Established November i, 1855.
DROWNED IN A RESERVOIR
An Electrician Quite Badly
Burned.
X CONFLAGRATION BREAKS OUT IN SONORA
Accident at the Kawhide.-The Fun
eral of the Late Wm. L.
Bailey.
CALAVERAS COUNTY.
Prospect. San Andreas. June 11, lfluo.
 ' Kate Venciel daughter of Walter and
Belle Vanciel, was drowned in an irri
gating reservoir, near her '* home at
Milton, last Sunday. She went to the
reservoir to bathe and beinar pone long
er than she should have been, search
was made with the result of rinding the
body of the dead girl in the water. The
deceased was an unusually bright child,
aged about fifteen years, and a great
favorite with all her schoolmates and
intimates. Her parents who aro well
known in nearly all parts of the county
have the doeepeet sympathy of the
whole community in this, their hour of
sorrow. - .
A man by the name of J. F. Mulram
who had been in the employ of the
Standard Electric Company for a short
. time, was found dead lnst Monday in a
barn near Mokelumne Hill. W hen found
he was buried to the neck in the hay.
Death was due to pulmonary trouble to
which cause had been added an. undue
indulgence in alcoholic liquor.
Citizen. San Andreas. June 9, 1000.
A lot of aluminum wire, seven-eights
of an inch in diameter is stored near
Stockton by the. Standard Electric
Company for use on its power system
between the plant near Mokelumne
Hill and Stockton. San Jose, Oakland
and San Franciso. The large wires will
be strung on the polos Immediately after
all the masts are put into position.
( Walter Pennel, an electrician of the
. Standard Company at White's Bar, was
badly burned by an electric shock on
Friday last. He was doing some work
about the machinery with a monkey
wrench when in some manner unknown
it came in contact with the current, and
a flame passed up the wrench and badly
burned his arm, face hair and eyebrows.
A Deputy Fish Commissioner ar
rested three Milton fishermen and one
from Copperopolis for catching black
bass out of season,' in the Salt Spring
reservoir last Monday,' and Justice
Stull of Jenny Lind fined them each
$40. The season opens July Ist.
Chronicle, Mokelumne Hill. June 9, 1900.
The work of digging the foundation
for the new temple to be erected by the
Masons and Odd Fellows is progressing
« rapidly. The debris taken from the
%ite is being deposited in St.; Charles
' street at a point where filling was badly
needed. That portion of the street now
presents a pretty respestable appear
ance.
Lieutenant .Vogelsang, accompanied
by his wife, passed through San An
dreas last Tuesday en route to the Big
Tree^t Natural Bridges and Yosemite,
The Lieutenant, who is in the service
of the United States Navy, was re
cently promoted for gallant couduct
during the late war, from ensign to his
present rank. He is a Calaveras boy
and his old friends were pleased to meet
him.' . • . /
TUOLUNINE COUNTY.
Independent, Sonora. June 9, 1900.
Ha,rry Dgwsp.n, who had been con
yicted pf burglary in the secpnd degree,
came befpre the Cpurt fpr sentence Fri
day, thejstinst., the date for pronounc
ing judgment, having been changed
.from' Saturday to that day. Dawson
was sentenced to, four years' imprison?
ment at San Quontin, and he and Cook,
trhp, was also sentenced to four years
fpr the same offense, were taken -to San
Queatin last Saturday by Sheriff Pried
Charles Wagner of Cloudmans mot
with a peculiar accident Sunday, and
one that might very easily have proved
fatal. He was engaged in mowing, hav
ing a horse and a colt hitched up. . The
colt began kicking and got its foot ovee
the pole. Wagner stepped in betweeit
the animals and endeavored to straight^
en matters out when the blade of the'
mower struck the horse in the leg caus
ing the team to run away. The mower
passed over Wagner, who received sev
eral painful, but not serious wounds.
The fire which occurred early Mon
day morning naturally brought the
question of fire protection prominently
to the front.. When a fire is about to
break out, it does not give due notice of
Its Intention and often chooses unseem
ly hours for its visit. The first ten
(jr. twenty ipinutes after the tjJarm is
.epunded are the mpst important and
usually determine whether the.confla
gration is to be a large or small one. It
je eyjdent that a fire is mpre easily ex
tinguished at the start, therefore the
necessity of having the best moans ob
tainable always at hand to fight it suc
cessfully at a moment's notice. It is no
more than justice that the firemen
should be paid for their labor. They
do valuable services for the city and
they should receive just compensation.
i^oney' invested 'in fire protection is a
paying Investment'from every point of
view.' ' ' " '
New Era, Carters, June, 8 1900.
Jghn Terjjpb, a miner at the $a,w
htde, was struck last priday morning* by
apiece"of rock tihki slipped frbkTthe
waif of the drift in which' he was work
ing, and had his left ankle sprained and
The Amador Ledger.
badly contusedPersonal His injuries are severe
and will keep him off the pay-roll for a
long time. Terzich was brought to
Sonora and comfortably quartered at
.the Columbia, where he is being at
tended by Dr. Bromley. ...
Tom Carter, a blacksmith in James
Ball's shop, while engaged in shoeing a
horse last Friday was kicked on the
side of the head by the vicious brute.
The force of the blow knocked ' him
clear across the shop and there the
other side of his head struck an anvil.
He was not seriously injured and con*
tinued work as usual, thus testifying
that heads are sometimes as hard as
horse hoofs or iron.
EL DORADO COUNTY.
Nugget, Placerville. June 8, 1900.
Mrs. Bailey, wife of W. L. Bailey
who died at the Ohio House Thursday
morning, arrived from Atnador county
this noon. They have an adopted bod,
who with his wife arrived from Win
chell's at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
When Mrs. Bailey arrived here she
thought she was among strangers who
had no interest in her and her grief,
but she discovered old-time friends in
Mrs. James Bailey and Jack Stephens
who knew both her and hey husband in
Minnesota where they lived before com
ing to California. The Baileys are old
pioneer residents of Amador county and
when they came there years ago were
prominent people and highly educated.
In the years that have passed they
have met with financial reverses until
today they have nothing.
Amador county gave $25 towards the
expenses of the funeral but through
the kindness of C. P. Winchell and
Jack Stephens, Mr. Bailey had a burial
much better than that usually given by
the county.
He was interred in the City cemetery.
Services were conducted by the Rev. C.
C. Pierce.
A FORGOTTEN HEROINE.
Garbed as a Man Bh» Unwittingly Won
Many Feminine Hearts.
Worthily worn, the gaudy trappings
of war hare ever won feminine hearts.
In recording the great services to our
country of an almost forgotten Revolu
tionary heroine, a writer has brought
to light some remarkable romances.
The heroine, tall, cultured, high-born,
joined the Continental army in the uni
form of a man and served three years
with conspicuous bravery. Her hero
ism brought her preferment and into
contact with the best people of the
Colonies, and at all the balls and other
social gatherings she was the lion ( or
lioness). The girls adored the* brave
soldier, confessed their love, and show
ered her with presents. ".The Girl
Who Fought in the Revolution " will
be a feature of the July Ladies' Home
Journal. It is a record of facts far
stranger than fiction.
On Every Bottle
Of Shiloh's Consumption cure is this guaran
teePersonal "All we ask of you is to use two- thirds of
the contents of this bottle faithfully, then If
you can say you are not benefited, return the
bottle to your druggist and he may refund the
price paid." Price paid 25c, 50c and (1. For
sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. * -
Daily Helps For Juniors.
Sunday. A single sunbeam is enough
to drive away many shadows.
Monday. Understand this first, last
and always— the wprid wants the best
thing; it wants your best.
Tuesday.-" In judging others we
should remember that to be noble in
small things is as difficult as to be noble
in great.
.Wednesday.; The sweetest happi
ness we ever know comes from sacri
fice — from effort to make others happy.
Thursday. No one is useless in this
world who lightens the burden of it
for any one else.
Friday. A prayer in its simplest
definition is merely a wish turned God
ward."
Saturday. Character is made up pf
small duties faithfully performed —
Universal ist Leader..
no Yon Know
Consumption is preventable? Science has
proven that, and also that neglect is suicidal.
The worst cold' or cough can be cured with Shi
loh's Cough and Consumption Cure, Sold on
positive guarantee for over fifty years. For sale
by A. Goldner, Druggist •
"Breaking Up" the Bitting Hen.
The broody hen can be cured of her
broodiness by. putting her in a coop
with a slatted bottom and leaving
nothing in the pen which she could
convert into a nest. If she is of a very
persistent disposition - she may sit on
the slats fgr a few days, bu/t she will
soon give it up, and at the end of a
week may be safely returned to the
laying pen. In most cases the slatted
bottom can be dispensed with, but the
use of it will always hasten matters.
Changing the hen from the yard to
which she has become accustomed and
putting her in another ampng strange
companions will generally puf a stop tp
her broodiness, but this plan is not as
reliable as the pne first suggested.
..We do not believe in breaking up
the brppdy hens, but pccasipnally thprp
is a sufficient reason fpr sp doing, and
when such reason exists it should be
done, by soma_uch means as the above,
instead of by ducking In cold water and
other cruel practices followed ' 'in the
good old times." — Farmers' Voice.
How Is Your Wife?
Has she lost her beauty J If sq constipation,
indigestion, sicV n'etfdacne, ire" tHe principal
causes, Ita'rl'a Clover Root Tea has' cured these
ills for half a century. Price &c and'SOc.
Money refunded if results are not satisfactory.
For sale by A. Goidner',' Druggist. *
$oCaliPersonals Magazine.
Sample copies of MoCall's Magazine at the
Ledger office, without money and without
price, Step in and get one. First come, first
served. •
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY. CALIFORNIA; FRIDAY, JUNE 15. 1900.
SUNDAY SCHOOL CONVENTION
E.O. Fxcell Will Lead the
Singing.
10IE" WRITES A NERSY LETTER FROIASiKUI
The W. C. T. U. Will Give an Ice-
Cream and Strawberry '
Festival.
The great tour of the Northwest
States and British Columbia that is be
ing made by the five representatives of
the International Sunday School! As
sociation, who are coming to San Jose
for the State Sunday School Convent
ion on June 19 to 22, is attracting wide
spread interest. The meetings they
are to attend began at St Paul, Minn.,
on May 15. The party will, in the two
months they are to travel, hold State
conventions and special meetings in
eleven of \be Northwest States and one
province of Canada.
The party is made up of Sunday
School meo of wide experience and
they come officially ; appointed by ' the
denominations they represent. Mr. E.
O. Excell, of Chicago, who is to lead
the singing at the San Jose convention
has a National reputation as a com
poser and singer and will make; the
singing at all of the meetings one of the
most prominent parts. The other
members of the party are Mr. Marion
Lawrance, General Secretary of the
International Sunday School Associa
tion; Rev. Alexander Henry of Phila
delphia, an active member of the Pres
byterian Board of Publication and Sun
day School Work; Rev. E. S. Lewis of
Columbus, Ohio, one of the leading
pastors of the Methodist Episcopal 'de
nomination; Mr.* Robert T. Bonsall of
Cincinnati, Ohio, teacher of the Union
Teachers Meetings of Cincinnati for 20
years. San Jose is now actively pre
paring to receive the great host of
workers who are coming to hear these
eminent men. General Secretary Earl
S. Blngham of San Jose, and Trans
portation Manager Henry T. Plant of
Saratoga, are traveling the State over,
attending county conventions and
working up large delegations who will
attend the convention.. The special
rates on the railroads are helping to
attract many and all the workers are
anxious to get the most up-to-date
methods for their work, from their
Eastern men.
Provisional Programs will be Bent to
all the Sunday Schools this week to
gether with a ' 'poster, ' ' the call for
the convention and R. R. certificate.
If any schools fail to receive them they
can be secured by addressing the Secre
tary of the County Sunday School As
sociation in which they live or by ad
dressing the General Secretary, Earl
S. Bingham, San Jose.
AUKUM NEWS.
The Pigeon Creak School Closet After
a Successful Term.
AUKUM, June 4, 1900.
The grip appears to. have reached
this vicinity, your correspondent being
among the victims.
Mrs. Wrigglesworth who has been
in Placerville for the past week return
ed to her home Thursday.
Mr. and Mrs. Hite and baby, and
Joe Speakman spent Tuesday with Mr.
Chas. Bell's family.
Mrs. N. Perry and Mamie Perry
went to Mr. Bigives last Thursday in
search of strawberries.
The farewel} party given at Wrig
gleswocth Hall last Thursday in honor
of Chas. Bell, was well attended. All
reported having had a good time.
Mr. and Mrs. Terrell and Mrs.
Furgerspn, whp have been living on
the Liebbardt place, have moved to
Sacramentp, from whence they came.
Quite a number of pepple gathered
at the Pigeon Greek schpql-house last
Friday to enjoy the closing exercises
and ice-cream. The program was ; as
follows;
Greeting song, By tbe subool.
Recitation, "A school-boy's troubles,"....
Summit- Nichley .
Recitation, "The Dead Doll," Daisy Bell.
Dialogue, "The Seasons" four little girls.
Recitation, 'A Generous Complaint"
Lester Walton.
Dialogue, "A place for everything"
two girls and two boys.
Recitation, "A Hundred years to come"
Albert Uhlinger.
Song, "Gay and FJappy," '. . EJchool.
Repltatiptj.' I Straiger in the Ft»'".. ..'.
Rubie Dillon.
Dialogue, "Worth before Show" four boys.
Recitation, "An old man's Story" . . Myrtle Bell.
Song, '-Mamma's in Heaven" Ethel Bell.
Comedy," Mind your own Business"
five girls and three boys.
Song, "Columbia the Gem of the Ocean,". . .
Personal. School
After the exercises th.c teacher, Miss
Annie Voge}i, treated the school and
audience to ice-cream and cake, and
the afternoon ended In a good time,
everyone being pleased with what the
teacher had done during the term and
al} wish ty>r back when schppl opens
again.
Chas. Bell, Hugh Cram and Ray
Lewis, left here Wednesday for Cape
Home. They have the best wishes of
their many friends, all wishing them
health, wealth and a quick return.
Will Jinkerson's smiling face was
seen in this vicinity Sunday last.
Mrs. Chas. Bell and daijghtor Daley,
who' have fceen'y|sl^ing frieuijs, a.nd roit
atiyes in Shenandpah" Valley fpr the
past week, returned home Saturday.
Miss tycCt*rty and - Hattio Seeley
went to. PlacerylUe Saturday returning
Sunday.
Quite a number of the young folks
from this place attended the ba3e-ball
game between the Omo 'and Shenan
doah teams at the former's grounds
the victory being in favor of the latter
the score being twenty-one to twenty
sixPersonal
The W. C. T. U., held a special
meeting at Wriggles worth's Hall Sun
day to make arrangements for an ice
cream and strawberry festival which is
to take place at Evening Shade school
house on the 17th, of this month.
Nome.
The Cowboy's Proof.
"Jack" Vance, a cowboy from the
ranch of the Butte Creek Cattle Com
pany, was on trial at Alliance, Neb.,
on a charge of shooting at a brakeman
on the Burlington Railroad with in
tent to kill him. He had received his
pay a few days before and was engaged
at the time of the shooting in the pic
turesque pastime of painting the county
red.
Vance vehemently denied any intent
to perforate the brakeman. He told
the Court that, while it was true that
he did take out his revolver and shoot
after the brakeman bad pushed him off
the train, he was merely giving a pre
arranged signal. He and a frietid had
been down the road a few miles and
wanted to ride back to the nearest sta
tion to* the ranch. Realizing that if
they were found by any of the train
crew they would be put off, they had
arranged that if one was put off the.
train he should notify his partner by
firing his revolver once.
The trainman, with visions of what
he firmly believed was a narrow escape
from death, shook his head, and the
Judge looked unbelieving. Vance's
cowboy friend corroborated the story,
but, seeing that his tale failed to re
ceive credence, the defendant asked
the Court to please step outside. The
Judge asked what for.
. "I'll prove my innocence, Your
Honor," Vance said. '•'•';.
The Court was curious and went out
side. So did the Sheriff, lawyers and
spectators. Vance pulled out his re
volver, and, holding a postage stamp
between the fingers of his left hand,
clipped off each corner ] in succession.
Next he asked a spectator to suspend a
hickory nut from a thread. Walking
off thirty feet he wheeled and at the
first shot cut the thread. Taking six
tacks he placed them loosely in a piece
of wood. This he placed against a post
twenty-five yards away. Borrowing a
watch from a bystander, he opened the
case for a mirror, shot with his back
to the mark, and drove each tack into
the wood without a miss.
The brakemen had been looking on
in open mouthed wonder. As Vance
concluded the brakeman stepped up to
the Judge, and, tapping him on the
arm, saidPersonal
"Yes, Yer Honor, I guess I was mis
taken. That man wasn't shooting
at me."
From the Chairman and Secretary.
San Francisco, June 8, 1900.
To the Republicans of California.
In assuming the office of Chairman
and Secretary, respectively, of the
Republican State Central Committee,
we do so with the full knowledge of the
responsibility resting upon us.
We also realize that without the
support and approval of our fellow Re
publicans we shall fail.
Such ability and energy a»-we pos
sess will be constantly employed in the
interests of the party, and with the
sole object of success for our ticket in
the political contest at hand.
We ask the co-operation of every
Republican and loyal citizen in Califor
nia to aid in accomplishing this— to the
end that our wise and patriotic Execu
tive may be continued at the head of
our Government, and allowed to com
plete the great work undertaken by
his party and administration.
We also invite the Republicans gen
erally to give the Committee at all
times their views upon matters relating
to the conduct of the Campaign, and
to freely make suggestions which may
be thought tp possess ideas which will
prpve pf assistance tp the Committee
in its work. Personal_' _ ' v ...
Tbe Cqminjttee rppms will be kept
open during the Campaign from early
morning till 10 o'clock p. m., and a
welcome is cordially extended, to all
callers, and we . especially ask friends
from the country to call and give us
the benefit of their observations.
Respectfully,
Geo. Stone, Chairman.
Wm. M. Cutter, Secretary.
Tell Your Bister
A beautiful complexion is an, impossibility
without gjjpd pure'b'}op4- the sprt that only ex
ists in connection with good digestion, a healthy
liver and bowels. Karl's Clover Root Tea acts
directly on the bowels, liver and kidneys, keep
ing them in perfect health. Price 25c and 50c.
For sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. *
The Century's Fashionable Summer
Extorts.
There Is something wonderful in the
growth of summer resorts in this
country. A single resort qn the At
lantic epgst ta-day ca,n. sumptuously
provide fp,r inp,re "peqple than half a
century ago could be accomodated in
all the summer placea \n this country.
But the aider places have had a most
Interesting past. In former days they
wereMeccas of the wealth, wisdom and
beauty of our land. Many interesting
incidents of their inception and history
will be published in the July Ladies'
Home Journal, under tl;e heading
"Fashionable Summer Resp.rts pi {•__
Century. '"'. '
Is a Good Thing.
Muddy complexions, nauseating breath come
from chronic constipation. Karl's Clover Root
Ten fa an absolute cure and has been sold for
fifty years on an absolute guarantee. Price 25c
and 50c. For sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. •
To Let.
A six-room house and barn, about a,
quarter of a mile from the Zeila mine.
, Apply at this oftloe. 5-18-lmo
PORTO RICAN INVESTIGATION
Water Supply and Irrigation
Reported.
THE GOVERNMENT LOOK 3 INTO THE AFFAIR
The Methods of Spaniards and Stor
age Reservoirs Are BeingPersonal
 . Personal Ducuwed. u<(M
Although the island of Porto Rico
has & less area. than the diminutive
eastern State of  Connecticut, yet its
different &sr£pm are subject to as great
a variati&n^a ratnfall^asVare the ex
tremes of the United States, ranging
from practical aridity, to very heavy
precipitation.' As much as 140 inches
of annual rainfall is reported in some
parts of the Island while at some places
on the south coast three years have
passed without rain. And it is on the
south coast that opportunity is offered
for irrigation; but the area available is
very small. Some of the _ methods in
usej however, are quite interesting.
"The soil on this land, " said Herbert
M. Wilson, the Engineer of the Geo
logical Survey, who has recently visited
Porto Rico, "is in every case the best
kind for irrigation. It is fairly deep
and underlain by a porous limestone or
coral which affords good drainage and
probably insures safety , from the
danger of producing alkali.. Much of
it is already under cultivation. . "^..
The perennial flow of the streams of
this section is unusually abundant for a
land requiring irrigation. Moreover
the flood discharges of these streams
occur at frequent intervals during the
year, but are especially well distributed
throughout the summer."
- "Are there any opportunities for the
storage of water?"
"These frequent floods afford an
abundant surplus for storage and the
shapes of the smaller parting valleys
and of the lower canyons through
which the rivers emerge from the
mountains may be found opportunities
for the construction of storage reser
voirs at relatively small cost.
"The Spaniards, who in the past
have been the principal land-owners,
are thoroughly familiar with the re
quiremonts and processes of irrigation
as practiced in Spain. Quick to ap
preciate the advantages of the artificial
application of water, .they have already
constructed numerous ditches of mod
erate sizes, and much of the more val
uable sugar land is ctltivated exclus
ively by the aid of Irrigation.
"Such work as I noticed, " continued
Mr. Wilson, "corresponds in general
type to those seen in Mexico, but be
cause of the greater influence of Euro
pean ideas in this island, the con
struction is of a more substantial
character, and more nearly approaches
that prevalent In Spain and Italy. The
diversion works are in every instance
of the crudest kind, simple w\n.g dams
of rpek and. bgu}ders thrgwn put into
the bods pf the streams tp direct a por
tion of the waters intp the heads of the
ditches, These are necessarily carried
away by each flood, requiring to be
immediately replaced. On the other
hand, the headworks, falls, regulating
gates, and other dividers are construct
ed in the most substantial manner of
massive masonry.
"In strong contrast to this type pf
construction are th.q mfnar distribu
taries observed in some of the cane
fields. These were built by owners
who had great grinding and boiling
machinery for the treatment of their
cane, and- were imbued to a certain ex
tent with American methods. They
out- Americanized our Western irri
gators. Their distributaries consist
of a series of temporary trestles and
shallow wooden troughs or gutters
made of lumber brought from America.
These tap the hillside ditches at snch
points as seem desirable, and are rough
ly placed so as to oarry tbe water to
such portions of the field as Immedi
ately require It. After Irrigation in
such localities the trestles and troughs
are removed and utilized in irrigating
other portions of the same field. This
practice is resorted to in order to reach
the numerous little detached rolling
hills ten to twenty feet in maxfmum
height, into which' the surface of the
sugar lands is broken. The other | lo
calities, where practicable, these lands
are irrigated by direct diversion from
the main ditches of laterals dug in the
earth and ramifying to every portion
of the field to which gravity will con,
duot the water."
"What effect Vnlght Porto Rican
production or irrigation development
in the Island, Mr. Wilsqn, have upon
the American market?"
"Oh, none whatever. The island is
small and while methods will he im
proved, the total production cannot be
greatly Increased. The Increased
sugar production of the island would
would not be a spot even on the Louisi
ana crop, to say nothing of the im
mense consumption of this country.
Porto Rico's irrigation features are in
teresting, but they cannot in any way
affect th.c United States,
Guy E. Mitchell.
IRRIGATION SURVEYS.
A reliable and systematic survey of
the water resources of the arid region
which is subject to reclamation through
the preservation of the waters that
now run to waste, is highly imoprtant.
Congress should authorize and appro
priate liberally for the carrying for
ward of such work.
UNDER NATIONAL CONTROL.
In all the great irrigation systems of
ancient times, history records that a
central head made responsible to it
each individual irrigator or section,
and so the rules and laws under which
agriculture was performed were framed
in such manner as to insure the great
est good to the greatest numberPersonal thus
a marvelously perfect agricultural de
velopment arose under, such -systems,
and serious conflict of rights was un
known. >yt%
EASTERN CO-OPERATION.
The 'manufacturers of the country,
especially the East, now that their! at
tention has been called to the subject,
are becoming heartily in favor of the
plan of federal aid to irrigation, because
of the promise that \ the development
and population of these now arid lands
means the establishment of a great
home market for their . goods. Personal Their
friendliness and aid will be found not
inconsiderable.
M. S. . Church Services,
Preaching every Sunday at 11 a m and 7Personal30
p. m.  Sunday school, 2 p. m. ; Epworth League
8Personal45 p. m. Prayer meeting  every Thursday,
7Personal30. F. A. Morrow, pastor. -
H. Clark, Chauncey, Ga., says De Witt's Witch
Hazel Salve cured him of piles that had afflicted
him for twenty years. It is also a speedy cure
for skin deseases. Beware of dangerous count
erfeits. City Pharmacy.
Gut your measure taken for a fine
$10 suit, at the White House. 2 23-tf




THE COFFEE HOUSE
••••a!
JACKSON, CAL.
Basement of the Webb Building
Everything New, Neat and Clean
Clean
MEALS SERVED AT ALL HOURS
Guests treated with consideration and re.
spect at all times.
Best Liquors and Cigars at the Bar
A. GAGRE and A. TARAZ.
L. OETTINGER  S. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT &amp; CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutter Creek, C»l.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in Iron to the
faot th,a> we keep constantly on hand a large
and complete stack of bar, refined and Norway
Iron, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc., whioh we will
sell at the LOWEST CASH PRICES.
•••••§
Personal it's Not I
I Expensive==# 2
• It's the quality that's high in Tea •
• Garden Drips, Toboggan Maple 5
• . . Syrup and Pelican Loitfs.tanu. Ma- •
• lasses.
• For sale first-class grocers in •
W vans only. ' Money refunded if the *
• goods are not satisfactory. Don't •
• accept an imitation. See that the *
• manufacturer's name is lltho- *
• graphed on every can.  •
m Pacific Coast  5
 Syrup Company ♦ 2
' 713P719 Sabso&e GU'«6i, Han Francisco Z
LEDGER'S CLUBBING RATES.
Ledger and Daily Call, one year. . , $7 60
Ledger and Weekly Call, one year .'....,. S 60
Ledger and Daily Bulletin, one year 6 60
Ledger and Semi- Weekly Bulletin, 1 ye'r 4 20
Ledger and Weekly Bulletin, one year. . . 390
Ledger and Daily Chronicle, one year 7 70
Ledger and Weekly Chronicle, one year . 3 60
Ledger and Weekly Examiner, one year. 3 60
Ledger and Daily Examiner, one year ... 8 30
Ledger and N. Y. Weekly Tribune, 1 ye'r 3 00
Ledger and N. Y. Tri- Weekly Tribune, ly 3 50
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Magazine, 1 jr s 36
Ledger and S. F. Weekly Post, pn.e, year. 3 00
Ledger and McCall's. SJagazine, <,ne year 2 76
Ledgor and S(. turns Globe Democrat, ly 3 00
Ledger an,d] •'. Ta» ice a Week," one year . . 300
«gr The above rates are strictly In advance.
«|j*ijr Union Stables
vJwfcsSlii under VYe.b h aM *
M AIH STrtEET - - JACKSON, CAL.
• -», NEWMAN, Prop.
The Stable equipped with first-class stock
and vehicles. Suitable rigs for Commercial
travelers with trunks.
Special Attention Paid *
* to Transient Stock..
Large stable and yard for use of teamsters.
Telegrams answered free of cost. 2-23-tf
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, Jackson
Dealer in
-^AMERICAN WATCHES, CLOCKS JEWRY*
AND SH-VERWARE - • 0 '!
*3- All goods warranted as represented -
Repairing of watches, Clooks and jewelry a
specialty.
I. L. GODFREY
BUILDER, JOINER AND WORKER IN WOODS
Water Street, Jackson
IS PREPARED TO DO ALL KINDS OF
plain or ornamental work. Bookcases,
Wardrobes, Commodes, etc., turned out in the
most skillful manner. Window Screens and
Blinds made In short order. Orders from the
country attended to. promptly.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Achilles was in-
vulnerable in every paty oart of the body
save his heel. The
B«SeBiBi> j myth runs that he
was rendered invul-
nerable by being
dipped in the river Styx in infancy, the
heel by which he
was held being
jFj \ y>. j Tw. not submerged
Everyone
has some
weak spot
in his phy-
sical organism, and that weak spot is the
invariable attacking point of disease.
No man is stronger than that weakest
spot in him. We see great robust look-
ing men go down like ninepins, at a
touch of disease, and wonder at it. It
is simply the wound in the weak spot,
the vulnerable heel of Achilles. ...
It is the office of Dr. Pierces Golden'
Medical Discovery to build up the weak
places, to strengthen the weak organs of
the body. It does this on Nature's own
plan of nourishment. Proper food prop-
erly assimilated makes a weak man
strong. But the man is only an aggre-
gation of parts, so that the strong man
means strength of all parts, heart, lungs,
liver, nerves, etc. " Golden Medical
Discovery " puts into Nature's hands the
material by which the stomach is
strengthened, ,the blood purified, the
nerves nourished, the lungs vitalized. It
makes the weak strong and the sick well.
It contains no alcohol or other intoxicant.
Mr. R. J. M cKnieht, of Cades, Williamsburg
Co., S. C, writes Personal "I had been troubled with
rheumatism for twelve years, so bad at times I
could not leare my bed. I was badly crippled.
Tried many doctors and two of them gave me
up to di?, None of them did me much good
The pains In my back, hips and legs (and at
times in my head), would nearly kill me. My
appetite was very bad. I took five bottles of the
'Golden Medical Discovery' and four vials of
1 Pellets," and to-day my health is good."
GLOBE
Corner Main and Court Streets
E. ANDERSON Personal Personal Proprietor
First-Class in Every Respect
ESPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO COM-
merclal travelers. Sample rooms con-
nected with the house. The very best of ser-
vice guaranteed to patrons.
„ Good Meals. 23 Cents
Abstracts of Mining Properties a Specialty.
Prompt Attention and Accurate Information
given to Letters of Inquiry.
GEO. I. WRIGHT
CONVEYANCER AND
SEARCHER of RECORDS
Plats, Tracings and Blue Prints made
to order, showing locations of any sur-
veyed land in Amador County.
The only set of Abstract Books In Amador
County (Properly System.)
JACKSONj =. * - AMADOR CO., CAL.
Sr»-»f P. O. BOX 14
Porter & Cheney
Mines and Mining Stock
Mines Bought and Sold - - - -
- - - - Corporations Organized
We make a specialty of unlisted - -
mining stock of the ' 'Mother Lode
530 California Street, San Francisco.
BANK OF AMADOR COUNTY
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock Personal Personal Personal $50,000
President Henry Eudey
Vice-President s. G. Spagnoll
Secretary and Cashjer Frederick Eudey
BOARD OF DIRECTORSPersonal
Henry Eudey, S. G. Spagnoli, John Strohm, C.
Marelia and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT.— Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from tbe Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from fire
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize! * beano institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County ; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postorace or express. Money sent
to ai; parts ol the United States and also all
parts ol the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in tho Bank of Amador County
They receive deposits from J5 up. Commence
the now yoar by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has ti
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die it can't be found and you are ll'n
ble to be robbed wfctte aJlve.
i A Word i
iPersonal to the Wise iPersonal
<i i >
ii < *
J ; Every Spring the hu- ] ;
\ ; man system needs to be J ;
] thoroughly cleaned, the * ;
; ; same as a house. How ] ;
; ; few do it though! If \ ;
J ; they only knew how J ;
; ; much difference it \ ;
J ; would make in their J ;
J feelings and health. | ;
; ; The system needs to J ;
; ; have the circulation J ;
; set going — needs new j ;
; ; rich blood. j ;
; ; We have all the repu- ; ;
J ; table system - cleaners j ;
J ; and can advise you j ;
J ; about them. j ;
j I THE CITY PHARMACY, i i
; ; ROBERT I. KEBB ; [
', ! Main Street JACKSON ! !
Ten Cents Per Copy.
LAWYERS.
E. A. FREEMAN
Attorney-at-Law
Jack&on, Cal.
--•-< - . •PersonalPersonal--' '
Office in Marella building, corner Main and
Court streets.
D. B. SPAGNOLI
Attorney and Counselor at Law
JACKSON, CAL.
Practice in all the States and Federal courts
OfficePersonal Spagnoll building, opposite Hall of
Records. - - ..-
ACAMINETTI
Attorney and Counselor at Law
Will practice . in all the State and Federal
- courts.
*E» OBEHT !C. DOLE
Attorn«y-at-Law ' v .
Jackson, Cal.
OfficePersonal Farley building, Summit street.
T^EIL ;_! MACCUARRIE
Attorney and Counitlor at Law
Jackson, Cal.
Office Personal Spagnoli block, Courthouse square.
T W. CALDWELL
.Attorney-at-Law
Jackson, Cal.
Will praotice in all courts of the State.
JOHN F. DAVIS
-'- . . -
?.'<> Jackson, Cm. "
Office on Summit Street, opposite Courthouse.
TACOB L. SARGENT
el
\T^- ATTORNEY- —
Jackson, Cal.
OfficePersonal Marella building. Court street. Mines
and mining laws a specialty.
;^ NOTARIES.
TTILDA CLOUOH
Stenographer and Notary Pablle
-Jackson, Cal.
Office, Judge Davis' law office*, Summit Street.
DOCTORS.
Tjl V. TIFFANY
Physician and Surgeon
49* Office on Main Street Personal Personal Personal Personal Personal Personal
piRED HUTCHINS, M. D.
Physician and Surgeon . ' '
Office with Dr. Robertson, in the Kay building.
wm be In his office every evening (Sunday* ez-
cepted) from 7to 9. - . ; \
EE. ENOICOTT, fit. D.
# _ -
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
OffloePersonal Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times,
"PJB. E. T. LONIGO
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
OfficePersonal Webb building. Main street. Resi-
dencePersonal Broadway, near Mane's Hotel.
pjß. A. M. GALL
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office In Weil & Renno building, Main Street.
TtT C. SIMMONS ' ' '-';"'•!
Physician and Surgeon
Sditeb Creek, Cal.
OfficePersonal Richards building;- ResidencePersonal Sut-
ter Hotel.
y^B. J. H. GILES
Physician and Surgeon
Sutter Creek, Cal.
OfficePersonal Eureka Street, one block east of Main.
D^TISTS. _
1 \ll. C. A. UEHRICK
DENTIST —
Jackson. Cal.
Office in Kay building. Hours front t a. m. to
5 p.m.
MISCELLANEOUS.
JACKSON
Marble and Granite Works
HEADSTONES
MONUMENTS
All Kinds of Marble and Granite
CITY PBICES
Granite curblngs from 11.25 (and upward) a
foot. Cement curbing* 00 cents a foot.
Come and see me, for you will be well pleased
with my work.
A. FRAN ATOVICH, Jackson, Cal.
M. A. MAILS
For the Best
Assortment of . .
Dry Goods
SHOES
Furnishing   Goods $fr
Of All Kinds
For Ladies
And Children
At the Lowest Prices
GO TO
M. A. MAILS
Sutter CreekTHE AMADOR LEDGER
Published Fridays by
AMADOR COUNTY PUBLISHING COMPANY.
SUBSCRIPTION RATESPersonal
One Year (if not in advance) $3 00
One Year (in advance) 2 50
"-^Six M0nth5...... '.,',"..-.....".". ..-. l 25
Three Months. . .'...... 75
• One or More Copies of the Ledger, each 10
Legal Advertising— Per Square— First Insertion i...5l 00
Subsequent Insertions— Per Square— each ' 50
'P. BUFFINGTON '^«PersonalV Personal Personal Personal, Editor and Manager
FRIDAY ..,. JUNK 15, 1900
• T i<. . . .• v ..;., hIIMI O jjillllH.l Llii iDHIHLJLJJJI JULlilll LJJI" "" li'} 1 'I- !>_ "ii-liß h '* I Ilin lifflt itMl \ M*±l iff 1* lth\ Hd \ VlMt'it
BIRTHPLACE OF THE ORDER.
It is no small honor to be the birthplace of an organiza
tion State wide and of National distinction. To Miss Lillie
O. Reichling, therefore, Jackson owes a debt of gratitude
which it will be hard to pay, and which in fact never will be
paid. In the brilliant intellect of the gifted founder of the
Order known, honored and beloved as the Native Daughters
of the Golden West, there doubtless arose a vivid ptcture of
the very thing that has occurred here this week — the royal
.reception and bountiful entertainment of the representatives
of the various Parlors of California. It is to be deeply re
gretted that .the fouuder of the N. D. G. W. was not here to
enjoy the successful session of the Grand Parlor in tire birth
place of the Order. She should have been here, and as the
most distinguished person present, barring none. Fate de
creed otherwise and we bow in humble submission to the de-
cree; but according to the eternal fitness cf things Miss Reich
ling, of Jackson, the founder of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West, should have been the observed of all observers
and the honored of all honored during the recent sessiou of
the Grand Parlor N. D. G. W. in Jackson, its birthplace.
..'.._. The Senate by uuanimous consent agreed that the Nic
aragua Canal bill Should be taken up December ioth, and re
main the unfinished business until disposed of. That shows
how far out of the way are those who have been saying that
the Republican leaders in the Senate did not intend to allow
-that bill to pass. The bill would have been passed before ad
journment, if it could have been done without an extended
debate which would have dragged the session into midsum
mer. ' It was discovered some time ago that there was an
agreement among Democratic Senators opposed to the Nicar
agua canal, who are. more numerous than is generally known,
to prolong the session indefinitely, if.an attempt was made
bring the bill to a vote. That and other good reasons made
the Republicans \villing«to allow the bill to go over.
This has been a red letter week for Jackson, and too
much praise cannot be bestowed upon Ursula Parlor No. i,
and especially upon its executive committee, for the admir
able manner in which the delegates to the Grand Parlor have
been entertained. Without a hitch the excellent plans of the
home Parlor have been carried out, and one by one the
pleasures that were prepared for. the Grand Parlor delegates
have been presented in regular order and duly appreciated.
The open- air band concert Monday evening; the public re
ception and banquet on Tuesday night, both of which weVe as
nearly perfect as good management could make them; the
visit to the Zeila mine, Wednesday afternoon, and the band
concert in the evening, were enjoyed by all. On Thursday
evening the mooulight Poppy drill and cake-walk and the
recitation by Mrs. F. Peabody, on the mammoth dancing
platform, were carried out to perfection and elicited great ap-
plause. The band furnished excellent music. To-night the
.Grand Ball, tendered by Excelsior Parlor No. 31, N. S. G. W.,
will close a week of unalloyed pleasure. The Ledger takes
this opportunity to bid the brilliant visiting delegates adieu,
and wishes them as a body God speed in their grand work,
and as individuals all the joy and happiness vouchsafed to the
brightest and best of the Golden WeLt by an Allwise and All
seeing heavenly Father.
If the Democratic party had the slightest regard for con
•sistency, it would, after the Democratic members of the House
defeated the joint resolution proposing a constitutional amend
ment giving Congress power to regulate trusts, forever keep
'mum on the subjects of trusts. Every time a Democratic
demagogue ; howles against trusts, he should be confronted
with the vote on this resolution, the most practical • anti-trust
legislation that has been before Congress, and asked why the
Democrats defeated it.

The settlement of the Senatorial dispute, in the matter
of Clark and Magiunis of Montana, has been left to the voters
in Montana, who will this year elect the legislature which
will meet in January, 1901, to elect a Senator to fill the seat
« now claimed by these gentlemen. The practical effect of the
postponement of the consideration of the credentials of the
claimants by the Senate Committee on Elections is as above
stated. Wise committee.
That a convention of women are equal in effectual wire
pulling to any body of men, has been demonstrated in Jack
son this week. Some brainy women have been with us.
They will make things hum when they get into politics.
Before our next issue the next President of the United
States, William McKinley, will have been nominated in Phil-
THE AM ADOB 3LED&EB; JACKSOS-, UAJLIFORyiA; IPBIDAT. JUNE 15, 1900.
AMADOR CITY-
Amador City,. June 13.1900.
Professor T. 'B. Rutherford gave an
illustrated lecture and entertainment of
stereoptican views, under the auspices
of the M. E. church, at Fallon's Hall
on Tuesday evening-, to quite a large
audience.  SubjectPersonal ."The 'process of
change. " After the entertainment the
members of the Ladies Aid Society
served ice cream and other refresh
ments,
C. T. Bartlett, who was here on a
short visit, returned to his duties last
Saturday his run being between Sacra
mento and Visalia.
Richard Soudan was over from the
G win mine last Thursday.
H. E. Potter, the popular young'
business man of Plymouth, was in town
Sunday. -// • ...;•
Andrew Noco has ' moved his family
over to tho Oneifla mine where he is
foreman.
Miss Ida Dugan of Plymouth paid
Amador a pleasant visit last Sunday.
The baseball game that was to come
off next Sunday at the Fullen grounds,
between the Jackson and Amador
nines, has been postponed until the
24th of this month.
Joseph Nielson came near meeting
with a bad accident while at work in
the Keystone mine last Thursday, a
board breaking on which he was stand
in, but he came out with only a' few
bruises.
Mr. Bunker, who has' been sojour.n
ing at San Francisco, returned here
Saturday.
Miss F. H v Coun, who has been visit
ing at the home of Thos. Mug
ford, returned .to -her home at Sacra
mento on Tuesday.
The Misses Mamie Parks and Jennie
Lee of Kennody Heights were over on
a visit Saturday.
A young man by the name of Clenon
Ponce ran a pitch fork through his
hand while at work in the hay field last
Saturday.
Miss "Alice Hambley, whp'has*been
visiting at Forest Home, has returned.
Miss Carrie Torre is on the 'sick list
this week. ; , ' ij
Frank Arnovich is up* 'fronr, San
Francisco. on a visit, i 9* •? * f >'A.^ S.
THE PHILIPPINE WAR.
June 6.— Great activity against
rebels. Many captured and much am
munition taken by the Americans.
June 7.— The sufferings of the men
under General Personal March _ are intense.
Soldiers are stricken by disease and
hunger and fall by the wayside.
June 8-— American troops'are led
into ambush by, a treacherous guide.
A Captain and a private are wounded.
June 9. — Throe Filipinos are convict
ed of murder and are Imprisoned for
twenty years. — General Miles is now a
Lieutenant General.
June 'lo. — Americans are again am
bushed.  Filipinos deliberately propose
a scheme for guerrilla operations.—
More troops for the Philippines. Gen
eral Pio del Pilar, a persistent and ag
gressive Filipino leader, is captured.
June H,— All manner of difficulties
beset the Philippine Commission. —
General Funston captures papers giving
full details of Aguinaldo's plan for the
uprising in Manila.
June 12. — Ainorican troops meet and
vanquish' robels. Personal -Fighting -still con
tinues.
' Do Not Overlook This'
And purchase from some one else.
Just received wy spring and summer
goods, which I carefully greeted while
in tho city, and they aro now ready for
inspection. Come. one, come all and
get your first pick. lam also making
a special sale of summer pants, valued
at $10, selling at $7.50. Remember
that this sate. u-i}J. only • last. for six
weeks. Max L^dar,
4-6 tf Tho Tailor, Jackson, Cal.
On Ice All The Time.
A. B.'Caininotti fi»s 4 pprtabje ice
chest which he uses to convey fnes.h
fish from lone to his Jackson market
and from thoro to his customers. ' By
thj.9 means the fish are packed in ice all
the t\ma ufl.tjl they reach the con
sumer. This plan sulvcs £.r>o problem,
and Caminetti's customers are Mire pi
fish in first-class conditionS»«*l£iS i ; ';
"I tuinfc DeWJtfs Little Early Risers are the
best pills in the wwrid/' .says Personal WV E. Lake,
Happy Creek, Va. They remove all obstr^oijon'9
of the liver and bowels, act quickly and never
gripe. City. Pharmacy
Caril 0/ Thanks.
The undersigned, relatives of this
late Mrs. Eli Smith, of Pioneer, ex
tend sincere and heartfelt thinks to
the kind friends who assisted them dur-
ing- their recent bereavementPersonal \..-' .
Mrs. Emslie. Lucy Smith.
Vv'?y. Smith. Eli Smith.
UKN iaHii'H, Bert Smith.
"No family can afford to be without One Min
ute Cough Cure. It will stop a cough and cure a
cold quicker than any other medicine," writes
<•. W. Williams. Sterling Bun ; Pa. -It cures
croup, bronchitis and all Ibroax mid lung
troubles and prevents consumption. Pleasant
and harmless. City Pharmacjr.
Cost of Picnic.
From the . Committee of Arrange
ments of the late Italian Picnic, we
learn that tho expenses foot up id' t-he
snug sum of $1,080.00 and after being
paid leave a fair surplus for benevo
lent porposes. -The Society is well
pleased with the result. ';Personal*-\
Peek's Addition now open for the sale of lots.
These resident lots are the cream of the town.
They are in town virtually, and yet up out of
the dust and dirt. They are cheap. 3-stf i
SUPERIOR COURT.
Daniel O'Toolo vs Ida O'Toole— Action for
dlvorco.
Mary E. Harmon vs KiizaUeth Specr— De 1
murrer to complaint Hied.
Estate of 13. F. Richtmyer— Hearing on report
of Commissioners on partition set for June 23.
Estate of James Speer— Hearing on iinal ac
couni con tinned.
HcCall's Magazine.
By reference to our clubbing rates our lead
ers will see that wo furnish McCall's Maga
zine, an especial favorite with the ladies, and
the Amadou Ledger, both one year for only
f).ia. Each subscriber receives a McCall Mag
azine pattern, which is worth at least onu-Uf th
of the prjee paid. It our people desire cheap
and proUtable reading we are prepared to fur
nish it.  - *
CJeanse the liver, purify the blood, invigorate
the body by using DeWitt's Little Early Risers.
These famous little pills always uct promptly
City Pharmacy.
To. County Commutes.
San Francisco, June 8,19005]
Editor Ledger* 'Jackson, 'Cal.
Dear SirPersonal  .- Personal -\
The Executive Committee of the
Republican State Central . Committee
of California earnestly recommends to
all county Committees in the State to
arrange for ratification meetings at as
many points as possible, in honor ' of
the nominations for President and Vice
President j to be made by the Republi
can National Convention, which con
venes at Philadelphia_on June 19th,
1900, and would further suggest that
such meetings, where , convenient, be
held on the evening of Saturday, the
23d instant. . .... /.',
The co-operation of. all Republican
clubs and kindred organizations should
be enlisted, and the demonstrations be
of such character, as will arouse tho en
thusiasm of the people, and show that
they are in hearty .acuord with. 'the
policy of the administration of Presi
dent McKinley, under* which every
section of this country,, has L progressed
and prospered to a degree unparalled
in the history of the Republic.
Oregon has fired the first gun in the
campaign, and declared in unmistak
able terms that the masses endorse the
wise and statesmanlike, policy of the
President. California Should manifest
the sentiment of her ftbple with equal
clearness— by wprds n,ow, ,- and .by bal
lots in .November next— for her most
material interests. aro;,vitally involved
in the issue of this- contest.
These first meetings.should strike the
keynote of the campaign, and show be
yond cavil that there is and will be no
wavering in the Republican ranks nor
doubt of success. . . . . . .
.At the meetings , tho platform of
principles enunciated by the Republi
can' National Convention should bo
given special attontloh4should be read
in full and commented upon at length.
The State Committee U not in posi
tion' at present to furnish speakers, and
tho various organization's will therefore
arrange for local speakers to address
the meetings." Very Respectfully.
Personal?4\£^i& ?i i3^GEo. Stone,
-^-^V*Personal Personal•; ... ,. Qhairman.
. Wm. M.'Cutptkr, v !
''•• .'Secretary. '
Theatm Tree For 1900-1. .
The 'International Drama, ' a leading
Theatrical paper desires to arrange
with spme lady or gentleman ' in every
town in the United States to send it a
brief weekly report of the happenings
of the theatres in their town for the
season of 19Q0-1. For this service they
issue tp the correspondent their
•'Critic's Credential Card. " - which en
titles them to the . usual courtesies of
Dramatic Papers (two passes to each
play). It is npt a bard task nor does
it require an experienced newspaper
writer, but they must have a responsi
ble person who will not abuse the priv
ileges. The "Critic's Card", enables
the correspondent to see all plays that
are presented duringPersonal the season with
out expense.- JTgr full. particulars ad
dress, Editorial Dept., The Duane Pub
lishing Co., Publishers, 23 Duane St ,
N.Y. Personal-- -> 6-15-5t
Picnic at Peerless. ,
Supt. Osbprne had the pleasure of
entertaining a pienlq party at the Peer
less Gold Mine last Wednesday, The
party consisted of Mr. and Mrs. Phill
ips of Kennedy Heights, Mrs. John A.
Bennetts of Amador City and J. J. B.
Warne of Konnedy Heights. Alessrs.
Warne and PhjUJips are stockholders in
the Peerless mine. A very pleasant
time was had, Mr. Osborne doing the
hnnprsjn }iis usual affable manner. Personal
W. W. Mayhew, Merton, Wi»-, sijrs, "I con
sider One Minute Cough Cure a most wonderful
medicine, quick and safe." It is the only harm
less remedy that gives immediate results. It
cures coughs, colds, croup, bronchitis, grippe,
whooping cough, pneumonia and all throat and
lung deseasei'Personal Its eajjy nse prevents consump
tion. Children always like it and mothers en
dorse it. City Pharmacy! ' '•'- Personal
Cpnsigned to Napa.
On Monday ltti,t J. T-, Clark, a resi
dent of Oleta, aged about 37 was turn
ed over to the care of officials and
brought to Sheriff Gregory who placed
tho unfortunate individual, in the in
sana ward of the county bastile. After
due examination, the pAt^enf was pro
nounced insane, and on Wednesday the
sheriff conveyed the younjj man to the
asylum f ( or the insane at . 'Jf apa.
Otto Korb, Grand Chancclo'r, K. t4S., Boon
vtlle. Ind., says, "DeWitfsWitch Hazel Salve
soothes the most delicate skin and heals the
mosf stubborn ulcer with certain and good re
sults. Cures piles p( skin deseases. Don't buy
an Imitation. City PharmaoV 1'
Piviae Service.
Divine sei-vlce will be hgld in Maspnic
Hall next Sunday morning 1 at 1 1 o 'clock.
The surplice choir will also appear for
tho first timo. • Wm. Tuson, rector.
J. I. Carson, ProUiototgry,. Washington, Pa.,
says, "I have found Kodol Dyspepsia Qure an
excellent remedy in Personal case o^.iiomiicl) trouble,
and have derived great benefit from Us use."
Itd,igesfs what you eat and can not fail to cure.
City Pharmacy. ';•'"; 'm
The Finest Building Lots.
Remember that W. p. Peek has the
finest building lots for sale in Jackson.
Terms easy. See display advertisement
in this pa pet. 3-2-tf
Mrs. I. Stoddard, "Specialist, " form
erly of Angels Camp, has located pre
mantally in San Rafael. ' Those desir
ing any of her remedies will receive
prompt attention. Mrs. I. Stoddard,
P. O. Box 325, San Rafael, Cal.
; iH«-5t
D. Odgers, Sutter Creek, can givePersonal
you better figures and quality on a suit !
of clothes than anyone else. 5-18-lmo !
Look out for the sale of ladies white
goods at the Red Front Saturday, June
9th.;,- I -. *6-8-tf
Consult Daniel Odgors, Sutter Creek,
befpro ordering suits of clothes. Agent
for Warringtcn \Voolen and Worsted
Mills. ' '•- 5-18-I mo
Ladies' Oxford Ties, 50 cents a pair '
at the Red Front. ... 6-8-tf
Ladios white muslin skirts, full size,
50 cents each, at the Red Front.
; ;• ?Personal 6-8-tf
Children's service ; it""; the' M. . E. ,
church, Sunday evening, Juno io.
Morning subjectPersonal Let us do less talking
about each other and spend the time
in helping some one.
The White House has ono price and
cells goods right. We are making
only small prcfjt, but our big sales are
reaching the little protit. . fj T Jjer.c sre
you? Twenty yards 'Bleached Mu&ih
jfor*l.QO, ; • " 6-a-tf PersonalPersonal
A Canine Milker.
£1 Several weeks ago'a tramp pup took
up his abode on the' premises of County
Superintendent j George A. Oordon.'
He was a good "natured dog and • soon
won therfriendship of the family and
became quite a pet for the children.
The dog is of the Shepherd family and
put in considerable of his time with the
stock on the place. Mr. Gordon ob
served that one cow in particular ap
peared very fond of the pup, and the
attraction was evidently mutual. PersonalHo
was astonished to see them together
so much of the time but the truth did
not dawn * upon "him until tne daily
quantity of milk from the animal prb
ceptibly diminished. . This . led to
suspicion and suspicion to 'detection, for
on Friday of last week the pup was
caught in the act of sucking tho cow.
Horse and Baggy for Sale.
The undersigned will sell his horse
and buggy at a very reasonable' price.
Terms cash. Call on or apply to Dr.
C. A. Herrick, Jackson, Cal. 4-13-tf
Sealed Bids Wanted.
Sealed bids wanted to sink ' the
Peerless shaft 100 feet, contractors to
furnish candles, caps, fuse arid powder.
The bids must be in the company's of
fice. Brown building, . Court street,'
Jackson, on or before Monday, June
18th, 1900, at 2 p. m. ' The Company
reserves tho right to reject any and all
bids. . Henry Osborne,'
\ , .Superintendent."
Excursion Bates.
Tho Southern Pacific Company has
made a special excursion rate for the
Fourth holidays. For the particulars
relative to the low rate read the com
pany's advertisement in this issue of
the Ledger.. v \
VV. H. Sbipman, Beardsley. Minn., under oath
says he suffered from dyspepsia for twenty-flve
years. Doctors and dieting gave but little re
lief. Finally he used Kodol Dyspepsia Cure
and he feels like a new man. It digests what
you eat. City Pharmacy.
Ladies white muslin skirts, full size,
50 cents each, at the Red Front.
6-8-tf
'_ -_ . A^lu^v^^^l^
GRIFFIN.— In Pine Grove, June 5, 1900 to Mr.
and Mrs. Ben Griffin, a daughter.
Personal MARRIED.
BARSI-BADARACCO.— At the Catholic church,
Father Gleeson officiating, June 14, 1900, Mar-
ion Barsi and Miss Julia Badaracco, both of
JacKson. r^ -.
*•.-PersonalPersonal'•Personal]; Personal"PersonalPersonal" r piED.";. ." PersonalPersonal- -;..?-;*>
TRABUCCO.-Near New York, Ranch June 12,
1900, Mrs. Virginia Trabijcco, aged 33 years, a
native of Italy.
STOCKING —At Sutter Creek, June 10, 1900,
Frederick Stocking, aged 21 years, 3 months,
and 10 days, a native of England.
Golden West Hotel
* * * THE LEADING HOTEL
ANEW SIX STORY FIRE PROOF BRICK
Building, 330 Rooms. Handsomely Fur-
nished, Modern, Hot and Cold Water and Steam
Heat in Rooms. Rates. American Plan, from
$1 25 to $3.50 per day. European plan from -50c
to ti SO per day. Special rates by the week or
month. Centrally located cor. Powell & Ellis
streets. Free Bus. San Francisco, Cal.
lipjrol
! Women and Girls to Work
On Fruit at the ;.v
I Marysvilto Cannery
STEADY WORK AT BEST WAGES
, One of the most comfortable interior ,
canneries to yfqrk In. 1 'A' large building
1 with high ,'rpof « nd' well 'ventilated by I,|
e>e6trTp other nieans I.'1 .' "
1 For health, comfort and a.musement
1 at this season Marysville offers induce-
< ments ahead of other localities. •
( Address for particulars ' - •;
R. W. SKINNER. Manager. .,
. STarysville, Cal. .  -. '
t'Personal*»*» k> v . ftg »(/ *- -I*7 ''
FOURTH OF Jl)l,Y— -— ♦
* SUTTER CREEK
Grandest Celebration ever attempted in the Southern Mines.
'. J.T - Over f 1 209 expended in preparation r r
ME--r^
8Personal30 a. m.— Band Concert by San An- ; 2^-Acrobatic Performance.
dreas and Preston School Bands. ]
... „ , _ , . „ 1 3-^-Scientifio TJoxing Match by two
9Personal30 sharp-Prayer by Chaplain,ißev. ; champions of the Olympic Club for
Jas. WhUaker. a medal. '.;.,.„
Fledcf Lo^rf SSofS Greco-Roman Wrestling Match by
iriS B^^,^^ra S matfc Soprano. mombe - of O %P^ club '»' ™ dal -
SeJectlon by Male Quartette. ; sPersonal3o— The most horrible of all "Horrii
Short Qratipn by ColoneJ Leonard S. ble" processions.
Calkins pf Nevada City. •" ' 17— fantastic and amusing exhibition by
Songs by Madame Lowry and Male! the Orientals. "' •''..- > • •'!•'.; -
Quartette. Personal 7Personal4s— Selections by Madame Lowry, to
11a.m. — Acrobatic Performance byt he fp.llo.wed by tiran'd Evening Acro-
ton selected members of the Olympic 1 batio por/ormancy by the Olympic
Club of San Francisco. Personal ;__; ; Club membor».
Ip. m. — Rock Drilling Contest for 9 p.m. — Grand Out-door Ball on a
purse of $100, and Band Concert. ) finished dancing platform 90x45 feot.
1Personal45 — Selection iy Madame Lowry. ? Tickets, $2.00. Supper, 50c a plate.
Continuous Amusements from 8Personal30 a. m. "atH midnight beside* the Grand Ball.
Band Music almost continuously throughout the day.
JAaJp Street C»ppp,led canvas and lined with shade trees.
President of the Day — R. C. Bole. Vice.Presidonts— E. Ginocchio, Jackson.
Volcano— P. A. Clute. Pine Grove— Clarence IJradshaw. Qlotii— Jds. Pig-
eon. Plymouth— Judge Blower. lone— J. Surface. Amador City^-J, R.
Dunlap. Sutter Creek— R. C. Downs.
,; .^ f John Lithgow
T?,^.,tPersonal«« n nmm i*ttl Jackson Dennis
... Executive Committee p M CoNNOES
L H. M, Calkins (Secy
M\ LEGAL NOTICES.
» • ti>s ',
HEREBY GIVEN THAT A
JJ^I special meeting of the Stockholders of the
Jackson Gold Mining and Milling Company
will  be held at the office of the Secretary, Kay
Building, Jackson, on Saturday, June 16 1900
at 8 o'clock p. m. "
. ' 1 WILL. A. NEWCUM, Secy,
• Jackson Gold Mining and Milling Co
Cbaklks Peters. President. - . - 5-n^«t
iS * l^Assessment Notice.
<i- Hh ; .'H •'•- i .j»., . Personal
Amelia Gold Mining Company.— Location of
principal place of business, San Francisco,
co a un°y r rCalifoV°niS. tiOU * W ° rkS> Amad ° r
IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
_L^ a meeting of the Board of Directors, held
on the ninth day of February, 1900, an assess-
ment (No. 4) of Two and One-half Cents per
share was levied upen the capital stock of the
corporation, payable immediately in United
States gold coin, to the Secretary, at the office
of the company. No. 320 Sansome street. Room
4, San Francisco, California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the fourteenth day of April
1900, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction; and, unless payment is
made before, will be sold on MONDAY the
7th day of May, 1900, to pay the delinquent as-
sessment, together with costs of advertlsine
and expenses of sale. ' - y . •  <
By order of the Board of Directors. "
o« xt "J" SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
Office— No. aw Sansome street, Room 4, San
Francisco California.' 2-16-td
POSTPONEMENT.
The date of delinquency ot the foregoing as-
sessment, No. 4, has been postponed to Tues-
day, the 15th day of May, WOO, and the day of
sale to Friday, the Bth day of June, 1900.
•By order of the Board of Directors *>'! X
nm M 1 L- SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
Office— 32o Sansome street Room 4,  San
Francisco, California. .- , - ...Personal..) "
Summons.
In the Justice's Court of No. One Township,
County of Amador, State of California. 1
Enrico Ginocchio and Alfonso Ginoccbio, part-
ners, doing business under the firm name
and style of E. Ginocchio & Bro., plaintiffs,
. . vs. W. S. Chapman, defendant.
The people of the State of California send
greeting to W. S Chapman, defendant.
Yon are hereby required to appear in an ac-
tion brought against you by Khe above-named
plaintiffs, in the Justice's Court of No. One
Township. County of Amador. State of Califor-
nia, and to answer before the Justice, at his
office in the said Township, the complaint flled
therein, within five days (exclusive of the day
of service), after the service on you of • this
summons— if served within the Township in
which this action Is brought; or, if served out
of said Township, but in said County, within
ten days; or within twenty days if served
elsewhere. - - . . ;
The said action is brought to obtain judg-
ment against you, defendant, and recover of
and from you, defendant, the sum of Two Hun-
dred and Twenty 44-100 Dollars (**a) 44100) al-
leged to be due by you, defendant, to plaintiffs
on a certain judgment made and entered by the
Justice of tho Peace, H. Goldnsr, Justice of the
Peace in and for No. One Township of Amador
County, State of California, on the ISth day of
July, 1893, in an action in said Justice Court of
No. One Township of Amador County, Cal.
Wherein Enrico Ginocchio and Alfonso Ginoc-
chio were plaintiffs and' you, W. S. Chapman,
was defendant together with legal interest and
for costs of suit as more fully appears by the
complaint on file herein, to which you are re-
ferred. . • • "./
And you are hereby notified that if you fall to
so appear and answer said complaint, as above
required, said plaintiffs will take judgment
against you, defendant, for the sum of $*» 44-
100 with legal interest from the time of the
tiling of plaintiffs complaint and for costs of
Make legal service and due return hereof, s
Given under my hand this 7th day of July,
1898.   ' Personal....'.' .-=...;
H. GOLDNER, I •
6-MOt" Justice of the Peace for said Township.
Dissolution of Co-Partnership
"VTOTICE IS. HEREBY GIVEN THAT
_L\ Anton Gagre, who has been doing business
with Ned B. Tarrasb, under the firm name and
style of Gagre & Tarrash, in the town of Jack-
son, county of Amador and State of California,
has this day sold his interest in the businessto
Peter Vusich, and the co-partnership hereto-
fore existing as aforesaid is therefore dissolved
by mutual consent.. The said business, which
will be known as the Olympus Cafe, will be
conducted in future by Ned. B. Tarrash and
Peter Vusich under the firm name and style of
Tarrash & Vusich. In testimony whereof the
parties interested heret«afflx their names.
Personal•;, NED 13. TARRASH,
PETER VUSICH,
ANTON GAGRE ' •
Dated at Jackson, Cal., May. 39.. 1900. 6-1-lm
••••♦•
Personal 1 a. Kent Personal
•UH §
2 Blacksmith J
• Wagonniaker and , •
• Horseshoer^r S
5 Y^ ARRIAOE P AIN TING ANDGEN- J
Z \_y eral Smithing attended to with dis- !
5 patch at reasonable rates. Wharft's old Z
Z stand. South Main street, Near National Z
{ Hotel, Jackson. . j J
•••••a
FIBE --rr- ACCIDENT Personal—— LIFE"
£ J. FQNTENROSE
General Insurance Agent „; Personal-
Personal'..., and Searcher of Records
Office Personal Marelia building, Court street. Jackson
'-- t  
I CREMATION I
|| Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association £|
6 San Francisco, California. £5
jg If deceased was a member of any organ 3S
55 iza'tion having a presiding officer and Si
A secretary, the charge for cremation, 4 =8
{^ copper receptacle for the ashes and or- »
8; gan service is *30. The same' for mem- »
gl bers of the family of such deceased. , »
0 ' .yV George E. Fletcher, Supt. 53
± Wl |3 MISCELLANEOUS. Personal.
>~ MM^MMIMI ; MM «»>»♦!
*^» - a* r,i ',''-
The chance' for cash buyers to double their money. . -
—2^- The Doors of the~^s=~-
JACKSON BAR6AINSTORE
. '.-'.*Personal...-.'•" •«, ?• •♦-,;«<.*. .<
Are now wide open. There's the $10,000 stock of the Peoples
Store of Santa Rosa on the counters and shelves
to be sold at half price.  \  . . .'
Dry^ Goods, Clothing, Millinery, Shoes, Etc.
All go without reserve or limit. Our prices will surprise
you. Qualities are the very best. .
' •- •  -• '- Personal " ">•-
DRY GOODS I SHOES
Cheaper than store-keepers can { Two pair for the price of one.
buy them. We bought them j How does that strike you? The
to sell at half price. Somebody j ' best kind of footwear. New
lost money— not you nor us—! styles, reliable • makes. Plenty
Personal ,.but everybody will save bigi for everybody.
money that comes here quickly, i
New Corded Lawn figured and | L » dies ' Kid Oxford Ties, patent
striped 4c per yard '' leather tiD s> coin toe, $1.25 qlty 750
Percale, 36 inch wide, good pat- j Ladies' Kid Personal Button or Lace •
.. . tern,,loc quality BJc per yd j Shoes, coin toe, $1 50 q'lity.9sc
Millinery ; clothing
Better hats than most milliners Honestly made, selling for the
can make if they charge you cost of the cloth. .We will pay
twice as much. All new. this j more ourselves when we go to
season. We intend to sell them buy again, but we bought this
in a hurry so come early and lot for less -than half, so come
• get first choice. '!.'--' I j and get them at these prices."
v %Personal I MeDB ' Cashmere Suits^ew pat- .Personal
lets. A $5.00 hat.... $2,501 terns, regular price $5, now $3.50
Rough Straw Sailor, $1.25 Mens' Cash more, pants, latest
> * kind > now • • • • 75c styles, usual $2.ooqualiiy . .$1.25
-^.THE JACKSON BARGAIN STORE;
DUpateh BuUding, Main Street, Jackson..
The place where one dollar buys as much as two elsewhere.
>•»•»«» »»»» ♦♦>• •••• ♦•>♦ »♦» — ♦»<» <»»<
Entirely New
Spring and Summer Goods
' /^ Silk Waist Patterns ;" ;£;
Corded Taffetas
Glavinovich Corded Madras .
PersonalPersonal o EALEK s lN Fancy Dry Good Notions
GEHtIRAI KERGHANDISI ,
. . Ladies', and Gents Footwear
•';; -X l Straw, Crash and Feit Hatsvj
*h «4» A full line of Children and fl
Youth's Suits-;
A.H.KUHLiHAN
Contractor and Builder
Will do work In any part of
Amador County. If you want
to build, send a note to Jackson
I Postoffice and I will call on you.
Estimates furnished without cost
on any kind of building. Will
make plans and specifications for
you. v v> mar2tf
I We Want
1 1 ' Responsible Agents
1 1 "|7OR OUR ENCYCLOPEDIAS, DIC-
,JJ tionaries. Histories and Standard '
1 1 Authors. All of our publications are In '
complete sets, handsomely bpund and '
1 1 ' illustrated and are sold on easy' instal-
ments or with Übepal discounts for
1 1 cash. -
For terms, prospectuses, etc.. write to
E. D. BEOKBON * CO.,
1 1 310 Phclan Building, San Francisco,
(| 8-25-ly California
\r**yyy?'yL f yi"i'ys"i^^i' '^rj '^^* iTJ^'^^'i'y n^^
ANTONE lIATTO
Carpenter and Contractor
ESTIMATES GIVEN ON ALL KINDS OF
work. Jobbing 'and repairing wprk at-
tended to promptly. Address *t Fregulla'a,
shop, Broadway, Jqckgon.
Addition
Choice lots in this sightly Addition^
for sale on terms to suit your own
gapje. Buy at once and secure the ;
fesf.' Tftjs is the coming Nob Hill
of jack§oii.
W. P. Peek, Owner, Jackson.'^;
PLYMOUTH-JACKSON
DAILY STAGE LINE
Leaves Plymouth 8Personal30 a. m.
Leaves Jackson 2Personal30 p. m.
JOHN STEINER, - Proprietor
A. LIEBHARDT
UPHOLSIERER AND CiPW
yyater Streef, Jackspfi
PARLOR SUITS LOUNGES AND MATr
tresses made to order and repaired. Car-
pet^taljen up and relaid.
E, MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Importud and Domestic
Wioes*Liquois*Qgais
JACKSON, CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon, White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bras '.
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries; Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wine 3; Dubos Freres,
CLUB* WHISKY, mram U WaTker l^nVLlm-
ited, Walljervnie, Ontario, Canada; John de
Ktriper & Zoon, Rotterdam, Gin; QilkaKuem-
tnef, from tPersonal A. Gifta; Berlin; Barthl6o»ay
Brewery Company, Rochester N. V., Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness'
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
Londop); Cantrell & Cpchrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ala; N^glee Brandy; Reimport e4 AmericanNATIVE DAUGHTERS OF THE GOLDEN
WEST GUESTS OF THE MOTHER PARLOR
Grand Parlor Session at
Jackson.
Grand Officers Have Been
Elected.
URSULA PARLOR NO. I, HIGHLY COMPLIMENTED
The Session An Impressive One.—
Jackson Extends A Hearty
Welcome.
 The preparations that Ursula Parlor
!No. 1, Native Daughters of the Golden
West, had been making for some days
declared complete by midday on
Monday and all was in readiness for
the fourteenth Grand Parlor session of
.the Order. The public halls were gaily
and tastefully decorated in the colors of
Personal the Order, and many prominent build
ings and private residences were elabor
ately festooned. The mining center of
the Mother Lode was ready to greet
and entertain the representatives of the
Native Daughters of the Golden West,
sent by their respective Parlors from
the four quarters of the State.
As the train rolled in to the lone
station, about 3 o'clock p. in. Monday,
.Judge R. C. Rust, Grand President of
'the' Grand Parlor Native Sons of the
- Golden West, proceeded to assign the
delegates carriages, which had been
provided by M. Newman, who had
charge of the transportation service,
and within a short time, all things
| considered, the I twelve-mile over-
Maud trip to Jackson was. begun. It
was a warm afternoon and tho dust was
lively, but the good natured delegates
stood the drive like heroines and ar
rived in Jackson wreathed in smiles
Personal and covered' with dust. Some one
! suggested that the dust they brought
in, if carefully panned out, would pay
the runningexpenses of the convention.'
Be that as it may, the serene good na
ture of our visitors under the fatiguing
ride, proved beyond cavil that they
Are as true as steel and as good as goldPersonal
Later in the evening the Jackson
Band gave an open-air concert and all
Jackson turned out- to welcome the
delegates, who wore soon made to feel
quite. at home, and entered into the
novelty of life in a mining camp with
right good will and royal good na
ture. Between times, however, a little
log rolling and lining up for the battle
of ballots to come later was indulged in
by, the masterful ones, who came here
to direct the deliberations of the august
assembly. Mrs. Ella Caminetti of
Ursula Parlor, wife of ex-Congressman
A. Caminetti, was freely discussed as a
candidate for Grand Vice President,
her ability to fill the high "office with
great honor being conceded by all.'
Owing to the ambition of Miss ' Laura
J. Personal Frakes of Amapola Parlor, Sutter
Creek, to fill the responsible position of
Grand Secretary, a cloud somewhat
bigger than a man's hand . threatened
to overshadow and obscure, if not to
totally eclipse, Mrs. Caminetti's chances
for election. Hence there were numer
ous groups of three or more earnestly
engaged in canvassing the situation.
At a late hour the contending factions
retired to sleep over the momentous
question.
Tuesday morning was as bright as a
dimpled cheeked haby, and the dele
gates were up betimes and exhibited no
signs of the vicissitudes of the day be
fore. It was then that an opportunity
afforded the writer hereof to closely
scan the faces of the distinguished dele
gates, and it did not take a second
glance to convince even a casual ob
server that some of California's bright
est women were in Jackson. Indeed, it
would be extremely difficult to assemble
together in this State, pr in any other,
a finer body of women.
I , A morning and afternoon session of the
Grand Parlor was held, during, which
which routine convention was disposed
of in a business like manner. " At 4
o'clock p. m. an adjournment was
taken, and preparations were made for
the public reception and collation to
take place in the evening.
Before the hour set for calling the
Grand Parlor of Native Daughters to
order Tuesday morning Webb Hall was
crowded by the delegates and their
friends. The intervening time was
taken up by making new and renewing
old acquaintances, admiring the decora
tions and other pleasant pastimes. • ; •
' " P-ipuepr Hall, which is in a basement
pf a qne-stpry buildipg vow occupied by
a dry goods firm, had been cleaned of
boxes and other things and the walls
and ceiling were tastefully decorated.
This room, which is sixty by twenty
five feet, is most interestingto the vis
itors, and great is the contrast between
the little basement room Miss Lillie O.
Reichling first met, on September 24,
1886, with her band of twenty young
ladies, and the sumptuous lodge rooms
of the many Parlors throughout the
State.
*f \i the morning session June 12th,
the following officers and committees,
were appointed Personal
Assistants to Marshal— Miss Mamie Kyau,
Verltas Parlor, No. 75, Merced; Miss Annie
Horan, Manzanlta, No. MO, Grass Valley.
Assistant Grand Secretary— Miss Amanda
Hammerley, Piedmont, No. 87, Oakland. , .
Credentials— Miss Mary Dempsey, Minerva
N0. 2, San Francisco; Miss Myrtle Lee,"Prin
cess, No. BJ, Angels Camp; Mrs. Liela Shaw,
Copra de Ora, No. 105, Hollister.
P.ress— Ml». Bellii W. Conrad, Dardanelles,
N«^o9, Sonora; Elizu D. Keith, Alta NoPersonal- 3, ' San
Francisco; Mrs. Ella Caminetti, Ursula, No. 1,
Jackson; Miss Lizzie Joses, Chispa No. 40)
Jone. . " " ..--,.
' JR«Septlpn-Hr6.J R«Septlpn-Hr6. Moljie FQlger, Ursula, Np. I,
Jackson; Miss Laura J. Frakes, Amapola, No.
80, Sutter Creek ; Miss Clorinda Cassinelli, Con
rad, No. 101, Volcano; Miss Irene Bennett,
Ju*ttU»iN9i 7?i Amwtor Citj; MJsa Llrsia
Joses, Chispa, No. 40. lone; Miss Clara Steiner,
Forrest. No. 86, i'lymouth.'T
Grand Organist— Miss Tillle Brohaska. Ven
dome, No. 100, San. Jose.
Finance— Miss Emma Bllka, Joaquin, No. 5,
Stockton; Miss Lula Shelton. Woodland No. Bo,
Woodland; Miss Lillian Versalovicn. Fremont,
No. 59. San Francisco. SF3B
Appeals and Grievances— Mrs. Tina L. Kane.
Ursula, No. 1. Jackson; Miss Carrie B. Durham,
Joaquin, No. 5, Stockton; Mrs. Kate Cooper,
Santa Cruz, No. 26, Santa Cruz; Mrs. Dora Wil
son, Bonita. No. 10, Redwood; Miss Harriet
Lee, No. 80, Woodland.
Petitions— Miss Lizzie Douglas, Alta No. 3,
San Francisco; Miss Lucy Hammersmith, Da
rina. No. 114, San Francisco; Miss Evelyn An
derson, Oro Fino, No. 9, San Francisco.
.Returns— Miss May B. Wilkin, Santa Cruz,
No. 28, Santa Cruz; Mrs. Delphi ft Schroder, Ala
meda, No. 18, Alameda; Miss Agnes Lee, San
Luiseta, No. 108, San Luis Obispo.
State of the Order- Miss Manna Borlolo, Ra
indna. No. 21, Martinez; Miss Genevleve Baker,
Buena Vista. No. 68, San Francisco; Mrs. Mary
Langford, No. 20, Eureka; Miss Alice Leland,
El Pajaro, No. s£ Watsonville; Mrs. W. A.
Nichols, California, No. 22, Sacramento.
Legislation— Mrs. Ella Caminetti, Ursula, No.
\, Jackson; Mrs. Arini Sterling, Alell, No. 102,
Salinas; Mrs. Mary Hampton, Dardanelles, No.
66, Sonora; Mrs. E. E. Lette, Woodland, No. 80,
Woodland; ' Miss Lizzie Hallaran, Sutter, No.
111, Sacramento. 
Ritual— Mrs. Marie Tillman, Minerva, No. 2,
San Francisco; Mrs. Tina L. Kane, Ursula, No.
1. Jackson; Mrs. Lena H. Mills, Joaquin, No. 5,
Stockton; Miss C. K. Wittenmeyer, Ramona,
No. 21, Martinez; Miss Maud Wood, Labandera,
No, 110, Sacramento.
Printing and Supplies— Mrs. ♦ Emma Gouber
Foley, Orinda, No. 58, San Francisco; Miss Rose
Day, Golden State; No. 50, San Francisco; Mrs.
Mollie Folger, Ursula, No. 1, Jackson.
Laws and Supervision— Miss Laura J. Frakes,
Amapola, No. 80, Sutter Creek; Mrs. Emma
Gett, California, No. 22, Sacramento; Miss Dora
Zmudowski, El Pajaro, No. 35, Watsonville;
Mrs. Harriet Lee, Woodland, No. 90, Woodland;
Miss Mary Myers, Alta. No. 3, San Francisco.
Transportation— Mrs. Bella W. Conrad, Dar
danelles, No. 68, Sonora; Mrs. Emma Barney,
Joaquin, No. 5, Stockton; Miss May Macßae,
Orinda, No. 58, San Francisco.
The afternoon session did not con
vene until 3 o'clock, through respect to
the memory of the late E. G. Freeman,
a pioneer citizen, whose funeral was
held that afternoon.
Invitations were read inviting the
Grand Parlor to hold its next session at
Sacramento and Yosemite.
A communication was read from Miss
Lillie Ov Reichling, founder of the Or
der, now in Germany. Also from Henry
Lundsted, in relation to Admission Day.
~,The , Committee 'of Native Sons on
Dormer monument, to cost $5,000, .wrote
soliciting aid from the Native Daugh
ters. A committee of seven was ap
pointed to act with the Native Sons in
this matter. . ',' .'.
S In the evening a public reception was
given in Webb Hall, at which the fol
lowing ' programme was rendered, to
gether with numerous selections by the
bandPersonal .'' ; ;
Address of welcome, by Judge R. C. Rust,
Grand President,' N, S. G. W. ; response, by
Mrs. Cora B. Sifford, Grand President, N. D. G.
W.; address, "California," by Miss Eliza D.
Keith; solo, Miss Daisy V. Littlefleld; duet,
Mrs. D. C. Chambers and Miss Thirza Faull;
presentation, Miss Daisy V. Littlefleld, Presi
dent Ursula Parlor No. 1. N. D. G. W. ; solo, Mrs.
P. Bos worth Alken; recitation, Miss Lillie
Peek. . ; ,
. The welcoming address of Superior
Judge Rust was received with applause.
Grand President Mrs. Cora B. Sifford,
in responding, took occasion to sayPersonal
The heart of every daughter who has been
privileged to be present during the session
should swell with pride at the welcome received
from the whole-souled citizens of Jackson. I
had hoped that when the Grand Parlor at Jack
son shall have passed into history, that its
memories shall ever linger among those that
are treasured most dear.
The presentation to the retiring
Grand President consisted of a magnifi
cent silver service of thirty pieces.
Miss Daisy Littlefield, President of the
local parlor, made the presentation
speech.
The exercises were followed by a
banquet at Love's Hall, to which all
pioneer mothers and fathers were in
vited. Three hundred covers were laid
for the guests. The tables were artis
tically decorated with flowers and
ferns, wreaths, streamers and banners
of the colors of the order decorating
the walls and chandeliers.
Reports from the grand officers show
the" Grand Parlor to be flourishing.
The report of ths Grand Secretary
shows a membership June 30, 1899, of
3,654; money on hand June 7, $4,682;
sub-parlors, $17,845. The sum of
$3,990 has been paid in sick benefits.
The Grand Treasurer's report shows a
gain of $599.95.
WEDNESDAY MORNING.
The resolution to change the day of
meeting of Grand Parlor was not
adopted. The Grand Parlor will con
tinue to meet the second Tuesday in
June.
Memorial Day was changed to the
first Sunday in May.
Tho resolution •to create a second
Grand Vice-President was lost.
Grand Secretary Mrs. Georgie Ilyan,
after eleven years of faithful service,
was elected to a life membership of the
Grand Parlor.
AFTER.NQQN.
Resolution of I thanks was passed to
Mr. Ernest Stock, fraternal reporter of
the "Call", for his interest in the
order.
Gilroy sent in a petition asking for
the next Grand Parlor.
A resolution was adopted that this
Grand Parlor send a petition to the
legislators of our State asking them to
use their best endeavors to preserve
the Big Trees of Santa Cruz county.
A resolution to make officers in sub
ordinate Parlors serve full terms as
third, 'second and fjrst President- before
they can be elected President pf the
Grand Parlor was lost.
A letter is to be sent to the founder
of the order, Miss Lilly O. Reichling,
who is at present in Berlin, wishing
her God speed on her journey and a
safe return.
At 3 p. m. the Grand Parlor ad
journed to .visit the Zeila mine. In the
evening, Ursula Parlor No. 1, exempli
plied the work' 1 in ''V^ebb Hall, "all visit
ing delegates being present."' Tiie work"
pf exemplifying the' Ritual wss highly
cpm mended by all who witnessed it, /
During the evening the Jackson Band
discoursed excellent music from the
Dispatch, porch. Tho evening was
THE AMADOU LEDGERPersonal JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAYi JUNE 15, 1900.
quite cool, but the streets were thronged
until a late hour. All day lecturing
has been in full blast by the opposing
factions over the selection of First
Grand Vice President, and the lobby
ing and logrolling will grow warmer
until the vote of Friday decides the
important question.
THURSDAY MORNING.
The forenoon session disposer of the
question as to where tho next meeting
would be held, Sacramento gaining the
coveted honor. Many speeches were
made in favor ql Yosemite, Gilroy
and San Luis Obispo. A motion to
establish a scholarship at Mills Semi
nery was carried. The rest of the
forenoon was taken up with changing
and rectifying tho Grand Lodge laws.
Refreshments wore served by members
of Ureula Parlor. Grand officers will
be nominated this afternoon. .'- -
AFTERNOON.
Resolution of respect in memory of
Sister Lillian Carle was adopted by a
rising vote of the Parlor. A commun
ication from Grand Marshal Costello,
N. S. G. W., asking the N. D. G. W.
to give their assistance toward cele
brating Admission Day in San Fran
cisco was read. It was the voice of the
Grand Parlor that the matter be left
to the subordinate Parlors.
A communication feom Santa Cruz
Parlor, addressed to the Grand Parlor
N. D. G. W., was read to the effect
that members be not allowed to give up
their individual badges at the usual
Admission Day celebrations. That the
use of guest badges be abolished, as the
Order of Native Daughters suffer to an
irreparable degree through their indis
criminate Use..
A resolution to place in the jewel
room of the San Francisco Museum the
Golden Key presented to the Grand
Parlor by the Miners and Citizens of
Tuolumne was carried.
An invitation from Excelsior Parlor
to attend the Grand Ball, Friday even
ing, was accepted with thanks.
After interesting remarks by sev
eral delegates relative to the good of
the order and what subordinate Par
lors can do for their respective com
mittees, adjournment was had until
evening.
THURSDAY EVENING.
Parlor called to order at 8 o'clock
and after several nominating speeches
a vote was taken for the office of Grand
Vice President, Mrs. Genevieve Baker
being elected by thirteen votes. At 10
o'clock Parlor adjourned, the delegates
being escorted to V school grounds,
where they were entertained by a mas
terly cake walk by the little folks and
an artistic Poppy Drill by 16 members
of Ursula Parlor. Between 1500 and
2000 people were present. All were
well pleased with the entertainment.
FRIDAY ' MORNING.
Grand Parlor met at 10 o'clock and
proceeded without delay to elect the
following officersPersonal
Grand President — Mrs. Ema Gett,
Califia, Sacramento.
 Grand Vice President— Mrs. Genev
ieve Baker, Buena Vista, San Fran
cisco.
Grand Secretary — Miss Laura J.
Frakes, Amapola, Sutter Creek,
Grand Treasurer — Miss Zmudowsky,
El Pajaro, Watsonville. ..'.'j 0.,{
Grand Marshal, Miss Amanda Ham
merley,* Piedmont, Oakland. Grand
Inside Sentinel, Mi's. Dora Wilson;
Grand Outside Sentinel, Mrs. A.
Sterling; Grand Trustees, Miss Hattie
Lee, Mrs. Emma O'Connor, Mrs. Mary
J. Langford, Mrs. Fay Peabody and
Mrs, Tburbach.
The Freedom of the City.
During the Reception, Judge Rust
presented the following deed to the
Grand President of the Grand ParlorPersonal
Deed Granting the Freedom of the
City of Jackson to Grand Parlor, N. D.
G. W. This indenture made this 12th
day of June, A. D. 1900, between R. C.
Rust as Judge of the Superior Court
of the county of Amador, State of Cal
ifornia, party of the first part, and the
members of the Grand Parlor of the
Native Daughters of the Golden West
in Grand Parlor assembled, the parties
of the second partPersonal Witnesseth, That
the party of the first part for and in
consideration of the desire of the .resi
dents of the town of Jackson to add to
the pleasure and comfort of their guests
and to make their visit one to be long
and pleasantly remembered, does here
by grant to the said parties of the
Second part the freedom' pf said town
of Jackson and all the pleasure they
can find therein. ,i ;. • ; "
Together with all the marriageable
young men therein and their hearts
most profound affections, John
Strohm's Ice Works and Tom Nor
man's Soda Factory and the privilege
of running the Globe, "National and
Central Hotels at their own sweet wills.
To have and to hold said premises,
together with the appurtenances here
in above mentioned until and including
the 15th day of June, A. D. 1900.
In witness whereof the said party of
the first part has hereunto set his
hand the day and year first above
written. R. C. Rust,
Judge qf the Superior
Court of Amador Co,
AttestPersonal C. L. Culbert, Clerk,
By B. R. Breese, Deputy Clerk,
Entertaining.
The children of the M. E. Sunday
School entertained a large audience
last Sunday evening. The programme
was of interest throughout. The
church was profusely derorated for the
occasion. The little ones acquitted
themselves well, and received much
merited praise from the officers pf the
school and the pastqr' pf the church.
The music by the choir was exception
aly pleasing.'
Officer! Elected,
The following officers were elected
for the ensuing term for Excelsior
Parlor No. 31, N. S. G. W.
PastPres.,C. B. Arditto; Pres., E,
G.Turner; First Vice, C. M. Smith;
Second Vice, Robt. I. Kerr; Third
Vice, J. A. Cademartori; Marshal,
WYD,. Cofer; Re'c. Sec., B.R. Breese';
Fin. Sec., C.'lt, Kelieyj Treasurer, H.
Q. Garbarinij Triistee, A. L Stewart!
To Let.
A six-room house and barn, about a
quarter of a mile from the Zeila mine.
, Apply «t this office. o-18-lmo
WORK ON THE LODE MINES
A Change at the Spagnoli
Mine.
DIAMOND DRILLS USELESS fIT THE LIGHTNER
The Spotted Fawn Recently Sold.—
Personal  Amador Men Personal Purchase the
 Mt Pleasant.
Amador King— Jackson.
Drifting still continues for the ledge
at the Amador King. After this week
three shifts will be put ou and the work
carried forward with extra vim.
Kirkwo od— Jackson.
Nearly all the stock of the Kirkwood
Mining Co. has been taken and prepa
rations are being made for develop
ment work on an extensive scale.
Hobart O. M. Co.— Clinton.
The Spagnoli mine at Clinton passed
into tho full control of the Hobart Gold
Mininu Company, June Ist., Mr. S. G.
Spagnoli, from whom it was bonded,
having received payment in full. The
work has been' temporarily suspended
preparatory to arranging for syste
matic development work.' A mill will
probably be put up in the near future.
Feerlen— Jackson.
The usual activity obtains at the
Peerless mine, and the outlook is very
encouraging. The Company is now
advertising for bids for sinking one
hundred feet deeper. All interested
are very much pleased with tho work
that has been done and with tho pros
pects, i'isi.r-f'/s-
Lincoln— Sutter Creek.
Rock from. the Lincoln mine is being
crushed at a neighboring mill, and the
result, as a matter of course, i>< anxious
ly -looked for by those interested.
That the Lincoln is destined to take its
place among dividend payers seems to
be considered a matter of course by
those in a position to judge.
Central Eureka— Sutter.
Supt. Thomas of the Central Eureka
mine is hurrying the work forward on
the 20-samp mill with all the dispatch
possible and if no ill luck occurs to re
tard the construction, stain ps will be
dropping next month. . •>  ".;•
Oneida— Jackson Gate.
, Supt. Truscott is a very" busy man,
but he finds time to look after every de
tail of the important work being done at
the Oneida , mine. . The 60-stamp mill
in process of construction is gradually
growing into what will bo one of the
finest and most modern quartz mills in
the State. Other work at the old and
new shafts is progressing satisfactorily.
Other. Mines-
The Kennedy, Argonaut and Zeila
mines are producing as usual, and work
at the South Eureka is in full blast.
From Amador City, Plymouth and
other points in the county where min
ing is being done, good reports are re
ceived, also from the Gwin of Calaveras
Amador Queen No. I— Jackson.
While crosscutting north at the 500
level a large body of good ore was re
cently .encountered in the Amador
Queen No. 1. The rock is said to run
from three to thirty-five a ton. . Supt.
Dye is to be heartily congratulated.
CALAVERAS COUNTY-
CitizenPersonal The shaft in the Angels
mine, the property of J. V. Coleman of
San Francisco, is to be sunk a couple of
hundred feet deeper, and work has al
ready been commenced.
After drilling about 120 feet to tap
the water in an old shaft of the Angels
mine,' the Lightner Company has given
up the job, as a formation was en
countetfPt' through ! which the dia
mond drill would not pass.
ChroniclePersonal- The water is all out of
the Lockwood mine and sinking has
been commenced. We are informed
that the ledge in tho bqttom exceeded
expectations and that the company
(The Grasshopper Gold -Mining C 0.,)
will continue to sink 300 feet deeper
which will make the shaft about 700
feet deep. .
At the Lone Star work of sinking
the shaft is progressing rapidly under
a contract. It is the intention of the
company to sink the shaft to a depth
of 500 feet below tho bed of the Mokel
umne River. Supt. Pugh is still look
ing after the same company's mining
interests in Nevada but will return
here soon. . •
Geo. J. Congdon, operator of the
Endora mine, has purchased the re
maining half interest in that property
and ia preparing to push operations
with renewed vigor.;' A report of this
mine was published in a previous issue
of the Chronicle. A winze is now be
ing sunk on the ledge which will open
up the lead and enable him to take out
a large body of ore. As sinking pro
gresses the ledge increases in width.
The latest reports from the French
Hill tunnel are very gratifying. The
vein which was at first believed to be
only nine feet wide has proved; to be
fully eighteen feet" in 'width, and ' the
rock is' of such a character as to no
longer leave any dqubt regarding the
value of the property. The qre pros
pects well/ju free gold and carries a
large percentage of very high grade
sulphurets, some of which will go, ac
cording to a conservative estimate, as
high as $900 to tho ton. The ledge is
not pockety, but on the contrary, it is
almost impossible to sort out one por
tion of rock that has a belter 'appear^
ance'than the other, * and in short it
has that pernianency" o,f character
which distinguishes ih!e Qre of our most
successful deep mines In this county
and also in Amador and Tuolumne.
The work of trying to tap the old
works of the Fox mine with a diamond
, drill, (or the purpose of d. raiding them
of their water, has been suspended by
the Lightnor "r" r Mining Company of
Angels Camp for the present, on ac
count of hard rock encountered which
will not yield to the action of the drill.
The boring was prosecuted to a depth
of 140 feet and this hole will now be
followed for its full length with a drift
after which the drill will again be put
into operation until the works are
struck. ;>T Personal .
TUOLUMNE COUNTY
IndependentPersonal; The Spotted Fawn
mine situated near the Keltz and owned
by Wheaton and Garrett has been sold
to Chas. W. Kriox, late "super" of the
Mt. Lily, who will put a force of men
to work at once. The five stamp mill
will also be pounding away on ore in a
day or two. Mr. Knox has had a force
of men for the past two weeks extract
ing samples of ore from the famous old
Riverside mine (the history of which,
it will be remembered, contained many
bright pages,) with the view, we pre
sume, of bonding the same.
The 10-horee. power donkey engine
which has been placed on the Dondero
mine at Yankee Hill has been tested
and gives satisfaction in every particu
lar. G. H.' Butzback our all-around
mechanic, put it in position. _' ;
. New EraPersonal. ,-All differences . between
the owners of the Longfellow mine and
Sierra Gorda Union are at an end. The
strike resulted in practically a complete
victory for the miners. ' 
High grade ore j and plenty of it is
the rule in the mine on Provost Moun
tain owned by Messrs. Bohls, Fass and
Bingham. ' The shaft is down 60 feet
and shows 6 feet of splendid quartz in
the bottom said to be worth $50 a ton.
The Slap Jack, two miles east of
Groveland, will resume operations in
three weeks. It is being equipped with
machinery from the Big Betsy.
Sinking in the Pauper's Dream shaft
now nearly 500 feet deep, goes '. steadily
on night and day. There are nine
miners employed at the work, three on
each shift. .- , - ;
The Mississippi at Big Oak Flat
closed down Saturday of' last week,
throwing twenty-five men out of em
ployment. A considerable . portion of
these have been given work at the
Longfellow. .
Mr.' Jas. Hamilton' of . Sonora, the
well-known - mill wright, has taken
charge of the. Hazel Dell, in place of
W. J. Morse,- who has become interest
ed in the oil business and gone to
Fresno county.
Four feet of good milling ore has
been struck in the Blue Bird, after
driving only 10 feet from the point
on the vein where work was discon
tinued by the Bodie Standard Com
pany. The latter threw up the bond
last fall. The Blue Bird is one mile
west of the Buchanan and is owned by
Glosser& Curtis.' •
EL DORADO COUNTY.
Mountain DemocratPersonal The purchase
of the Mt. Pleasant mine owned by the
Brown Bros.,- of Amador county, is
good* news for the county and for
Grizzly Flat. It means a lively future.
For reasons not apparent to outsiders,
but doubtless known to the purchasers,
one of whom was an engineer for Its
former owners and operators, it was
closed down about three months ago
on $16 rock. Once before it was
abandoned by. its owners, who after
wards took from it $400,000 pending
suits for its possession and ownership.
In the litigation involving its title and
revenues, the editor of this paper be
camo familiar. with its history and has
a well-grounded knowledgeof its value.
The smoke-stacks have been twice re
moved from it, but not the "chimneys"
one of which was a bonanza.
Not an Exolusive and Dreu Affair.
An erroneous impression has . gone
out relative to the Grand Ball to be
given this evening by Excelsior Parlor
N. S. G. W., in honor of our dis
tinguishes visitors. The platform will
be free to all who attend, irrespective
of fraternal organizations. While the
ball is in honor of the Native Daughters
and given by the Native Sons, still it is
for the general dance enjoying public,
and the Grand March will be partici
pated in by all present who desire to do
so. The '.Ledger is j authorized to
make this announcement by the Grand
President of the Grand Parlor himself,
and by the President of Excelsior Par
lor,' both gentlemen being careful to
state that the ball is not to be exclusive
in any respect, nor a dress affair, but
simply a real, old-fashioned . jolly dance
after the good old custom so long in
vogue in all well regulated mining
camps. Turn out, then, everybody
and enjoy the greatest affair of the
kind ever given in. this county.
Early Morning Wedding.
At 4 o'clock a,, m. Thursday morn
ing a sumptuous wedding breakfast
was sorved at the Badaracco residence,
and partaken of by near neighbors and
intimate friends. Two hours later the
party repaired to tho Catholic church
in Jackson where Rev. Father Gleeson
united in marriage Mr. Marion Barsi
and Miss Julia Badaracco. Immediate
ly after the ceremony the newly wedded
departed, midst a shower of rice and
flowers, for lone en route to San Fran
cisco and other points on the coast.
The best wishes of many friends go
with them.
teg Broken.
James Le Foy of Jackson, " had one
of his legs broken at the Sheep Ranch
mine on Thursday o,r Friday of last
week., He was taken to the city, we
believe, for treatment. His mother
works in the Gwin, mine boarding
house.
Baaseball Postponed.
Owing to lack of opportunity to
practice this week on the part'pf the
Jackson teaiq, | (he baseball ga.me be
tween Amadqr City a.nd Jackson for
$100 a side, has been postponed to June
24th, one week from next Sunday.
The game will be played in Fullen's
Grove.
Daniel Odgers, Suttor Creek, is agent
for the Warrington Woolen" and
Worsted Mills. % He. ' bas over 4QO
styles of cloth to shoW. '' W^mq
DEATH OF E. G. FREEMAN
*A Prominent Pioneer Laid
Away.
MISS JJ.G.VANDERPOOL AND E.G. PHILLIPS
Obituaries of the Unfortunates Recent
ly Drowned In the Cosumnes
River. >;i;
In 1897 E. G. Freeman's health began
to fail. During that year accompanied
by Mre. Freeman, he visited Eastern
friends and made an extended tour
throughout the Atlantic co&st States.
Since then be has made repeated visits
to San Francisco and other points on
the Pacific coast, invariably accom
panied by Mrs. Freeman. His health,
however, gradually grew worse, and
about a month ago the death javelin
was hurled and no man knew it any
better than Mr. Freeman himself, but
true to his nature, that of a strong,
self-contained, unmurmuring individual
he made no sign and kept up his spirits
to the very last. There was no earthly
help, and on Satuaday last, June 9th,
he breathed his last, aged about 70
years. His funeral which was attended
by the prominent citizens of Jackson,
was under the auspices of the .Ancient
Order of United Workmen and the In
dependent Order of Odd' Fellows ac
companied by a delegation from the
Lodge of Rebekahs. At the late resi
dence of deceased, on Court street, at
2Personal30 p. m. Tuesday, June 12th, services
were held, Rev. F. A. Morrow, pastor
of the M. E. Church, officiating. The
services were very impressive. A large
procession followed the remains to the
Protestant cemetery, where solemn
burial services were held by the A.
O. U. W. and I. O. O. F. Lodges, dur
ing which the Rebekah representatives
sang an appropriate Ode. ' At the close
of the ceremonies above mentioned,
Mr. Hiram Deacon, a pioneer of Sutter
Creek, stepped forward, and as a friend
of deceased of long standing, delivered
a few feeling and most appropriate re
marks. It seemed eminently fitting
and just that over the grave of a friend
a loving and respecting survivor should
speak as Hiram Deacon did. It would
be well if such a custom prevailed the
world over.
E. G. Freeman was born in New
York City, but his parents moved to
New Haven, Conn., when he was quite
young. In Jjily, 1852,- he landed in
San Francisco and soon after came to
Amador county and began mining near
Amador City. Later he tried his luck
in Volcano, on the Mokelumne river,
near White's Bar, and again in Ama
dbVCity. In 1854 he gave up the at
tempt of wrenching gold from Mother
Earth and started the harness business
in Jackson, meeting with good success.
In 1861 he married Miss Georgiana
Fritz, of Baltimore, Md., who bore
him two 60ns, E. A. and Clarence W.
both residents of Jackson. I
The fire of 1862 destroyed his store
and contents and his dwelling house, a
great loss as he had no insurance. See
ing all of his belongings in ashes, he
went to Sacramento intending to en
gage in the real estate business with
his brother-in-law, J. G. McCallum,
who was then United States Land
Agent. He changed his mind, how
ever, and resumed the harnoss busi
ness in Jackson, a few years later add
ing a general variety store, which he
owned at the time of his death. He
was left a widower in 1869, and in 1876 he
married Mrs. Martha Louisa Trow
bridge, who was then living in Amador
City with her sister, Mrs. James Taylor,
and who survives him. Two children
were the result of his second marriage,
Charles H. and Florence Pearl, both
living at the family residence. De
ceased also leaves two sisters, Mrs. Mc-
Callum of Los Angeles, and Mrs, Ellis
Burwell of Fresno.
E. G. Freeman was a man of sterling
character and indomitable persever
ance and will power. He had the
courage of his convictions, and was not
afraid to express himself on any and'all
occasions. He was a stanch Republi
can at all times, and during the trying
period of the civil war frequently had
his nerve severely tested, but he never
wavered. For a long time he was
Chairman of the ißepublican County
Central Committee and rendered effici
ent service to the party. He lived in
this community nearly fifty years,
raised a fine family, and died respected
and honored by all *who know him.
His life was an open book. lie was
square, upright and decisively a man
of. principle and possessed of the
stamina to maintain ' his position of
right no matter who assailed it. Ama
dor county has lost one of its ablest
and best citizens in the death of E. G.
Freeman.
Obituary.
Jennie May Cleveland Vanderpool,
youngest child of Mr. and Mrs. H.
Vanderpool, was born in Spring Val
ley, September 18th, 1876. As her
brothers and sisters were a]{ nearly
grown, the next youngest being just
eleven years older, the "baby" was
naturally the pet of the family. The
little one was taught at home until
thirteen years of age, at tha.t time be
ing on a visit to her sister, Mrs. Smith
of Shena.ndpah. She entered the
Williams school, graduating five years
la.ter from, the Plymouth school, and
began her duties as a teacher in Spring
Valley on attaining her eighteenth
birthday. After two years in this ca
pacity Miss Vandorpool entered Atkin
son's Business College of Sacramento
in 1896, graduating therefrom in the
following year with high honors and at
once took a position with Hale Bros. &
Co; as' assistant cashier and steno
grapher. She served them faithfully
and efficiently for a year and a half, at
which time she was forced to resign
through ill health, the result of over
work. A rest at her home was of such
benefit that she was soon able tq ac
cept the Spring Valley for the
term just ended. She * was greatly be
lqved by her "pupils who will long
mdUr'n the lobs oi their teacher. She
early manifested a deeply religious na
ture', at her own request' she was pre
s«ute.d/JEg_r5 «ute.d/JEg_r baptism, lad. became a mom
ber of the Methodist Episcopal church
before she was ten years of age. At
fifteen she was received into the Fret;
Methodist church on probation and in
all ways was a faithful follower of the
Savior. Among her associates her
brightness and lovable disposition made
her a great favorite, and her early
death will be keenly regretted by ail
who knew her. Of unusual mental at
tainments, with a bright future before
her, hard indeed it is to understand
why she should have been taken. But
out of the troubled waters, where her
young life went out, her pure soul rose
unaffrighted to meet its Maker. And
though .we must mourn our loss, yet
we can but know that all is well with
her. She leaves besides the hosts of
friends who loved her, her parents
Mr. and Mrs. Vanderpool, two broth
ers, J. A. Vanderpool of Sutter Creek
and J. A. Vanderpool of Plymouth,
two sisters, Mrs. Corrinne V. Smith of
Shenandoah Valley and Mrs. Louise
V. Zeigler of Bristol, Indiana. Ser
vices to her memory -were held last
Sunday evening in the Methodist Epis
copal church, South, of Sacramento,
Rev. C. E. Vaughan pastor, she hav
ing been a member of that congrega
tion during her life in that city.
Charles Edwin Phillips was born in
Knox county, Missouri, on March 17,
1878, being the youngest child of Rev.
and Mrs. S. H. Phillips. The family
came to this State in 1884, settling in
Shenandoah, where Charlie received
his early education. In 1895 he re
moved to Sacramento with his parents,
but was still regarded as one of our
Shenandoah boys. In Sacramento he
completed his, school course and took
up the study 'of Pharmacy. . He had
been for some time in the employ of
Ing & Allee as a clerk and was intend
ing at the end of this vacation to enter
the State College of Pharmacy, where
a four months' course would complete
his studies. He came to Plymouth on
Sunday, June 3d, for a visit to his
brothers. He was one of a merry
party that left town for a fishing ex
cursion and in a few short hours youth,
ambition and life were blotted out in
the cruel waters. He was a member of
the Christian church, in which his
father was a minister. He was very
popular both in Plymouth and Sacra
mento and his loss will be deeply
mourned. He leaves his parents, Rev.
and Mrs. S. H. Phillips of Sacramento,
two brothers, W. B. and Jasper H.
Phillips of. Ply mouth, two sisters, Mrs.
Mollie S. Gillum of Missouri and Mrs.
Retta E, Brown of Shenandoah.
The funerals took- place last Thurs
day afternoon; a large concourse had
assembled to pay the last sad tribute of
respect tflthe dead, the M. E. church
where the services wore held being
more than filled. The services were
conducted by Rev. C. H. Darling, as
sisted by Rev. Mr. Haddox of the Free
Methodist church of Sacramento and
Rev. A. J. Case of Amador City. The
pulpit and organ were draped in white
and wreathed with green foliage; a
multitude of flowers covered the cas
kets and the bodies were laid to rest
in graves made beautiful with white
and green. . Peace to their dust and to
the aching hearts of the mourners the
consolation that cometh of God.
M. S. D.
LOCAL NOTES.
- . 
Brief local News Items Found In Out
Note Book.
Stockton's Free Street Fair will
begin June 26th.
Men's dress shoes $1.25 a pair at the
Red Front. 6-8-tf
J. D. Perkins of lone was in town
Tuesday.
Six ladies vests for 25 cents at the
Red Front. 6-8-tf
Miss ' Hilda Clough returned from
Denver last week.
Mrs. Weller employes the only city
milliner in town. 5-4- tf
 Mrs. Carrie Brasher came up from
lone Tuesday evening.
Six pair ladies no-seam hose for 25
cents at the Red Front. 6-8-tf
Lee Langford oK^Bucna Vista visited
the county seat this week.
Mrs. Wellcr's for stylo and beauty in
hats and dresses. 5-4-tf
In the game of baseball last Sunday
between the Milton and San Andreas
clubs the latter team won.
Another supply^of olives just received
at A. B. Camiuetti's Central Market.
6-8-1 mo
Mrs. W. H. Heffreu of lone has been
visiting Mr. and Mrs. J. Quirolo the
pa3t week.
Twenty dozen men turkey-red hand
kerchiefs. Six for 25 cents (large size.)
White House, 6-8-tf
An itinerant painter has uniquely
and artistically adorned tho front of
Keagle's saloon.
Pioneer FLQUR always has been
and still is the best. 4-6tf*
On Wednesday morning heaven's
artillery fired a salute and sprinkled
tho lone road. Amen!
You can always get strictlj first-class
fresh fish the year round at A. B. Gam
inetti's Central Market. 6-8-tf
Among the visitors to Jackson, Tues
day evening, was W. A Bennetts of lone
who favored this office with a friendly
call.
If you want s.well hats, go to tho city
trimmer at Mrs. Welter's. " 5-4-tf
U. D. G. Spagnoli has returned from
San Francisco, and has taken a posi
tion in his father's drug store.
Give us, daily som.e good bread.
neer Flour makes the best. 4-6-tf*
Mrs. Mary Evans was taken quite ill
last Monday morning, and has been
confined to her room all the woek. She
is now convalescent.
Pioneer Flour is the "Lily of the
Valley," the "Pearl of Perfection." *
— A team from the Masonic Lodge of
Jackson went to Nokelumne Hill Tues
day evening of last week, and conferr
ed the Third degree upon Joseph
Pattee.
Jackson Cash Grocers carry the fresh
est crackers and fancy cakes. 4-b-lm
Tho bankrupt sale of Geo. Newman 's
stock was lively for the first day and
evening. The store could not hold tho
customers, and the doors had to be
locked frequently.
Three pair full finished ladies stock
ings for 25 centsj White House. 6-8-tf
At a special meeting of the directors
of the Peerless Gold Mine Development
Co., held last Monday afternoon, tho
Superintendent was instructed to call
for bids to sink the shaft 100 feet
deopor. See notice elsewhere in this
issue.
The undersigned has three or four
very desirable resident lots for sale.
Terms reasonable. Call on or address
Mrs. E. Stasal,
5-11-ot Jackson, Cal.
Mitchell, aged 3 months, son of Jas
per Lovrovich of Jackson Gate, was
buried today. Funeral at Catholic
church at 11 a. m«
. # In.stit\a.te.
THE AFFLICTED FROM ALL PARTS OF
California and the Paolnc Coast are com-
ing dally to Sacramento to avail themselves of
Dr. Neagle's wonderfully successful treat-
ments. Dr. Neagle has devoted over thirty
years to the study and treatment of diseases of
the. eye, ear, head, throat and lungs and the -
digestive organs. By his peculiarly successful
methods of treatment Dr. Neagle has gained an
enviable reputation for his skill In the cure of
such cases as have resisted the ordinary modes
of treatment.
Dr. Neagle and associates treat and cure all
Chronic Diseases and Diseases of the Eye, Ear,
Throat and Lungs. Liver, Heart, Kidney, Blad-
der, Brain, Catarrh, Asthma. Rheumatism,
Bronchitis, Headaobe, Deafness, Chills and
Malaria, Skin Diseases, Neuralgia. Diabetes,
Dyspepsia, Dropsy, Eczema, Scrofula, Chronio
Diarrhea, Hemorrhoids and Rectal Troubles,
and all forms of Sores, Blood and Wasting
Diseases.
AU private and wasting diseases promptly
cured and their effects permanently eradicated
from the system.
Diseases of women and children given special
attention.
Nervous diseases and nervous prostration
made a specialty.
Symtom Blank No. 1 sent free.
Consultation, either at the Institute or by
mail, free and strictly confidential. -
Office Hours— 9 to 11 a. m., 2toS p. m., and
ItoBp. m. Sundays— lo to 12 a. m.
Sacramento Sanitarium or Neagle Insti-
tute located permanently at 724K X St., Sac-
ramento. - 5-18-lm
The public reception in Webb Hall
and banquet in Love Hall, Tuesday
night, proved to be all that could have
been reasonably expected, even by
those inclined to criticise.
Six pair mens no-seam socks for 25
cents at the Red Front. 6-8-tf
A match game of baseball will be
played at the Italian picnic grounds 'on
the 24th of this month between the
Jackson and Amador City clubs. A
hot game is looked for.
St. Augustine's Guild will meet next
Wednesday afternoon, at 2 o'clock,
with Mrs. G. A Waltenspeil.
Look out for the sale of ladles white
goods at the Red. Front Saturday,
June 9th. 6-8-tf
Charles Freeman went to Sacramento
for a few days' visit yesterday.
Ladies' white muslin chemise, 45 cts.
each at the Red Front. 6-8-tf
The two Grand Presidents of the
Order, Judge R. C. Rust and Mrs. 
Emma Gett, will lead the Grand March
at the Grand Ball to-night.
Ladies' dress shoes, $1.25 a pair at
the Red Front. 6.8-tf
, Do not forget the grand ball to be
given by the Plymouth Hook & Ladder
Co., June 23d. The committee promis
es all who attend a good time and they
always keep their promise.
Ladies' white muslin chemise, 46 cts.
each at the Red Front. 6-8-tf
To Children, "Those that seek God
early shall find Him." Evening sub
ject at M. E. Church, June 17. Morn
ing subject, "There are people who act
like devils in the home circle, and like
saints in public."
Ladies' white muslin umbrella draw
ers with embroidery or lace, 45 cts. a
pair at the Red Front. 6-8-tf
Assessor Jack Marchant and Deputy
Geo. F. Mack are well along with the
work. Townships 2, 3, 4 and 5 are
practically finished, and No. 1 could be
finished next week if the property own
ers would come in with the blanks that
have been sent to them.
Ladies' white muslin umbrella draw
ers with embroidery or lace, '4s cts. a
pair at the Red Front. 6-8-tf
Actors can tell of many diverting ex- .
periences in their career, and the re
cent volume on "The Kendals, " \jy T.
Edgar Pemberton, contains many good
stories related by the two noted English
players. The biography is reviewed at
length in the Argonaut for Juno 18,
I'JOO, and a number of the anecdotes re
printed.
A full line of delicacies and 'fruits of
the season can always be found at the
Central Market. We are leaders. A.
B. Caminetti. 6-8-lt
The funeral of the late Mrs. Virginia
Trabucco was held in the Catholic
church Thursday morning at 10Personal30,
Rev. Father Gleason officiating. De
ceased was a native of Italy, aged 33
years. She leaves a husband and fire
children to mourn the sad loss of a lov
ing wife and fond mother. Interment
in the Catholic cemetery.
Ladies' Oxford Ties, 50 cents a pair
at the Red Front. 6-8-tf
Mr. Peter Zappettinl of San Fran
cisco, attended the Italian picnic, and
enjoyed the banquet in the evening at
Marre's, given by the Society to vis
itors from Frisco and a few of the Jack
son people. Mr. Zappettini represents -
Fugazi & Co. of San Francisco, and
has been with the firm for 11 years.
Mrs. Zappettini will visit her people at
Volcano for several months. Mr. Zap
pettini returned to San Francisco Sat
urday last.
Tho White House has concluded
to stay and decided to sell cheaper
than ever. Prices will rule especially
amounts for cash. 6-8-tf
In the Oakland High School there
were ten pupils who were so perfect in
thoir studies that they were permitted
to graduate without final examination.
Among the number is Miss Clare An
durson of Jackson, who is now receiv
ing the congratulations of her friends.
The Republican meeting at Angeles
having been postponed, Senator Davis
will, at the request of the Butte county
Republicans, address the mass meeting 1
at Biggs on Saturday, the 23d, to rati
fy the renomination of Wm. McKinley
for President.
J. P. Little, principal of the Plym
outh school, accompanied by his son
Ernest, visited the county seat Wed
nesday and Thursday.
Scalded by Steam.
Mrs. John Forbes who resides hear
Jackson, was quite severely scalded on
the face and hands last Monday. At
first it was feared the sight of both
eyes had been destroyed, . but Dr.
Kndicott says the sight has not been
injured. Mrs. Forbes took the lid off a
pot of beans she had been cooking', and
received a dash of outpouring steam
square in the face. Her eyes were
swollen shut in a few moments there
after and she suffered excruciating 1
pain.
Will Resume Monday.
Mrs. Alma Goerecke gave her pupils
a vacation this week owing to her at
tendance at the Grand Parlor. School
will open again, next Monday morning.Xo.t m. "Pompous Prelate."
Bishop Gailor, at a banquet at which
the bishop of Kentucky was present,
told this story on the latter gentlemanPersonal
"In one of the backwoods towns of
Kentucky ,", said Bishop Gailor, "the
pastor of the Baptist church gave out
this notice before the sermon one Sun
day morningPersonal 
" 'I am told and have been partially
convinced,' he said, 'that it is my Chris-
tian duty to give the following notice—
. to witPersonal That a man who styles himself
"bishop of Kentucky" is about to visit
this town and will hold forth in the
courthouse on Wednesday evening. ,1
desire to add, however, my brethren,
that, in the humble opinion of your
pastor, the place for members of this
congregation on Wednesday night will
be in this place listening to your own
pastor rather than listening to the
words of that pompous pi-elate at the
 courthouse.'
"On the following Thursday morning
the Baptist went out upon the street
seeking for some of his congregation
who had not been at the Wednesday
evening meeting. The first one he
found was a deacon.
" 'Well, deacon,' he asked, 'were you
to the courthouse last night?'
" 'Yes,' said the deacon.
" 'I trust,' said the parson, with some
Irony in his tone, 'you were edified by
the words of the pompous prelate.'
" 'Now, looky here, parson,' said the
deacon, 'that man ain't no pompous
prelate; no such thing. He's Just as
common as there is. What do you reck
on he did? He preached in his shirt
sleeves!' "—lndianapolis Sentinel.
An Inimitable Feat.
The sailors of" three men-of-war,
American, French and British, while
in the same harbor, were competing
with each other for the best display of
seamanship. A Yankee went to the
top of the mainmast and stood there
with an arm extended. A Frenchman
then went aloft and extended both
arms.
.An Irishman on board . the British
ship thought if he could stand there
with a leg and an arm extended he
would be declared the most daring
sailor. Nimbly he mounted to the high
est point and attempted to do so, but
at the last moment lost his balance and
fell through the rigging toward the
deck.
The various ropes against which he
came in contact broke his fall, and
when near the deck he succeeded in
grasping a, rope. To this he hung for
a couple of seconds and then dropped
lightly on the deck, landing safely on
his feet
Folding his arms triumphantly, as if
it were all in the programme, he glanc
ed toward the rival ships and Joyously
exclaimedPersonal
"There, you frog eating and pig stick
ing foreigners, beat that if you can!"—
Collier's Weekly. »
Legend of the Violin.
An ancient legend tells us that one\
day as Orpheus, son of Apollo and the
muse Calliope, was walking by the sea,
trilling In soft cadence a song taught
him by the celebrated teacher Linos,
he was attracted by the sound of sweet
music, which seemed but the echo of
his own glorious voice. He walked
along, singing, and the sound ap
proached, as if to meet him, till finally
It sang at his very feet.
V Glancing down, he saw the shell of a
turtle, which had been cast high and
dry upon the beach and left there by
the receding waves. The little thing
had died and dried up so that only the
fifnews, shriveled to strings, and the
shell remained. The dried up sinews
i were tightly stretched across the hol
low shell, and the wind, as it listed,
touched the strings, causing them to
rtbrate over the shell sounding board
and give forth the sweet, sad tones.
he bore his treasure home
aaa^froin It fashioned the viol shell,
JWUn .which he ever after accompanied
nls voice, and the nymph Eurydice, en
cnanCSd by its magic, became his bride.
—National Magazine.
n* 1 * *
Ge«rg* Gould's Ready- Wit.
Personal I heard a story about George Gould
cwhich goes to show that the possession
pt. great wealth doesn't necessarily
preclude the possession of a passing
.ready wit It was several or even
more years ago, while the elder Gould
iwas Btill alive, that a woman' I know
met George Gould at a dinner. He was
.presented to her quite casually, and
( she did not catch his name. Conver
sation turned on operations in Wall
street, and the woman I am speaking
Jof launched out into a perfect torrent
( of ladylike abuse of Jay. Gould. Ev
erybody tried to stop her, but she per
ceived nothing except that people were
'looking at the young man. Turning to
him, she askedPersonal
X"Do you know Jay Gould?"
".Well, yes," he said; "I've had some
[business dealings with him."—Wash
'lngton Post.
Adams and Sculpture.
j President John Quincy Adams once
asserted that he would not give 50
bents for all the works of Phidias and
Praxiteles, adding, "I hope America
(Tf lll not think of sculpture for two cen
turies to come."
!' S/jThen some one quoted this to Wil
liam Morris Hunt, he asked dryly,
"DoesJ&at sum of money really repre
sent Mr. Adams' estimate of the sculp
,ture of those artists or the value which'
;he places upon 50 cents?"
A Diplomatic Poet.
An eastern poet has penned some
thymes that show he is a born diplo
mat. Here Is a sample 'versePersonal
And the goldenrod droops down its head
j In eullenness of despair,
For its splendor that Sained is outshone and
shamed
By the gold of Evadne's hair!
- ]I that Isn't a neat and unobjectlon
pSJe ,way of calling a girl redheaded,
are " don't know what Is. — Cleveland
'Plain Dealer.
Curiosity Satisfied.
Burly Tramp— Wots th' good of a
little dog like that?
Mrs. Rural— To keep off tramps.
"He, he! Wot kin that little critter
doT
"He can bark. That will wake up
the big dogs under the porch."
"Y-e-s, mum. Good day, mum."—
New York Weekly.
Not Enough Pin Money to Go Round.
Ostend—Pa, I want a dollar to buy
a set of tenpins.
Pa—Well, you just don't get It! It's
all I can do to keep your mother In pin
money. —Chicago News.
Erery man Is his own ancestor, and
( eyery man is his own heir. He de
ivlses his own future, and he Inherits
his own past— H. F. Hedge.
1 The eyes of snakes are never closed.
Alive or dead, sleeping or waking, lh«\y
are" always wide open.
BELIEVED IN GHOSTS
DR. ELLIOTT COUES SAID THAT HE
OFTEN SAW THEM.
The Famoua OrnitholoKlst's Descrip
tion of tfce Spirit of a Dead Friend
'Who Appeared to and Conversed
With Him In Hla Room.
Dr. Elliott Coves, the famous orni
thologist and member of the Ameri
can Academy of Sciences, was long
recognized as the foremost advocate of
belief in the existence of ghosts. He
.had promised several of his friends
that, if able to do so, he would appear
to them after his own demise, and they
are still waiting, with no little inter
est, to see if he can carry out the
agreement.
"I have myself seen the ghosts of a
good many dead persons," said the
doctor one day. "I remember one oc
casion when I had just gone to bed,
the light being turned out, I was com
posing myself to slumber when I sud
denly became aware of a presence in
the room. The impression conveyed
to my mind was that it was the pres
ence of a certain person lately deceas
ed, with whom I had been on very In
timate terms. In fact, I felt an over
powering sense of the nearness of the
individual in question.
"About the same moment there
arose slowly from the floor a nebulous
mass of what looked like shining
white vapor, which began to take
shape, as did the smoke from the cas
ket opened by the fisherman in the
'Arabian Nights' ' tales. Gradually it
assumed a more distinct outline, un
til it presented a radiant image of my
friend. The lips appeared to move,
and from them came an intelligible ut
terance, a message in short, from the
departed. I do not care to say what
that message was.
"I can assure you that the vision was
no dream, and the nature of the mes
sage was such as to eliminate, to my
own satisfaction at all events, the the
ory of hallucination. What, then, was
this shape of shining white vapor?
Was it a human soul? It is a question
pregnant with intense interest.
"Each of us, I believe, has in him a
ghost, which ordinarily is confined to
the precincts of the body. When I
die, my ghost leaves my body perma
nently, and, having done so, perhaps it
may continue to be th«> vehicle and
means of expression of conscious will,
memory and understanding. St. Paul
says, 'There is a natural body and a
spiritual body.' It is of the spiritual
body that I am speaking.
"Our senses take cognizance of no
forms of matter except those which
are in a certain degree of condensa
tion, but the spiritual body may be of
a more rarefied and tenuous substance.
The nonappearance of ghosts to us
may be a question not of the existence
of specters, but of the acutcness of our
perceptive faculties.
"My own experience is that the com
ing of an apparition is always preced
ed by a curious sensation which I call
the 'ghost chill.' When this symptom
arrives, the threshold of consciousness
seems to be shifted to the extent of
rendering possible a perception of
something ordinarily invisible. The
change is usually very brief, lasting
only a few seconds, during which the
manifestation occurs.
"One reason that I have for believing
the evidence of my own senses In this
matter is that on several occasions the
apparition of my own personality has
presented itself- to other persons in
places where my body was not at the
time. Some years ago I was In Chica
go, at an ordinary evening party with
about 40 friends, when an individual
in Washington, who did not even know
where I was, was visited "by my phan
tasm and received from it a brief mes
sage stating where I was at the time
and giving the names of two or three
of the guests present— persons with
whom the observer was unacquainted.
This was one of the rare cases where
a ghost made Itself audible.
"You ask what would happen If one
should approach a ghost such as I have
described and try to touch It. My re
ply is that there would certainly be no
danger In doing so,' for specters never
do anybody any harm, the fear of them
entertained by most people being sim
ply a dread of that which is unknown
and not understoodPersonal Whatever is un
known is always terrible. But the
phantom is composed of matter too
tenuous to present any obstacle, and
I do not doubt that it would dissolve
and disappear if you attempted to
walk through it"— Washington Post
Stole Watch to Get Square.
"Great Scott, but that's a fine watch!"
came from the chorus. "Where'd you
ever get it?" "Stole it," answered its
possessor calmly. "You don't believe
me, do yon?" he went on. "Well, I'll
tell you how it happened. I was on a
western district which enjoyed the rep
utation of being the toughest one cov
ered by the house. I had some time to
kill and so went into one of the gam
bling joints. It -Isn't necessary to go
into details as to what happened. As
luck would have it, there were a half
dozen others in the place besides my
self who might be considered as possi
ble victims.
"When the time came, the lights were
put out suddenly, and then we had
'rough house' for about ten minutes.
In the middle of it I felt "somebody
J>.'ib my watch and reached after him.
I caught some one and felt that he was
just putting a watch In his trousers
pocket. I gave his wrist a hard wrench
and got the timepiece. Then I broke
away. When I got to the light, I found
the watch was this one. And as I nev
er heard from the owner I have kept
it to compensate for the loss of mine."
— Philadelphia Inquirer.
Both Told the Truth.
"Truth compels me to state," said
the presiding officer of a medical con
gress, "that upon the list of physicians
present just read there is one that is no
gentleman."
A stir of surprise passed over the as
semblage at this, and one man upon
whose foot, as the presiding officer said
afterward, the shoe seemed to be a per
fect fit half rose from his seat. But In
another moment a woman's voice from
the back part of the hall made Itself
heard.
"I quite agree with Dr. Blank," said
the voice, "for I am that physician. In
my turn I must say, however, that Dr.
Blank is no lady."
Mora Polygamy-.
Polygamy Is the Moro's by religion
and divine right. A Moro must give a
separate house to each wife, in which
she is supposed to set up housekeeping,
with a sufficient number of women
slaves to wait upon her. She may own
them in her own right, but more often
her Moro husband must purchase them
for her. As women slaves bring a
higher price in the market {.han men>
the drain 6"n the husband's exchequer
is Immense.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
THE AMAPOB LEDGTERPersonal, JACKSON. CALIFORNIA. FRIDAY. JUNE 15. 1900.
No Wild and Woolly West.
Easterners have an erroneous impres
sion about the vast plains country that
stretches eastward from the flanks of
the Rockies to the wheatflelds of the
Dakotas. It is a i-egion where crimes are
far less numerous in proportion t» pop
ulation than they are In the densely
settled regions of the eastern and mid
dle states.
If the sombreroed ruffians with pis
tols and knives in their boots and car
tridge belts around their waists are not
in the cattle country, where, then, rfte
they to be found ? ' Where are those
Alkali Ikes, Lariat Bills, et aL,
who fire at the decanters In barrooms
and at the silk hats of tenderfoot stran
gers—the villainous desperadoes whose
lynching bees and other harrowing an
ecdotes | make up considerable of the
stock iv trade of our eastern comic
Illustrators? Ido not know.
For many years I have wandered
through the great northwest on horse
back, stagecoach and In canoes, as well
as in the palatial Pullman sleeper of
the great transcontinental lines, and I
have never discovered any of the fierce,
bewhiskered dime novel heroes. . Dur
ing all my travels in the Dakotas, Mon
tana, Idaho, Washington, Oregon and
British Columbia I have never seen a
man hurt or witnessed any sort of row,
and I would feel much safer to strike
across the mountains or plains alone
on a broncho and unarmed than I
would to walk up Clark street at night
In Chicago— St. Paul Globe.
Infant Baptisms In Russia.
"I was fortunate enough," writes
Trumbull White, "to visit the Church
of St David, In Tiflls, Russia, Just in
time to attend a baptismal ceremony.
According to the rites of the Greek
Church, as practiced In this ancient
Georgian temple, the youngster In
question, a tine boy 4 or 6 weeks old,
had to be immersed three times in a
baptismal font filled with water, each
time to be completely covered, In ad
.dition to various blessings and anoint
ings with holy oil and several long
prayers. .
"The benevolent looking old priest
proved himself a man of kindly
thoughtfulness. While the family group
around the baby was getting him prop
erly unclad, for the ceremony requires
that the child shall be naked, the priest
surreptitiously dipped his finger Into
the font, and I saw by his face that it
was too cold. Then he stepped behind
a screen, where his samovar was
steaming, emptied the hot water Into
a pitcher, and while the family still
kept busy over the baby he poured
enough to temper the pool that had
been provided for the shorn lamb. The
result was that the little fellow took
his plunges without a murmur and
thereby distinguished himself."—Chi
cago Record.
"Paradise B'iled Down."
A tourist tells how he traveled with
a young couple evidently on their hon
eymoon, and the passengers in that
particular carriage were on Personal the grin
most of the time over their antics.
The bride had got the man she loved,
and she didn't care who saw her put
her head on his shoulder. The bride
groom had got a farm with his. wife,
and If he wanted to feed her on sweets
or squeeze her band whose business
was it? **
A little old man sat directly opposite
the couple, and he looked at them so
often that the young husband finally
explainedPersonal
"We've just got married."
"I knowed It all the time," chuckled
the other.
"And we can't help it, you know." j
"No, you can't. I'll be blowed if you
can!"
"I presume it all seems very silly to
an old man like you," continued the
husband.
"Does it? Does it?" cackled the old
fellow. "Well, I can tell you it does
not then. I've been there three times
over, and now I'm on my way to marry
a fourth. Silly! Why, children, It's
paradise b'iled down!"— London Fun.
Old Lonion Sunday*.
We have got it Into our heads that
Sunday was better observed In the
puritanical acceptance of the word
three or four generations. back than It
is now. It was quite otherwise. AH
the great ladies when Queen Victoria
came to the throne — the Duchess of
Wellington, the Duchess of Rutland,
the Marchioness of Salisbury, the La
dy Hyde Parker, the Misses Walpole—
had regular card parties on a Sunday,
and there were concerts and receptions
all over the town announced with be
coming regularity in The Morning
Post— Saturday Review.
I
How to Get a. Genial Doc
A vagrant dog, particularly a cur
with seven or eight different strains of
common dog in him, is the best kind
of a dog to own. He is always smiling
and wagging his tail at you, and his
appreciation of little favors Is only
equaled by his appetite. A fancy dog
with a blue ribbon around his neck Is
always looking for an opportunity to
snap at children. If we kept a dog,
we would keep a yellow one, purchased
as a pup from a negro boy.— Atchlson
Globe.
A Coffee Hint.
A French housekeeper says that in
her country it Is an Invariable rule to
add a little butter and powdered sugar
to coffee beans while they are roast-
Ing. A very small piece of butter Is
needed to the pound, a bit perhaps as
large as a hazelnut, and not more than
a teaspoonful of powdered sugar. This
treatment is the secret of the pleasant
burned sugar flavor in French coffee.
Mice Unto tike.
"And love restored his reason," said
the sweet young thing Id concluding
her story.
"It Is the first time," returned the old
bachelor, "that I ever heard of insan
ity curing insanity."— Chicago Post
Her Reason.
"Why did Mrs. Frlzzlngton, the rich
widow who furnished all the money
for the business she and you have
started, want the name of the firm to
be 'Rootle & Frizzington' Instead of
'Frizzlngton & Rootle,' as It ought to
be, seeing that she is much more heav
ily Interested than you?"
"She didn't want to be referred to as
'the senior partner.' " — Chicago Times-
Herald.
Too I.oiik to Walt.
"If you will get my new suit done by
Saturday," said a customer to a tailor,
"I'll be forever indebted to you."
"If thafs your game," replied the
tailor, "the clothes will not be done a(fc
all."— lndianapolis Journal,
In the Crimea the'Brltish left 00,000
corpses, which are interred in 130
cemeteries on ground occupied by the
troops during that long and disastrous
war. . . ' „.„-
MODERN MIN~E SALTING.
The Way This Swindle Is Artfully
Worked In Mexico.
"Mine salting nowadays has devel
oped into a very nice art," said an en
giueer and assayer who has lately re
turned from the inspection of some
properties In old Mexico. "In former
times it was done crudely. A rascal
who wanted to give fictitious value to"
a worthless prospect hole generally
bought or stole a sack of high grade
nre and simply scattered It about the
Dxcavation, where the victim would be
likely to pick up a few pieces for sam
pling. If an exposed ledge was to be
dealt with, he sometimes filed up a $20
goldpiece, loaded the dust into a shot
gun and fired It against the surface
from which specimens would be taken.
"But at present greater finesse Is
Deeded. - The up to date purchaser In
sists upon having fresh ore blasted out
from beneath the surface, where it
could not possibly be tampered with,
and seals it up In a little canvas sack
for the assayer with his own hands.
It is then that the latest development,
the hypodermic syringe, comes Into
play. The scientific mine salter has
one of these handy little Implements
In his coat pocket, charged with a solu
tion of chloride of gold.
"He watches for an opportunity, and
when one presents Itself quietly thrusts
the tip of the needle through the can
vas sack and gives the piston a gentle
push. The consequence is that a few
drops of the liquid are discharged over
the surface of the ore. The quantity of
gold in the solution Is almost infinitesi
mal, but it Is enough to 'run up' an as
say $1,000 a ton.
"Meanwhile the victim is tranquil in
the knowledge that he has selected the
samples himself and has them safely
sacked under his own private seal.
Hypodermic mine salting is all the go
in Mexico at present It beats the old
method to death."— New Orleans
Times-Democrat . «
RUSSIAN POLICEMEN.
New Governor's Test For Their
Alertness 'Was a Failure.
A good story Is being told in St. Pe
tersburg of the Russian police which
the papers pronounce to be exceeding
ly characteristic. A new governor was
sent to a certain town In the Interior,
and the inhabitants at once began to
complain that the police were badly
organized, since, however much they
were wanted, they would never come
when they were sent for. Tha govern
or determined to test this for himself,
so one night he set out for the bar
racks where the police and the flre
brigade were quartered. He accosted
the sentryPersonal
"Do you know me?"
"Yes, your excellency."
"If a man was being murdered close
by, would you quit your post?" '
"Never, your excellency."
"Good," said the governor. "You
know your duty. Well, what would
you do?"
"I would blow my whistle to rouse
the guard."
"Good. Let us suppose some one is
being murdered here. Whistle."
The soldier blew, but not a soul an
swered. He blew again and again,
but the same silence prevailed.
"That Trill do," said the governor at
last. "You have whistled your utmost,
and nobody has come; but, at any rate,
your conscience Is" tranquil. Now you
can go to sleep. The man could have
been murdered two or three times over.
It Is unnecessary to overdo it by trying
to wake your comrades, who appear to
sleep like the dead. The czar should
be proud of such steady soldiers."
With that the governor went off,
congratulating himself that no one
would be likely to accuse his police of
having, a share in the midnight mur
ders of the town.
He Knew the Sex.
"I understand you have consented to
your daughter's marriage to that young
Swlftpace," said the old friend.
"I have," replied the father.
"I guess you don't know the young
man," suggested the old friend point
edly. •
"On the contrary, - 1 know all about
him," answered the father, "and I also
know all about my daughter and a few
things about the sex in general. If I
had refused my consent, ten to one she
would have married him anyway, but,
having given It, the odds are easily ten
to five that she will tire of him and
throw him over before they've even set
the day for the wedding."— Chicago
••••••m
| E. GINOCCHIO & BROTHER j
5 Wholesale and Retail Dealers in •
General Merchandise '•'•_• • «
2^ Personal Water Street, Foot of Broadway, Jackson 2
• WT E TAKE PLEASURE IN INFORMING OUR PA- 2
m Tt trons and the public generally that we have on hand a Z
9 very choice selected stock of DRY GOODS of all kinds, GRO- Z
Z CERIES.AND PROVISIONS, CLOTHING. BOOTS ANU Z
m SHOES. We particularly direct the attention of the public Z
0 to the fact that we keep on hand the largest assortment of Z
9 IRON AND STEEL to be found in Amador county. Also a Z
m superior assortment of all kinds of HARDWARE, such as Z
2 Carriage Bolts. Screws, Nuts, Nails, and, in fact, everything ' !
s the market demands. We are sole agents for the celebrated Z
9 HURCULES POWDER, of which which we shall constantly Z
9 keep on hand a large supply. S
••••••••
FOR 1900 *
McCall's Magazine
(the queen of fashion) -
Will contain TWENTY-TWO FULL-PAGE
BEAUTIFUL COLORED PLATES— more
than iooo exquisite, artistic and strictly up-to-
date FASHION designs — a large number of
short stories and handsome illustrations —
fancy work, hints on dressmaking and sugges-
tions for the home.
With Arn^dpr Ledger
Only $2.75 a Year
And each subscriber receives a FREE PATr
TERN of her own selection — a pattern sold fey
most houses at 25 cents or 30 cents. ° '.;-
CHIM NEY FIRES.
Why Salt Is Commonly Used to Pot
Them Out.
In accounts of chimney fires it is
common to read that the fixe was ex
tinguished by throwing salt down the
chimney. Salt Is used because there
Is liberated from It when it comes Into
contact with the fire a gas that within
an Inclosed space like a chimney Is
very effective In extinguishing fire.
The primary purpose In throwing, salt
or anything else down a burning chim
ney Is to dislodge the burning so>t,
chimney fires being caused by the Igni
tion, of the soot clinging to the Inside
of the thlmney.' Salt is used for this
purpose not alone because of its pecul
iar effectiveness, but also because it is
something available for the purpose
that can commonly be found at hand
in a house. It is thrown down , the
chimney in such a manner that It will
rattle down the sides and by Its weight
knock down the soot and sparks cling
ing to the chimney's insldes.
A bucket of sand has been put to the
same use with good effect, and some
times a scuttle of coal has been poured
down the chimney, the coal bounding
about from side to side as It dropped
and so doing its work effectively.
Sometimes a brick Is taken from the
chimney itself and, tied to a clothes
line, is hauled up and down the chim
ney, with the same result At the
hearth below or at the bottom of the
chimney wherever the sparks may fall
there Is stationed a man with a pail of
water to put out whatever fire may
drop. Water Is not played on a chim
ney fire from a hose because It is not
necessary, and the water would do
more damage than the fire. Personal
The damage caused by a fire In a
chimney when It Is confined there Is
nothing or next to nothing. Left alone,
however, a chimney fire might work its
way into a building and so prove de
structive, and therefore slight as they
may be in themselves or as they might
be in their consequences chimney fires
are always put out and commonly in
the manner described.— Exchange. |
4. Lack.
She— What! Are you going to dine
at the club? I should think you would
hate to take dinner there.
He— Why? '. ;
She— Because, my dear, you will miss
all the pleasure of complaining about
what you get to eat— Detroit Free
Press.
. Sailors' trousers, or "trombone pants,"
as they have sometimes been called,
expand in bell shape at the bottom sc
as to be the more easily kicked off it
case of the wearer's falling into thi
water.
For a finger, nail to reach its full
length, an average of seven-twelfths
of an Inch, from 121 to 138 days of
growth are necessary.
Women forgive injuries, but never
forget slights.
TO THE> UNFORTUNATE
wjjjgT-4fiq|§ro^ TUIs old reliable and
KaP^l I^^HiES clalist in San Francis-
Efu \%k --#af9m oostillcontinuestocure
Ifkfi. lMLi'rfnif\k all Sexunl and Seminal
eJ^w^EiC'SHpSnl Diseases, such as Ghon-
H^SOTbißwlmS|«»S Syphilis In ail its forms
*^\^ljraS^*HBN Diseases, Nervous
§3s>^S «?lsN Seminal Weakness, and
" win™!" Loss of Manhood, the
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptomsPersonal Sallow counte-
nance, dark spots under the eyes, pain in the
head, ringing in the ears, loss of confidence,
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitation
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and back,
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs,
consumption, etc.
DR. GIBBON has practiced in San Francisco
over 37 years, and those troubled should not
fail to consult him and receive the benefit of
his great skill and experience. The doctor
cures when others fail. Try him. Cures guar-
anteed. Persons cured at home. Charges reas-
onable. Call or Write. -
Dr. J. F. Gibbon, 635 Kearney street, San
Francisco, Cal.
@vim DR. JORDAN'S e»»«
f&gMuseurn of Anatomy
j W| 105l 051 IOBKT ST. W. 6th A 7th, 0. T. CaL
IfM Th * 1 o''«» kind in M» World.
1 tfttfflr* We are eontinu *"J' *>Mi»g new ipmlmcns.
.« "*BCinne »q«1 leitm how womk-rtuUv you are made
ff\n 1 an>l how to ay.ii.l Mi-kneas ana diauise. If you
\\ I suffer from any of ttu> Jlli of mm, come to the
|( Specialist on the Pacific Coaat,
I»B.JOBI>A\ I'KITATF, DIKDASKM
ConsuttatU.afP'catpi nti irtlr private. Tri-atmeot person-
ally or by letter. NTPHii.K* thonmchlj eradicated
from the vßtcm without- using MertHrr*
kvkbv ma* rititiiig to as will Redra our
hone *t opinion of hit com|>UiDf .
We witl Guarantee a POSITTTE CVRB in tMff can
yf9 undertake, or forfeit Om Thousand Dollar*.
Write tor Book— Phll«>«opliy of Marriage,
mailed Fat*. <A Talnahle bnok fartnen.)
DB. JORDAN *C 0.,1051 Market St. & F.
MISCELLANEOUS ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ [THE NEW~~
NATION AL~HO(TEL ->; * .►
(^jKfc-— " Foot of Main Street
JACKSON, CAL.
o-o-o-o-o-o_f|RST-CLIISS MCOUOMTIOIB FOR TRAVELERS JIT REASONABLE PRICES
_ k Sample Room for Commercial Travelers
" Rooms Newly Furnished Throughout A . "
I Table Supplied With the Best In the Market "*?► .
-I BAR Supplied With the Finest Brands of T
\ Wines i Liquors and Cigars
E?i J&-. "VOOlEWBESXS, X=>xopxietor
5 UP-TO-DATE M !
Personal •
| Stationery and Novelties I
1 AT RIGHT •
Personal AT prices Personal
I FREEMAN'S VARIETY STORE |
•••••I
PIONEER FLOUR lIS PERFECTION^.
'..->.
J Made From SELECTED WHEAT
I; Blended According to Our Own Formula
f i Producino Per*«»ct Results and-
A Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
§ Sweet to the Palate's Touch and
♦f Snowy White
©J — — = — PIONEER FLOOR MILLS, SA6RAIERTO— — -•=
 - -'-...   l 
llNulul j|k' IflßnAM^ >j^^>te^ AA Al A
JORDAN mm -Jmw^™* ° Eea^ r^^^, m '
And take some other kind because a little
cheaper. Best is always cheapest in the end, and the Jordan " AaAI " Cutlery
is "It." . For sale by the leading dealers everywhere.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»» * -
I y r Hi ' viM Personal i For Nearly Slxty iears
ii; Wt II" I UulV II The Leading National Fain-
111 WPFIf I Y TRIRIIMF I^^BSSS
i; fILLIVLI inIDUnL. I sive Farmers & Villagers.
♦♦♦•♦•♦•»♦•»♦»♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ °
An old, stanch, tried and true friend of the American People, from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, and the pioneer in every movement calculated to ad-
vance the interests and increase the prosperity of country people in every
State in the Union.
For over .half a century farmers have follpwed its instructions in raising
their crops, and in converting them into cash have been guided by its market
reports, which have been National authority,
If you are interested in "Science and Mechanics" that department will
please and instruct.- "Short Stories" will entertain old and young. "Fashion
Articles" will catch the fancy of the ladies, and "Humorous Illustrations"
and items will bring sunshine to your household.
The Weekly Tribune is "The People's Paper" for the entire United
States, and contains all important. news of the Nation and World.
Kegular subscription price $1.00 per year, but we furnish it
And THE LEDGER One Tear for $2.]5.
NEW-YORK Published Monday, Wednesday and Friday
THTVTT7TV TWTTmwF A com P lete > "P-to-date, daily newspaper three
IJU-W.LJVK.LY 14XBUAU!.. times a week for busy veople who
their mail oftener than pnee a week. ' '
Contains all striking news features pf The Piif^Y TftißpifE up to hour
of going to press, and is profusely illustrated.
Regular subscription price $1.50 per year, but we furnish it
And THE LEDGER One Year for $3.00.
Send all orders to - - . - -
The "LEDGER," Jackson, Cal.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
I /V TP f^ 1
LU I J •••;
♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦
2 •••••••••
!»' • T he Meehan Property will be
2 ] subdivided Into building lots and 
2 Personal S sold f °r CASH OH INSTALLMENTS. •
♦♦»>>♦><?>♦»♦»♦♦♦♦ • Will be laid out In blocks, with
1, 1 —^ -«^ I S 59-?P°t streets and 25-foot alley-.
/ \ l|l J ways, tat h lot can be reached
O I ' 9L# % S at front or rear by wagon. One
M. \Jr 1». J main street^from Volcano road
♦«*<♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦» S west of Calvin's house; one east
49 * of Meehan's house; and one west
_W # pf Keeney's property, to reach the
O • property .' . .' . .
♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦»»♦♦«»»
M| pi F<?r further particular? apply to
L£ . / NEIL 1 MACQUARRIE
'^Tl^^^H^^^r .. . - Spsgnoll Building, Summit SU««t
AUSUJSLiLANEOpS.
Miiuiti " Diflyfli r
Breaks World's Records
At the Saucer Track, Los Angsles.
"Ride a 'White' and keep in front and
sa ve repair bills."
Hardy Downing, the tnid-
. ' die distance champion,
Feb. 22, broke all world's
records from i to 15 miles
on a 1900 White Bicycle.
H. B. Freeman broke
the one mile competition
record
Feb. 18th, on a 1900 "White" Bicycle.
H. B. Freeman holds the world's one
mile record of 1Personal28 2-5, made on the
"White" wheel. All famous cham-
pions ride the "King of Wheels," the
White," .
Orlando Stevens,
Johnny Chapman,
*H. B. Freeman,
Hardy Downing,
F. A. McFarland,
and others. You can't afford to buy a
cheaper wheel than the "White," and
pay out more to keep it in order during
a single season than a ; high-grade
"White" costs in the beginning. Don't
buy until you see the 1900 "White"
the only modern wheel on the market.
We don't sell you '98 or '99 goods for
1900 models. .
Agents Wanted Everywhere. Write for
prices and Catalogue.
WHITE SEWING WINE. COMPANY. 4
300-306 Post St., San Francisco, Cal.
C. A. HAWKINS, Gen. Hgr.
A. J. Snow 4 Son, Dealers in "White" Ma-
chines, Sntter Creek. - mayl
 ;' 'T^HERE is a certain stylish ef- s I
5 J feet about garments made 5 »
3B from these Celebrated Pat- 3 •
•S terns that is not attained by the i '
j j use of any other patterns. ; > M
Patterns w I
5 (No-Seam-AllowancePatternr^^^B
' 5 Have not an equal for style and perfect f I
% fit. Easy to understand. Only to and IS  S 
dg cts. each — none higher. Sold is nearly Sc H
;» every city and town, or by mail. Ask for £ £9
-B them. Get a Fashion Sheet and see our § ni
6 designs. Absolutely tho very latest style*. 5 B
| A FREE PATTERN I 1
sof her own selection Trill be (riven 3- SB
g every subscriber to g
I M£ CALL'S^!
• ! One that every lady should ta£e rrgu- S * '
3S larly. Beautiful colored plates ; latest S»
6 fashions; dressmaking economies; fancy 5?
5« work ; household hints ; fiction, etc. Sub- 9
5 Z scribe to-day, or, send sc. for latest copy. S *
- J Lady agents wanted. Send for terms. • j
I THE McCALL CO., I
S 138-146 West 14th St., New York. 0
A $4.00 BOOK FOR rscts.
The Fannsrs' Encyclopedia.
Everything per-
tflßn^^^s^^^^^j'll honsehoU ufl
inM^9^^HHHEjlll florse habits, diafl
BWBJM^HlSyJßigSlffißill cores of the horeeH
ffei^M»Bp^nrTurEJl I fruit culturo> daJr y«j
IcßWßpwWOgr jfealli dog, toilet, iociaH
EfSw 5^5l I life> etc " etc - Onfl
Ir^SJlgJljPyJjJill pedias in cxistence9
KS'rfei^lMß^P^ 1^ PHges, fully ill^jH
p? iS jPersonal j- WBr^  irated, bound lta
Ssp^* green cloth binilfl
'^^^^^ Jne and equal' t(H
other books costinflßß
WOO. If you desfre this book send us our sped*
pffer price, $0.75, and $0.20 extra for postage and
we will forward the book to you. - If it is not satlt
factory return it and we will exchange It or refunc
your money. Send for our special illustrated- cata
lojpie. quoting the lowest prices on books, FREE
We can save you money. Address all orders to
THE WERNER COMPANY, -
Tabllilun .nd Maaifactunn. Akron, ObiO,
CThe Wtrner Company is thoroughly reliable.]— Editor.
TTTT Xrl
j UJj I I
Excursion I
Rates I
Will be made by the . . B&
Southern Picific Coipul
FOE ROUHD TBIP TICKETS , H
BETWEEN ALL STATIONS ffl
ON ITS LINES, AS FOLLOWS . ||
Fare and a Third M
For Stations within 125 miles distanceH
Fare and a Fiftji ,. "V [ M
To Stations distant 126 to*2OO mileJß
One Fare m
To Stations distant 201 to 300 milcH
TICKETS WILL BE ON SALE ABOPiH
JULY Ist to 4th inclusive, and gooJB
for return till about' July sth.' Fo«
exact dates and rates, go and see p9
M. W. GORDON, Agent, lone. I
anything you invent or improve ; also get ! B
CAVEAT.TRADE-MARK. COPYRIGHT or DESIGN ' M
PBDTECTION. Send model, sketch, or photo. M
for free examination and advice. •',' H
BOOK OH PATENTS |
i
P»t*atLawjers.WASHINGTON,D,C. ! H