Established November!, 1855.
HE SAT ON A BLOCK, DEAD
Joe Pimental Nearly Loses
His Finger.
A MAN SERIOUSLY BURNED WHILE BLASTING
Two Calaveras Boys, Who Are Mem
bers of the Police Force, Are
Heard of. •
EL DORADO COUNTY.
Republican, Placerville, February Ist.
In the trial of John E. Sexton last
week for extortion, the case went to
the jury on Thursday without argu
ment and they returned a verdict of
guilty after being out about an bionr
and a half. The evidence was at
first regarded as very weak • against
Sexton, but the statements he had
made before the Grand Jury apparent
ly satisfied the jury of his complicity
in the case. Sexton's attorneys are
getting out an application for a new
trial.
A. L. Frost, City .Treasurer of Sac
ramento and an old resident of El
Dorado county, has been visiting
Placerville recently.
Last Monday (the 29th) John Reese
went up to North Webber Creek, about
thirteen miles east of Placerville, to do
some mining for John Pearson with
Fred Johnson, who was a partner with
Pearson in some mining ground located
there. On reaching Johnson's cabin
he was astonished to find the old man
lying on the ground near his cabin
door and partly reclining on a block of
wood. Reese ascertained that he was
dead and then notified Barney Mooney,
who lives a mile or two from Johnson's
and then came on to Placerville to tell
the Coroner, who held an inquest the
next day. Nothing was discovered in
dicating any violence, and Johnson
evidently died from some sudden sick
ness. He was 72 years of age and a
native of Denmark. So far as known
he had no relatives here.
Clarke Howard has gone to Sacra
mento to assist in. keeping tho temper
ature down while the United States
Senator is being elected. He was one
of the clerks in the last session and has
his place again.
Nugget, Placerville, February 2d.
The passenger train did not arrive
until about 8 o'clock Monday night.
As it passed into the switch at Mills,
going at the usual rate of speed, tbe
rails broke under the two coaches,
ditching them. No one was injured
and two more cars were sent out from
Sacramento to take their place. For
tunately the cars were ditched on the
sidetrack or the delay would have been
greater.
The funeral of the late John Titler
was held from tho Episcopal Church
yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock. A
large nnmber attended. The funeral
was conducted by the Knights of Pyth
ias, of which order deceased was a
member. V ■..'.;,
TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
Democratic Banner, Sonora, February 2d.
William Suttle, aged 66, a native of
England, died at his home in Sonora
last Saturday. He was a pioneer. A
wife, son and daughter survive him.
The concrete walls are being built
around the Court square and the
grounds are being- put in condition for
the lawn. ;
Superintendent Coul of the Phil
adelphia Diggings was in Sonora this
week. Work is progressing on the
tunnel and the new sawmill is running
in full blast. ": V.-
Carroll McTarnahan has been en
gaged this week in surveying the town
site of Jacksonville.
The new mill of the Stanislaus Mill
ing and Power Company at Oakdale is
' the most up-to-date flour ..mill in this
State. An entirely new system of mill
ing is employed at this mill and the
most modern machinery installed; the
Gyrator and Plansifter equipment of
this mill, so famous in the East, is a
thing unheard of in the other mills.of
this State. '
Vice, in more than one form, now
flourishing in Senora, will quickly be
suppressed if incorporation is carried
at tho city election.
Independent, Sonora, February 3d.
On Monday, while Joe Pimental,
foreman of the Densmore mine, was
engaged in sawing wedges with a cir
cular saw, run by compressed air, the
second finger of his left hand came in
contact with said saw and was almost
taken off above the second joint. Dr.
Hunter dressed the injury, and, while
the skin was all that held it to the bal
ance of said member, it is thought that
it can be saved.
Last Sunday, upon the invitation of
the West Side Flume and Lumber
Company, a large number of people of
Carters took a trip over the company's
narrow gauge railroad as far as it had
been built into the timber belt and re
turn. The journey was made on flat
cars. The track is laid for a distance
of seven miles from Carters, the road
bed being graded for some five miles
further.
Leon Cholez, for many years a resi
dent of Campbell's Flat, died at his
home at that place last Wednesday.
He was a rancher by occupation and
was of industrious habits and retiring
disposition. Deceased leaves a wife
and family. The interment was in the
Odd Fellows' cemetery Friday. • "
CALAVERAS COUNTY.
Prospect, San Andreas, February 3d,
Robert Jones of Avory was very
The Amador Ledger.
badly burned with powder during the
past week, while blasting logs at the
vwod camp. He had just picked up
his powder can, when the contents ex
ploded, badly and painfully burning
his face. ' Fortunate, indeed, was the
accident. : He will not lose his eyesight
and will soon recover.' Dr. Dorroh was
called and dressed the injuries.
Tbe town was in darkness last Tues
day evening, about 8 o'clock, ; caused
by the burning out of one of the
transformers at the sub-station in the
western part of town. Mr. Condit, the
electrician, was away and Matt. Mc-
Guirk was in charge of the station.
Mr. McGuirk soon discovered what was
the matter, and it was but a short time
before the trouble was removed and
the lights were turned on again.
Louis Brosmer, a lad of nine years,
broke his collar bone while playing on
the school ground on Angels Wednes
day afternoon.
Deputy Jailer Burns says that his
little prisoner, Roy Lucas, the eleven
year-old boy who is . serving a twenty?
day sentence in the county jail, is a
model of good behavior. He is polite
and respectful to grown people, willing
and accommodating and seems to be
entirely free from vicious traits of
character. He is appreciative of favors
shown him and takes no undue advan
tage of the* liberties given him about
the jail. There is no doubt but that
the boy's greatest misfortune lies in his
not having someone to guide him prop
erly and keep him from evil associates.
Two little boys of his age, Ponny
Lloyd and Johnny Hall, offered their
services to go about town and take up
a subscription with which; to pay the
lad's fine and secure his release, but
the little prisoner said he would rather
serve out his time as he was receiving
Henry Spinola, who livesion the road
just boyond the Donnallan bridge, met
with an accident one day last week,
from the result of which he has since
been carrying his right hand in a sling.
He went into the stable, untied a stall
ion colt and was about to lead it out
to water, when the animal suddenly
got a playful streak and bolted out.
The rope became entangled about Mr.
Spinola's hand and before he could
disengage it, he was jerked to < the
ground and dragged about the corral.
The muscles of his wrist and arm were
considerably strained, while his hand
was lacerated, and he received numer
ous bodily bruises ■ from the rough
treatment.
Citizen, San Andreas, February 3d.
Longevity is the rule among the pio
neers of the mountain regions of Cali
fornia. They were a strong, hardy
and vigorous people, and it is not un
common for them to pass four-score
years and even ten more. On Monday
of last week Mr. John Huberty cele
brated his 71st birthday and Mr. Will
iam Casey his 61st. It would be diffi
cult to find two more hardy and well
preserved men of that age anywhere
than these two. Both received the
heartiest congratulations of relatives
and hundreds of friends .on the anni
versary of their natal day.
Dan Driscoll, who is a policeman in
San Francisco, and R. V. McSorley,
who is a policeman in Oakland, are
both Calaveras boys, and models of
manhood. They each had a lively ex
perience during the week. Driscoll,
who stands six feet three inches, was
making an arrest, in what threatened
to become a riot. The Chronicle says
that when the crowd pressed him too
hard, Dan turned loose his "massive
fists" and cut' a swath through the
crowd and soon dispersed it.
The Oakland Enquirer tells of a
drunken, noisy and blaspheming negro
whom Dick McSorley arrested, after a
brave struggle, and who netted eleven
razors when his clothes were searched
at the city prison. When all this cut
lery was piled up in court, the bad
negro claimed to be a barber and, dra
matically pointing to the stack of
razors, said "dem's mah tools. " The
plea didn't save him.. Dick is to be
congratulated on not having been
"carved" by his prisoner.
Flayed Out.
Dull Headache, Pains in various parts of the
body, Sinking at the pit of the stomach, Loss of
appetite, Feverishness, Pimples or Sores are all
positive evidences of impure blood. No matter
how it became so it must be purified in order to
obtain good health. Ackker's Blood Elixir has
never failed to cure Scrofulous or Sypbilitie
poisons or any other blood diseases. It is
certainly a wonderful remedy and we sell every
bottle on a positive guarantee. Sold by A,
Goldner.
Uncalled-for letters.
Letters remaining unclaimed in the
Jackson, Cat., Post office, for the week
ending January 26, 1900:
Brown, Mr.and Mrs Wm.Peard, J. R.
Giobatista, Ghiorzo Pedercini, Bortollo
Hocking, E. Ratto, Mrs. G.
Norton. A. Sanborn, Mrs. A. J.
Olsen, J. . Welty, Miss Laura
Pasquetti, Francesco
February 1, 1900.
Smith, James Arrighini, Antonio
Purdy, M. Cas. Bosworth, F. B.
G. C. Folger, Postmaster.
Harry Marchand Under Treatment.
Harry Marchand of West Point
bridge, who was seriously hurt by a
fall from a horse about four months
ago, and who has been in San Francisco
receiving medical treatment, is better.
He has entered a business college in
Stockton and is taking a commercial
course, but is still under the treatment
of a surgeon at that place.
Got It in the Neck.
Mrs. Styles — Haven't they got this
dress pretty high in the neck?
Mr. Styles— l don't know, but I sup
pose I'll get it that way when the bill
comes in.
More Than Once.
Clara.— "Did he apologize for kiss
ing you?"
Maude,— "Oh, yes; several times."
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY. CALIFORNIA, FK IDA V, FEBRUARY 9. 1900.
THEY TALK WITH DRUMS
The Boers Use This Method
Daily.
IT 18 ONE FORM OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
The Drum Language Is Heard at Its
Best in the Deep Silence of
Night.
Much surprise has been expressed at
the quickness with which the natives
of South Africa have learned the re
sults of the recent battles between the
Boers and British. These natives
know nothing of bur method of tele
graphing and .yet, . when victory has
been declared for either of the contend
ing parties, the news has been flashed
with amazing celerity to very remote
parts of the country. The manner in
which the news is carried is novel and
most interesting. Throughout Africa,
the natives are expert in the use of
what is known as the drum language,
and they use it as we use the telegraph
and the telephone, namely, for the
purpose of sending a message from one
place to another.
The most, important events, as well
as the daily occurrences in* every vil
lage, are transmitted iv this way. In
the Congo region, near Stanley Falls,
some of tho natives are so skilled in the
use of the drums that they can carry
on a conversation with one another at
a' great distance just as easily as
though they were standing side by
side. The chiefs or head men of the
various trjbes converse daily in this
fashion, and thus each quickly learns
what has occurred in the surrounding
districts during the past twenty-four
hours. The drum used for this pur
pose is fashioned, as a rule, out of a
hollow tree trunk, which is covered
with the skin of an antelope.
In regard to the quickness with
which news is transmitted in Africa,
Peter de Deken, the famous traveler,
tells two good stories. While Inspector
Five was in control of the station at
Basoka, he visited one day a distant out
post, and found that it would be im
possible for him to reach home until
lato at night. As he looked forward
to a hearty dinner, he requested a head
man, who was with him, and who was
an expert drummer, to send word to
the station several miles away that
dinner was not to be served until he re
turned. ■' The bead man drummed, and
straightway another drummer repeat
ed his message, and so the news was
flashed from point to point until it
reached the distant station. When
Five reached home at night he found
the table laid and the dinner ready to
be served. This was the message his
servants had received: "The Bula
Matori (governor or inspector)' will be
home late in the evening. Don't eat
everything up. " "\
Mistakes are sometimes made in tele
graphing and telephoning, and Peter
de Deken'e second story shows that one
may blunder also in using drum lan
guage. This same Five took several
photographs during his stay at Bas
oko, and on the day of his departure,
the thought struck him that it would
be well to take a photograph of all
those natives who, from time to time,
had acted as his domestic servants.
Accordingly, he ordered a drummer to
notify them that they were to appear
before him at a certain hour in their
holiday clothes. The drummer at once
sent a message, but what was Five's
surprise to find at the appointed hour
— not his servants— but all the police
of the station drawn up in front of his
residence. The drummer, it seems,
had either misunderstood Five or had
blundered in Bonding the message. In
stead of summoning domestic servants
he had summoned state servants.
It is in the evening and at night,
when deep silence reigns in the Afri
can woods and villages, that the drum
language is heard at its best. Then
for hours the drummers of each vil
lage converse with one another and
long before dawn the news which one
communicates may be known to his fel
lows hundreds of miles away. — New
York Herald.
GRANTING RIGHT OF WAY.
Congressman De Vries Introduced the
Following Bill.
A bill to amend certain Acts and
granting rights of way. over public
lands for canals, reservoirs, and so
forth:
Be it enacted by the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United
States of America in Congress assem
bled, That the right of way through
public lands, forest and other reserva
tions, however established, of the
United States and the Yoseraite, Se
quoia, and General Grant national
parks, in California, is hereby granted
for the construction and maintenance
of canals, ditches, pipes and pipe lines,
flumes, tunnels, and other conduits of
water for the purposes of mining, or
milling, or manufacturing, or irriga
tion, or water transportation, or the
development of power, or for the manu
facture, generation, and distribution of
electrical energy, or for any public or
domestic purpose, to the extent of not
to exceed twenty-five feet on each side
of the marginal limits of such
canals, ditches, pipes and pipe lines,
flumes, or other water conduits, and
for the construction of buildings or
machinery used in connection with any
of such works or uses not to exceed
forty acres, and for the construction of
dams and reservoirs of such dimensions
as are practicable and necessary to be
used in connection with or as necessary
to any such work or uses, and for the
storage of catchment or surplus water
for any of said works or uses, imme
diate or in the future; also, there is
hereby granted the right to take ma
terials from lands adjacent to such
works or uses for the construction and
maintenance thereof, and granted the
right to use, whenever available,- tho
natural channels and water courses,'
instead of artificial ' means, for the tak
ing of water to a place of use. j Such'
rights, uses, and privileges are
hereby granted to any citizen, corpora
tion or association of citizens of tbe
United States competent to receive the
same: Provided, That no such right of
way shall be so located, except under
general regulations prescribed by the
Secretary of the Interior, and so as not
to interfere *ith the proper occupa
tion by the Government of any such
work or reservation, and all maps of
location of such shall be subject to the
approval of the Secretary of the la
teriorr'and the rights of way herein'
granted shall not be construed ito in
terfere in any wise with or affect or
control the use of water for irrigation
and other purposes under the authority
of the respective States and Terri
tories. - .^
On Every Bottle
Of Shiloh's Consumption cure is this guaran
tee: "AH we ask of you is to use two-thirds of
the contents of this bottle faithfully, then if
you can say you are not benefited, return the
bottle to your druggist and he may refund the
price paid." Price paid 25c, 50c an<l 11. For
sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. ♦
Beport on San Quentin Bags.
There may be trouble getting grain
bags enough this year. The wardens
of tbe State prison reports: Bags on
hand, 822,089; carried over order from
last year, 416,000; sold since January "l,
1900, 261,000; total sold awaiting ship
ment, 677,000; on hand available for
sale, 145,000; j Raw jute' on hand in the
warehouse 3,357 bales, which will run
the mills till June; contracted to arrive
7000 bales now- loading at Calcutta.
The mills will turn out 1,550,000 bigs
up to June Ist, making at that time a
total of 2,372,000. It is estimated that
up to September Ist, 1,450,000 bags can
be turned out," which will bring the
supply to its maximum, 3,822,000
which is much less than the estimated
demand. The directors decided to be
very cautious in selling any large
quantities of the output of the mills,
and hereafter the maximum amount
which will bo supplied to . any individ
ual buyer may be even loss than 2000.
Owing to the additional cost of jute
and the added expense of running the
mills, including needed repairs, the
price of bags was raised from 5J cents
to 565 cents. This advanco brings
the cost of San Quentin bags within a
fraction of a cent ■of ■ the price
of the Calcutta sacks and largely
reduces competition.
"After doctors failed to cure me of pneu
monia 1 used One Minute Cough Cure and three
bottles of it cured me. It is also tbe best rem
edy on earth for whooping cough. It cured my
grandchildren of the worst cases," writes Jno.
Berry, Loganton, Pa. It is the only harmless
remedy that gives immediate results. Cures
coughs, colds, croup and throat and lung
troubles. It prevents consumption. Children
always like it. Mothers endorse it. City
Pharmacy. •
A Prominent Amador Man.
Amador Andrews has been recently
promoted to the high and responsible
position of general agent of the Adams
Express Company of New York.
Mr. Andrews was tha first boy born
in Amador county after the division,
and for years lived with his parents
in Jackson. In the early days of this
county Mr. Andrews' father was the
agent of Wells, Pargo & Co., and was
highly respected by a host of friends.
Mr. Andrews is a man of unusual
ability and has made rapid progress up
the line of positions of the express
Do Ton Know
Consumption is preventable? Science has
proven that, and also that neglect is suicidal.
The worst cold or cough can'be cured with Shi
loh's Cough and Consumption Cure, Sold on
positive guarantee for over fifty years. For sale
by A Goldner, Druggist .' • .
He Had to Give Up.
An lowa judge recently related an
amusing incident that had occurred in
his court when a colored man was
brought up for some petty offense.
The charge was read, and as the state
ment "The state of lowa against John
Jones" was read in a loud voice the
colored man's eyes bulged nearly out
of their sockets and he seemed over
come with terror and astonishment.
When he was asked if he had any
thing to say or pleaded guilty, or not
guilty he gasped out:
"Well, yo' honab, ef de whole state
o' lowa is agin dis one pore niggah I'ze
gwine to give up right now I']
"I had bronchitis every winter for years and
no medicine gave me permanent relief till I be
gan to take One Minute Cough Cure. . I, know it
is the best cough medicine made." says J.
Koontz, Corry, Pa. It quickly cures coughs,
colds, croup, asthma, grippe and throat and
lung troubles. It is the children's favorite
remedy. City Pharmacy. " ■■"• ?
He Needed a Shave,
Barber.— "You don't need any
WOULD-BE-CUSTOMER. — "All right.
If you find your sister's face all
scratched up to-morrow don't blame
me."
There Were Others.
She.— "No, George, I like you, but
I can never be your wife."
He (haughtily).— "Never mind.
There are others.
She. — "I know there are, George.
I accepted one this morning.
MRS. HARRY LOVE INSANE
Her Husband Killed Joaquin
Murietta.
HOW HARRY LOVE MET HIS DEATH IS RECALLED
Ex-Sheriff Thomas Cunningham Re
lates a Few Incidents of Love's
Ex-Sheriff Cunningham, who, the
other day, was reading of the insanity
of Mrs. Harry Love' of Santa Clara,
whose husband was the slayer of Joa
quin Murietta, the jj famous bandit, re
called Love and his troubles and trials
well.
He was over six feet in height,' pow
erfully, built and wore his, thick, curly
hair long. He had been a Texan ran
ger with Jack Hays and Ben McCul
loch, and was captain of the company
which overtook and killed Joaquin
Murietta, the murderer, who for years
terrorized the state from Siskiyou to
San Diego. Love lived on a ranch near
Santa Clara, but spent a large portion
of his time in San Jose.
About the year 1859 he married the
widow Bennett and thenceforward and
until his death was in a constant whirl
of domestic trouble, which resulted in
lawsuits, separation, reconcilliation
and incessant conjugal infelicities. On
the 20th of June, 1869, he was shot by
Chris Ericson and died from the
effects of an amputation. Ericson was
employed by Mrs. Love as a farm lab
orer and Harry, with or without cause,
became insanely jealous. He ordered
the German to leave and threatened
death as the penalty for disobedience.
Ericson refused to go, on the ground
that he was employed by the wife, and
had nothing to do with the affairs of
the husband.
On the 29th of June Mrs.'Love and
the hired man went to San Jose on
business, while Harry Love, armed
with a shotgun and revolver, ■ and pro
vided with a bag of biscuits, a coffee
pot, and coffee, 'took a position behind
a rail fence on the ranch, near the
gate, and awaited their return. When
the couple had driven to within fifty
yards of the spot where Harry was
crouched, a daughter of Mrs. Love by
her first husband informed them of
the ambuscade. Ericson immediately
sprang from the wagon and advanced
with revolver drawn. Both opened
fire at the same moment and the Ger
man was wounded in the face and arm
with small bird shot, but he continued
to advance.
Love discharged the contents of the
other barrel . of his shotgun and also
fired rive shots from his revolver, with
out, however, inflicting any further in
jury upon Ericson other than the dis
ablement of the right arm. Still per
fectly cool and undaunted, the hired
man pressed on until he reached the
fence. Then, bending over the rail, he
shifted his pistol to bis left hand and
fired at his enemy at close quarters,
the bullet striking Love in the right
arm, shattering the bone. At this
juncture the slayer of Murietta broke
into a howl of fear and pain. After
frantically calling in vain for help, he
started for the house on the wild run.
The game was now in Ericson 's hands.
Springing lightly over tho fence he
gave chase. On the way he picked up
Love's pistol, which had been dropped,
and, comingup with his enemy, struck
him a heavy blow on the head with the
weapon, clubbed, which bad an effect
of stretching Love prostrate and
senseless on the ground.
Love died from, a surgical operation
performed as a result of the injury,
and Ericson was discharged. — Stockton
Record. , '■- "'-"'_ :
To Keep tbe Water From Freezing.
The Dawson City Water Works has
introduced a novel method of supply
ing its . patrons during the "coldest
months of the Klondike winter. Over
the hydrant of each person who agrees
to pay $1 a week for the servico it
erects a wooden house measuring six
feet in all three dimensions. Each of
these houses contains a small stove, in
which the company keeps a fire day
How Is Your Wife?
Has she lost her beanty ? If so constipation,
indigestion, sick headache, are the principal
causes, Karl's Clover Root Tea has cured these
ills for half a century. Price 25c and 50c.
Money refunded if results are not satisfactory.
For sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. - : •
Douglass Was Sold For $100.
J. C. Schaffer, of Evanston, 111., has
recently come into possession of the
"original bill of sale which conveyed
Frederick Douglass from one master to
another. The consideration named in
the bill is $100. The document was
written eleven years after Douglass es
caped from slavery, and the sale was in
reality a penalty exacted by Thomas
Auld, who had pwned Douglass, of his
brother, Hugh Auld, from whose cus
tody he had run away.— New York
Tribune.
Experience is the best Teacher. Use Acker's
English Remedy in any case of coughs, colds or
croup. Should it rail to give immediate relief
money refunded. 25 cents and 50 cents. Sold by
A. Uoldner.
Ht Didn't Need Help.
"I hardly know how to begin, sir,'.'
said the would-be son-in-law, as a
starter. "Permit mo to help you
out," said the old man. The words
were polite enough, but the young
man ' thought he saw a glare and
, got out unassisted,
A New Mosquito.
Newark has a new breed of mos
quitoes. This appalling intelligence is
gleaned from one of the papers pub
lished in that city. .ThuHe new mos
quitoes are not to be kept out of
houses by any of tho screens now in
use. They are so small that they get
into tho T rooms of the unhappy resi
dents of tho flourishing "city on the
Passaic river and bite them with the
ferocity hitherto unknown even in tho
State which is famous for its mosquitos.
The doctors are .trying to comfort the
people by telling them" that these mos
quitos will eat malaria germs with
more avidity than the ordinary New
Jersey breed, but the people are not
satisfied. Some of them are declaring
that their Board of Health ought to
do something about it. Just how the
Board of. Health can constantly take
action looking toward the extermina
tion of any insect which will eat the
germs of malaria is not explained. —
New York Times.
•'•I had dyspepsia for years.' Nolnedicine was
so effective as Kodol Dyspepsia Cure. It gave
immediate relief. Two bottles produced mar
velous results," writes L. H. W*arren, Albany,
Wis. It digests what you eat and cannot fail
to cure. City Pharmacy. •
Important Events in American History.
A few of the noted events in the pro
gress of the American nation are as
follows:
1620, landing on Plymouth Rock.
1621, first Thanksgiving Day; no turkey.
1622, first meeting house built.
1640, first printing press.
1648, first witches hanged.
1649, men are commanded to wear
short hair.
1702, Yale College founded in New
Haven.
1704, first newspaper printed in Bos
ton.
1705, coffee is tasted.
1705, tea is tried, but taxation makes
it costly.

John Dirr, Poseyville, Ind., says, "I never
used anything as good as One Minute Cough
Cure. We are never without it." Quickly
breaks up coughs and colds. Cures all throat
and lung troubles. Its use will prevent con
sumption. Pleasant to take. City Pharmicy.
Must Be Respected.
Nearly $200 in ten cent subscriptions
has been raised in Cleveland, Ohio, for
the purpose of beantifying the grave of
Moses Cleveland, the founder of the
city. The plan is to buy the property
in which the Cleveland family is buried
and to place an iron railing around it
and plant flowers in the plot. The
grave is in an abandoned cemetery in
Canterbury, Conn., which is neglected
to such an extent that sheep graze
among the tombstones and cattle wan
der about the place unmolested. — New
York Tribune.
MISCELLANEOUS.
-»^ T _^- r - Love is the
y^P Hl^f 'iA. ji corner-stone of a
ilnjjip Oil nil! he *; h °p es J 'jp oll
Jpl/X&w WssSm an d around those
JmJi3-3^~*J&& P~ tender affections
49fv. A Iw Bt which she cher-
ry J ishes toward the
WJKyC]^^r' ones who are
<y~ V^-^xjV*^f dear to her, and
. :'"?. ■■ •» which she looks
to receive from them in return.
This is woman's nature; it is the God-
given instinct that makes her a fond
and tender sweetheart ; a comforting,
helpful wife ; an ever-loving, solicitous,
care-taking mother.
When a woman. feels that the responsi-
bilities and duties of wif ehood and moth-
erhood have become irksome to her — a
burden and trouble rather than a source
of uplifting and inspiration— it shows that
there is some deficiency in her physical
.make-up; some abnormal and unhealthy
condition of the delicate and important
special ■tructure of womanhood.
Many thousands of women annually write to
Dr. R. V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N. V., the eminent
specialist In women's diseases requesting profes-
sional advice — whifh he is always glad to send
without charge — and telling him or the marvel-
ous benefits they have received from his won-
derful "Favorite Prescription" in building up.
their special health and physical energy.
" I would like to express my gratitude to you
for the bantnt I have received from your won-
derful 'Favorite Prescription,'" writes Mrs.
H. C. Anderson, of South Britain, New Haven
Co., Conn. "During the first month of preg-
nancy 1 could nor keep anything on my stom-
ach. I was to sick that I had to go to bed and
stay for weeks.
"X tried different doctors, but with little bene-
fit. I read about many being helped by using
your medicine so I thought I would give it a
trial. I began to take ' Favorite Prescription '
in November ana I had a nice little baby girl in
February following. My baby weighed over
eight pound*. I was only in hard labor about
one hour and got along nicely during confine-
ment; was up and dressed on the eighth day.
" The ' Favont* Prescription ' helped me won-
derfully. It Kept m« from havine a miscarriage.
This makts my second child, with the first one
I did not take ' Favorite Prescription ' and I had
» miscarriage This last baby is as plump and
healthy as any mother could wish."
Send 2i one-ctat stamps to pay cost of
mailing only for a free copy of Dr. Fierce's
thousand -page Medical Adviser ; or 31
stamps for a cloth-bound copy.
DlHieiUPllli
Welter Building, Main Street, Jackson
DRESSMAKING and .
FANCY NECKWEAR '-;■£
MRS. ANNIE M. WELLER, Proprietress
•••••a
: l # a. Kent 5
• Blacksmith 2
• Wagonmaker and •
5 Horseshoei%« ' X
S /"CARRIAGE PAINTING AND GEN, 5
Z Kj era.l Smithing attended to with dis- Z
Z patch at reasonable rates. Holder's old Z
J stand. Main street, Jackson. J
•••••a
A. LIEBHARDT
OPlii AND CIPMiI
Water Street, Jackson
PARLOR SUITS LOUNGES AND MAT-
tresses made to order and repaired. Car-
pets taken up and relaid.
- PLYMOUJH-JACKSON
DAILY STAGE LINE
Leaves Plymouth 6:30 a. m.
Leaves Jackson 2:30 p. m.
JOHN STEINER, • Proprietor
MISCELLANEOUS.




THE COFFEE HOUSE

•••••a

JACKSON, CAL.
Basement of the Webb Building

Everything New, Neat and Clean
MEALS SERVED AT ALL HOURS
THE BEST
• .-: >;. •=- . THE MARKET
AFFORDS
ALWAYS
ON HAND
Guests treated with consideration and re-
spect at all times.
Best liquors and Cigars at the Bar
;^-. 1 -;'i.' ; *:'-" :^ HAMBRIC & CARLEY. 1
M. A.  MAILS
For the Best
Assortment of
Dry Goods
SHOES
AND
Furnishing   Goods
Of All Kinds
For Ladies
And Children
At the Lowest Prices
GO TO
M. A. MAILS
Sutter Creek
••••a*
: it's. Not 5
• Expensive==# *
• It's the quality that's high in Tea •
• Garden Drips, Toboggan Maple •
• " Syrup und Pelican Louisiana Mo- •
• . lasses, -. 0
• For sale by tirst-class grocers in •
• cans only. Money refunded If the •
• goods are not satisfactory. Don't •
• accept an imitation. See that the •
• manufacturer's name is litho- •
• graphed on every can. •
m Pacific Coast S
9 . Syrup Company ♦ I
0 713-71U Sansome street, San Francisco Z
••••a*
IK OF AMADOR COUNTY
- Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : : : $50,000
President..; Henry Eudey
Vice-President S. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudey
BOAKD OF DIRECTORS:
Henry Eudey, S. G. Spagnoli, John Strohm, C.
Marelia and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT.— Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from the liankof Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from are
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postottlce or express. Money sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. We have the latest Quota-
tions on foreign exchange. - - ■
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bunk of Amador County.
They receive deposits from $5 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die it can't be found and you are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Importud and Domestic
Wines4iquors*Cigars
yVSTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
XJ tell Cognac, Moot & disunion, White Seal
and Private Cuvco Cuumpagno; Morgan Bros.',
Puerto dv Santa Maria Stiurrius; lioyul Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Frores,
Bordeaux. Clarets and Sauterncs; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY, Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ited, Walkerville. Ontario, Canada; John de
Kuyper & Zaan, Rotterdam, Gin; Gilka Kucm-
mel, from J. A. Gilku, Berlin; Barthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester N. V., Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Uuinncss'
Stout and Bass' Alo (bottled by Read Bros.,
London) ; Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Alo; Naglee Brandy; Reimported American
Whiskies.
: . .. .
GLOBE HOTEL
Corner Main and Court Streets
JACKSON, CAL.
P. DVVYER, : :: : Proprietor;
First-Class in Every Respect
ESPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO COM-
mercial travelers. Sample rooms con-
nected with the house. Tho very best of ser-
vice guaranteed to patrons.
Good Meals, 23 Cents
L. OETTINGKR " S. N. KNIGHT
KNIOHT Sl CO.-V:-V:
Foundry § Machine Shop
Sutter Creek, Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to cull the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
and complete stock of bar, rctlncd und Norway
iron, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc, which we will
soil at the LOWEST CASH PRICES,
Ten Cents Per Copy.
LAWYERS.
E. A. FREEMAN
Office In Marelia building, corner Main and
Court streets. :-.>.
D. B. SPAGNOLI
Attorney and Counselor at Law

Jackson. Cal.
Practice in all the States and Federal courts.
Office: Spagnoli building, opposite Hall of
Records.
A. CAMINETTI
Attorney and Counselor at Law
Will practice in all the State and Federal
courts.
ROBERT C. BOLE
Attorney-at-Law
Jackson, Cal.
Office: Farley building, Summit street.

~^"EIL A. aiAUQCARKIE
T ■ -—, ;._ Attorney and Counselor at Law
Jackson, Cal.
Office: Spagnoli block, Courthouse square.
T " W. CALDWELL
fj ■
Attorney-at-Law
Jackson, Cal.
Will practice in all courts of the State . -
TIT- H. WILLIS
Attorney-at-Law
Jackson, Cal. .
Office: With E. A. Freeman. Practice in all
State Courts.
TOHN F. OAVIS ■
-r— LAWYER —
Jackson, Cal.
Office on Summit Street, opposite Courthouse.
JACOB L. SARGENT
— ATTORNEY —
Jackson, Cal.
Office: Marelia building. Court street. Mines
and mining laws a specialty.
NOTARIES.
"TTILDA CLOUGH
Stenographer and Notary Public
.- - ■
Jackson, Cal.
Office, Judge Davis' law offices, Summit Street.
DOCTORS.
Tp V. TIFFANY •
. Physician and Surgeon
«- Office on Main Street ::::::
-J-JR. C. H. GIBBONS
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office and residence in Weil & Renno building
Office hours: 8 p.m. to 4 p. m., and when not
otherwise engaged. Sunset telephone, Main
"CIKEI) HUTCHINS, M. D.
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
-—'-'. ;. '
Office with Dr. Robertson, in the Kay building.
Will be in his office every evening (Sunduvs ex-
cepted)lrom7to9.
:
Tf E. ENDICOTT, M. D.
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times,
T\R. E. V. LONIGO
Physician and Surgeon
Office: Webb building, Main 'street. Resi-
dence: Broadway, near Marre's Hotel.
pvR. A. M. GALL
- Physician and Surgeon
:\ x Jackson, Cal.
Office in Weil & Renno building, Main Street.
jyj" C. SIMMONS
Physician and Surgeon
Sctteb Creek, Cal.
Office: Richards building. Residence: Sut-
ter Hotel. -
DR. J. H. GILES
-
Physician and. Surgeon
Setter Creek, Cal.
Office: Eureka Street, one block east of Main.'
; DENTISTS.
"TVH. C. A.. HEIIKICK
' DENTIST !"
;.V-;;-:V-:--;v ■■-'•■ ■.-■■•
Jackson. Cal,
Office in Kay building. Hours from 9 a. m. to
5 p.m.
~ITT F. GREEN
DENTIST
Jackson. Cal.
Webb block. Main Street. Makes a specialty
of crown and bridge work.
: MISCELLANEOUS.
JACKSON
Marble' and Granite Works
HEADSTONES
MONUMENTS
All Kinds of Marble and Granite
Granite curbings from 11.35 (and upward) a
foot. Cement curbings 60 cents a foot.
Come and see me, for you will be well pleased
with my work.
A. FRANATOVICH, Jackson, Cal.
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, Jackson
Dealer in
WATCHES, CLOCKS JEWELRY*
AND SILVERWARE
*3P" All trcods warranted as represented
Repairing of watches, Clocks and jewelry t
specialty, .•--■. VTHE AMADOR LEDGER
Published Fridays by
AMADOR COUNTY PUBLISHING COMPANY.'
One Year fif not in advance) $3 00
One Year (in advance) '....,.....'. 2 50
Six Months ; \. ..."..... l 25
Three Months 75
One or More Copies of the Ledger, each }': io
Legal Advertising— Per Square— First 1n5erti0n....;....:.;...: $1 00
Subsequent Insertions— Per Square— each 50
P. BUFFIN6TON ; : : : Editor and Manager
FRIDAY.... ; FEBRUARY 9, 1900
SENATOR THOS. R. BARD.
Governor Perkins no longer carries the United States
Senatorial burden all alone. He has a running mate who is
expected to share equally the honors and the duties. Cali
fornia will now be represented in the United States Senate by
two able men instead of one. The whole State should rejoice
at the happy termination of a long and bitterly contested
fight for a successor to Stephen M. White. The agony is
over; the pipe of peace has been passed from lip to lip, elo
quent speeches have been made and everything is lovely in
the Republican camp.
Thomas R. Bard was born in*Chambersburg, Franklin
county, Pa., December 8, 1841, the son of Robert M. Bard, an
attorney of wide practice and acknowledged ability. He is of
Scotch-Irish descent. The advent of his ancestors to this
country dates back to 1745. They were among the earliest
of Pennsylvania settlers, and took a prominent, part in the
struggles of this country for independence.
When the Civil War broke out Mr. Bard was located at
Hagerstown, Md., which was on the border between the North
and South, and although he had scarcely attained his major
ity he enlisted in the Federal Army, taking part in the battle
of Autietam and other sharp engagements. His executive
ability came before the observation of Colonel Thomas A.
Scott, then Assistant Secretary of War, who took the young
man in his command, where he rendered valuable assistance
to the transportation department. In 1865 Colonel Scott- in
duced him to come to California to take charge of his large
interests in Ventura and adjoining counties, comprising in
all about 277,000 acres of land. Mr. Bard managed these
large estates until Colonel Scott's death, when he became his
administrator and closed out the property. He was obliged
to give bonds in the sum of $1,500,000, all within the county
of Ventura, but he had no trouble in securing the amount,
farmers going on his bond for all they were worth. Had he
defaulted the whole county would have been bankrupt.
At the present time Mr. Bard is largely interested in the
petroleum industry of Southern California, and is one of the
chief executives of the Union Oil Company. He is also pres
ident o£the Bank of Huenemeand the Hueneme Wharf Com
pany. He was one of the incorporators of the first bank of
Ventura, and also organized the Simi and Las Posas Land
and Water companies.
In 1876 Mr. Bard married Miss Mary Gerberding of San
Francisco. Eight children have resulten from the union,
seven of whom — four boys and three girls—are living. His
home life is described by those who know him as ideal. Mr.
Bard is~a man of fine presence, large frame, keen gray eyes
and pleasing address. His friends boast that he has not spent
so much as the price of a cigar to secure his nomination.
THE KENTUCKY SITUATION.
'f The Dark and Bloody Ground," is always exhibiting
some eccentric phase of social or political life. Today, the
Nation stands aghast at a crime that is in no sense American.
Senator Goebel, the defeated candidate for Governor of
Kentucky, and a contestant for the office, before the legisla
tive Returning Board, was shot down, in a cowardly manner,
by a hidden assassin. Every American, worthy of the name,
deplores the event and wishes speedy retribution to overtake
the cowardly miscreant who contrived and executed the das
tardly outrage. Blind passion frequently produces appalling
crime, but the cold and stealthy execution of a murder for
the promotion of any cause is odious to all good citizens.
This crime is abhorrent, cowardly in execution, and
should obtain no indulgence from any quarter.
The political situation in Kentucky is serious. Gov
ernor Taylor, who was elected by the people, and seated by a
Democratic Returning Board, has had to face a determination
on the part of a section of the Democratic party, with Senator
Goebel as leader, to obtain by means of legislation, the Gov
ernorship to which he (Taylor) was elected. It has been a
trying situation, and he has exhibited, if not broad political
sagacity, at least Kentucky pluck, in his efforts to retain the
office to which he was elected.
__, -KT.-t "I'll 1 ...
From a National standpoint he has made a mistake, in
placing himself in armed antagonism to the Legislative and
civil authorities of the State. Had Governor Taylor submit
ted quietly to the verdict that seemed inevitable, from the
perniciously partizan Legislature, appealed to the courts, and
if finally worsted, vacated the gubernatorial chair, no power
on earth could have kept the State out of the Republican col
umn next Fall. As it stands at present, a false estimate is
likely to be put on his every act, and the sentiment of; the
community, which goes out, often without reason in cases of
this kind, will strengthen his enemies, and no man can tell
the result, for the end is not yet. . j
That Senator Goebel was largely responsible for the
present excited, condition of political tension, cannot be
THE AMADOBLEDGEII: JACKSON, AJii-LrFOltyiA. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1900.
doubted for a moment. He had prepared the law which "was
intended to place the State permanently on the- Democratic
side. It was considered unfair, even by -a large element of
his own party, hence his defeat at the polls. But the. entire
scheme was cunningly devised and he would probably have
succeeded iv his designs, but for his untimely death.
It is to be presumed, that the shooting of this man was
the work of souijl crank or personal enemy, and it is.justVas
likely that the perpetrator of -; the crime was a democratic
enemy, as that he was a republican.' No one in his senses
can believe that any of those in authority knew of, or sanc
tioned such a cowardly murder. .
As we go to press, it is reported that;an agreement has
been reached, by which Governor Taylor submits to the
power of the Legislature, and the office passes over* to the
Lieutenaut Governor declared to have been elected on the
Democratic. ticket.
This action of Governor Taylor will be commended' by
all cool-headed Republicans as wise, and in every way sen
sible. It is often better to submit to injustice, than attempt
to enforce justice at the expense of the peace of a whole
community. .. \ '•..
If Grant made a mistake in backing the Louisiana and
Florida returning boards with Federal troops, ' President
McKinley is not going to repeat it, but has sensibly decided
to ke,ep hands off Kentucky and let her settle her own politi
cal difficulties by the lawful methods at her command and
which are now being invoked. — Chronicled .'
The newspapers in Russia openly advocate pressing the
advantage that Great Britain's difficulties in South Africa
give their country. The newspapers claim that the ultimate
prosperity of Russia depends upon carrying but now plans
which Great Britain has heretofore frustrated.^;- "*
Senator Goebel of Kentucky, died of his woundi at
6:45, Saturday afternoon, Feb. 3d. His sister, Mrs. Braun
acker; his brother, Arthur Goebel, of Cincinnati, and. Dr.
McCormack were the only persons present when he died. He
was alone with his brother and sister a half hour- during the
day, giving instructions relative to his business affairs.
General Buller is evidently^ making the fight of his
life to reach and relieve Ladysmith. Unless he can accomp
lish this thing his reputation as a great general, will certainly
suffer. With a little more of General Grant's determination
he could do it, but probably at .1 great loss of life.
GEOLOGY OF RIVER CHANNELS
The Great Kiver Channel of
THE FAMOUS DEPOSITS OF WEALTH IN THEM
ibis Great Gravel Bed, the Channels
and Drifts Bon North and
South.
JOHN A. FAULL
The great majority of gold is very
fine. Occasionally there are found
large boulders, but one main channel
break is found at Dutch Flat. Here
we have a sudden change, first the al
luvion deposits, then a series of gravel
and bouldera of greater or ' less magni
tude called the surface wash; the sec
ond wash contains what, is known as
pumpkin seed gold, a very heavy de
posit of quartz boulders, some of
which weigh fifty tons; in some "of
these boulders gold has been found.
From this it has been reasoned that
quartz Is the mother of gold, yet nine
teen-twentietbs of all the gold taken
from our river beds and channels has
been froe, angular and rough, some
times, but very rarely, scaley. In the
surface earth tho alluvial, which has
been found Is a little flakey but none of
the quartz gold shows anything like
the gravel gold. The ono is contained
in silica crystallized, the- other is free
in a grain-liko or nodular form in the
wash amidst all of rock. I say in
passing, that oxygen constitutes one
lifth part pf our atmosphere; eight
ninths of the weight of water and a
large percentago of our rooks. Hydro
gen forms the remaining part of water
and enters into some kinds of .rocks.
The metal silicon unites with oxygen
in nearly equal parts to form silica, the
base of one-half the rocks of the
earth's crust. The gases go to make
up the water, air and rocks, but have
nothing to do with the gold. Wo
know that ninty-ntne per cent of a
pure quartz crystal is silica. The gpld
must be accounted for in some other
way. :^-:":
The gold found by miners is often
called nuggets, not frequently found in
river beds of the present day, but often
found in the gravel beds of the west
and east drifts, for as such I regard
those great arms. There is neither
form nor continuity to those drifts.
They groove, slide and. twist in all di
rections. Some are small whilst others
are large and of various lengths.
Many are covered with pudding stone
and lava like cement. For instance
the Cherokee wash in Butte county.
In this mining district all of the minus
are found in pits of greater or less mag
nitude; none are regular. Around Oro
villo on the banks of tho Feather river
the gravel covers many thousands of
acres, with the bed rock in pits and
huuiite. Spine are deep enough to
drift whilst others «.i'o mere surface
diggings. We will look a little south
to the American river and examine the
country from Coloma, | the gold-find of
Marshall, to Coon IJollflw &nd th.c ad
jucent diggings. Here the drift ;is
heavy, the side . ravines were found to
be very rich. These are also - gold
channels and need but to be looked at
to convince the examiner that they are
mere deposits made by a secondary
river, taking their wash from the great
gravel line. They .can also see that the
glacial drift, was of great" length "and
width and that the main channel was
swept away by some cause that we can
not now explain from any evidence.
If we follow up this stream from
Placerville to Sportsman's hall,- in
Strawberry Valley over Slippery Ford,
it will be seen that from seventeen to
twenty miles in length of the moun
tain side has been swept away, leaving
granite rocks hundreds of tons in
weight. Go a little further south and
the arm is found running west, almost
at right angles to the mountain chain.
Reaching the base of the mountains at
lone Valley, a description of which we
will find in another chapter, it presents
no connection between these streams.
The only evidence that can be given is
scratches upon the mountain sides,
where the abrasion has not been too
ffreat to cover the ancient drifts.
When we reach Lancha Plana,
where the table-like Buttes aro seen,
the result of drifting having doubtless
formed them at the waters' edge of
the present ocean. There we can see
the tide marks. We take the level at.
this place and find that the slope of the
mountain range is about six and one-"
half degrees. Lot me here note that
■what is known as Butto Basin iv
Amador county, south of Jackson, is a
glacial pit, supposed by many to be
rich in gold. The top rim was rich;
the bottom holds a gonii yet to be
brought forth, '
We will now ask the traveled miner
or student to look at the thousands of
acres of bar bed-rock to be found and
then ask themselves what kind ot
rivers were they that made those
gravel beds, where they came from
and how headed. If we say .that the
whole earth was at one time\covered
with water, it can be claimed that
these deposits were formed under the
water on the bed of the sea. If formed
after the assumed uplift, from whence
came tho wash of this vast system?
To my mind there is but one answer,
and that is the lateral moraine, the
drift from tho great icecap that cover
ed the mountains. It will be asked
again ''Where did the gold comofrom?"
That question has been asked, thous
ands of times, and will be asked from
the morning of time until the end.
[Concluded]
Annual Meeting
Tho regular annual meeting of the
shareholders of the Carrara marble
quarry of Amador county, will bo held
on Monday, February 12, 1900, at tho
office of tho company, 628 Montgomery
street, 2d floor, roOm 12, at 3 o'clock
p. ra., San Francisco, California, for
the purpose of electing a Board of Di
rectors for tho ensuing year and for
tho transaction of other business that
may come up before tho board,
.' C. Donders, Secretary.
Office of company, 628 Montgomery
street, 2d floor, room 12, San Francisco
Cal - l; 1 - 2-2-16
Remember That
You can always get good, fresh llsh the whole
year round at A. B, CaminettJ's Central Mar
ket, Main street, Jackson. ". ;' 8-4-99
Uncalled-for letters.
Letters remaining unclaimed in the
Jackson, Cal., Postotlice, fpr the week
ending February 9, 1900;
K. (i. Williams Charles Stacy
Charles MerriUeld N. A, Samon (cd)
G. C. FOLGER, Postmaster.
School of Dressmaking.
The undersigned will return to Jack
son in time to open the socond term of
nor School pf Dressmaking March Ist.
Pupils fpr this term will not he re
ceived after March la.
2-9-tf Mrs. R, E. McConnew.,
LINCOLN TO BE REMEMBERED
A Monutnent Will Soon Be
Erected.
SOME ANECDOTES OF THE GREAT LIBERATOR
Schools Will Hold Short Exercises
and Will Also Help Swell the'
Monument Fund. •'
Monday, 'Fobruary^ 12, 1900, will be
Lincoln Day, and throughout the
great system of schools in the United
States teachors and pupHs will unite in
a patriotic effort to praise the name qf
Lincoln.
The Lincoln Monument League is
seeking the aid of yie people on the
Pacific Coast to erect a companion
piece to the Statue of Liberty at the
entrance to the harbor of New York.
The Lincoln Monument to be- placed at
the exit of the harbor.
To recall the life of that noble figure
in this nation's history we give the fol
lowing:
A' story by Lincoln:' 'V'. 1 :
EDUCATION A GROWTH.
Mr. Lincoln, himself, told tho follow
ing story of his life:^-"When I was
about eighteen years old I went into
an office to study law. After a while I
saw that a lawyer's, business . was
largely to prove things, and I said to
myself, 'Lincoln, when is a thing
proved?' That was . a poser. I could
not "answer that question. What con
stitutes a proof? Not evidence, that
was not to the point. There may be
evidence enough but wherein consists
tho proof? J. was reminded of. the
Garman'who was tried for some crime,
and they brought half-a-dozen respec
table men who swore that they saw
the prisoner commit the crime. 'Vel
vot of dot?' said the Teuton; 'six men
schvears dot dey sees mo do tho pish
ness, I prings more as two tozen good
men, who schvears they" did not see
me do it. ' So, wherein is the proof?
I fairly groaned over the question and
finally said to mysolf, 'Ah, Lincoln,
you can't tell. Then I thought, what
use is it for me to be in a law office,' if
I can't tell a thing is proved? Sol
gave it up and wont back home over in
Kentucky. Soon after I returned to
the log cabin, I fell in with a copy of
Euclid. I had not tho slightest no
tion what Euclid was, and I thought I
would find out. I found out; but it
was no easy job. I looked into the
book and I found it was all about lines,
anglet, surfaces, and solids; but I
could not understand it all. I there
fore began very deliberately at the be
ginning. I learned the definitions and
axioms, I demonstrated ' the first pro
position; I said that is simple enough.
I went on. to the next, and before
spring : I had gone through that old
Euclid and could demonstrate evory
proposition in it. I knew it from' be-'
ginning to end; you could "not stick me
on the hardest of them. Ono day in
the spring, when I hod got through
with it, I said to myself, 'Ah, do you
know now when a thing is proved?'
and I answered out loud, 'Yes,;, sir; I
do — and you may go back to the law
shop,' In a few weeks I wont, and to
this circumstance I owe all the logical
acumen that I possess. I dug it out of
that old geometry, often by the light
of pine knots; but I got it, and I think
that nothing but geometry will teach a
man the power of abstract reasoning."
From the Saturday Evening Post:
Senator Mason of Illinois recently
told a new and characteristic" story,
about Abraham' Lincoln. It was
while ho was delivering his noted
speech against ' absorbing the Philip
pines. He said that in the great joint
debate between Lincoln and Douglas in
front of the courthouse in Chicago an
eye witness told him that Judge Doug
las forgot himself for a moment and
charged . Mr. Lincoln with being an
Abolitionist, adding: •
' "Perhaps our candidate upon the
Abolitionist ticket wants a colorod
woman for a wife?" •■■',; ■■:;■-.
Lincoln rose like the opening of a
jack-knifo. Without even addressing
the chair he stopped out in front of the
audience facing the hotel and looking
down the street, said:
"No, I do. not wish her for a wife;
neither do I wish her for my slave."
A mighty cheer greeted tho senti
ment and Judge Douglas made no
further allusion to tho Abolitionists.
. . ■ The following anecdotes of Lincoln
,aro interesting:
:«' FEARLESS IN SPEECH. • ,•
" One of tho numerous paymasters at
Washington sought an introduction to
Mr. Lincoln. He arrived at tho White
House quite opportunely, and was in
troduced to tho Presidont by the
United States .Marshal, with his
blandost smilo. Whilo shaking hands
with tho Presidont, tho paymaster re
marked, "I have no official business
with you, Mr. President; I only called
to pay my complimonts." "I under
stand," repliod "honest Abe," "and
from tho complaints of the soldiers, I
think that is all you do pay."
HUMOROUS TACT.
As soon as tho West Virginia State
Bill passed Congress, Mr. Carlisle, true
to his purpose, went at once to the
Presidont. "Now, Mr. Lincoln, " said
LAW AND ABSTRACT OFFICE :,
AMADQR COUNTY ABSTRACT COMPANY > ;.;
The Only Set »f Abstract Books ( Property System ) in
Amador County ;. ..
— George I. Wright, Sole Owner .
\ Office;— Gordon Building, Courthouse Square, JACKSOX. CAL.
Prompt Attention and Accurate Information Given to Letters of Inquiry.
ABSTRACTS OF MINING PROPERTIES A SPECIALTY
he, "you must veto that bill."
'.'Well, '.'/said the • honest President,
with just' the least bit in the world of
humor; : "I'll tell you what I'll do; I'll
split the difference and say nothing
about it.
MIRTHFUL IRONY, j;
Judge Baldwin* an old and highly re
spectabie gentleman, solicited a pass
outside the Union lines to see a brother
in Virginia, but being refused, finally
obtained an interviow with Lincoln and
stated his case. "Have ypu applied to
General Halleck?'! inquired the Presi
dent. f'And met with a flat refusal,"
said Judgß B. "Then you must see
btanton," continued the President. "I
have, and with the same result," was
the reply. "Wull, then, " said the
President, with a smile of good humor,
I can do nothing, for you must know
that I have very little influence with
this Administration."
UNSELFISH PATRIOTISM. .
. During. a conversation on the ap
proaching election, • in 1864, a gentle
man remarkod to President Lincoln
that nothing could defeat him but
Grant's capture of Richmond, to be
followed by his nomination at Chicago
and. acceptance. "Well," said the
President,. \'l feel very much like the
man who. said he didn't want to die
particularly, but if he had got
to die that was precisely the
disease he would like to die of. "
The Dr. Giles Trial.
For fourteen days the ."trial of Dr.
Giles coutinued, the case going to the
.jury between three and four o'clock
last Monday afternoon. . Tho twelve
men remained out all night, and failing
to agroo, were discharged the follow
ing forenoon. It is reported that there
were seven for acquittal and five for
couviction, while from other sonrces
the reverse is given out. We under
stand that on February 20th, a decision
relative to future action in regard to
the case' will be made.
Amoug • the items of the expense of
'the trial aro the following: Paid to
the jury that failed to agree, $403. }0;
to Stenographer Doan, $383.50. < Such
cases cost money, but that is no reason
why justice should not bo,meeted out.
That's what property -"'holders are
taxed for, that every department, in
cluding that of Justice, should be
financially equipped for any emergency,
no matter how expensive.
You Aren't in It
Unless you get some of McMillan's stamp
photos. He's doing a landottlce business. 13-899
The New Bailroad.
The surveyors for the lone, Sutter
and Jackson railroad are still busy run
ning their meridian line of survey and
choosing the best -of the routes run as
the preliminary survey. That the new
road will bo under way in a short time
there can hardly bo a doubt. The final
survey will establish the route to be
taken and will cut off all the places
possible where costly road building wjll
be necessitated. — lone Echo. ■
For Bent.
A practically new six-room house in the Ma
sou-Webb tract. Very conveniently arranged.
Inquire at this omce for further particulars.
l-M-TO
MISCELLANEOUS.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦ .
:: Drugs! Drugs! Drugs! I
;; FRESH AND PURE •
I CITY * PHARMACY i
< > . . . . . • <
< ■ - • * ■ i
<; Also a Full Stock of <
] ; Goods Pertaining to my <
< Line of Business. <
]: I KEEP THE BEST OF EVERYTHING ;!
J ', ROBERT I." KEEE ',
i • Main Street JACKSON !
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦I
!. L. GODFREY
BUILDER, JOINER AND WORKER IN WOODS
Water Street, Jackson
IS PREPARED TO DO ALL KINDS OF
plain or ornamental work. Bookcases,
Wardrobes, Commodes, etc., turned out in tbe
most skillful manuer. Window Screens and
Blinds made in short order. Orders from the
country attended to promptly. ■ .•
FIRE ACCIDENT LIFE
L. J. FONTENROSE
General Insurance Agent
and Searcher of Records
Office : Marelia building, Court street. Jackson
» Nffl t lIIII 'f Hilt
(Ot Italian usage)
Jackson, Amador County, Cal.
V. GIOVANNONI, : Proprietor...
A FTER CONSIDERABLE EXPENSE AND
2. V l° n 5 work we havo arrived at tbe point ot
utility to perfect tbe best qualities of Italian
paste. Shipments made and prices reasonable.
ANTONE RATTO
Carpenter and Contractor
T?<STIMATES GIVEN ON ALL KINDS OF
lh work. Jobbing and repairing work at-
tended to promptly. Address at Fregulia's
shop, Broadway, Jackson.
LIVE BUSINESS HOUSES.
t"""""< — — - — _ — :: — _ —^^
WE'RE SWEEPING OUT
WINTER STOCK
. - t *^ - ' -
Special line of Underwear at cost. Cloth-
ing,. Boots and Shoes, Hats, etc. Carpets
and Matting, Furniture, Hardware. Grocer- :
cries, etc. ij
The prices are too small to quote; call
at the store and see; they will surprise you. I
GEORGE NEWMAN
Main Street, l~i rirron — -
sj Complete
ij New Stock Received
q< | Composed of all kinds of goods for Winter Wear
B; Vicuna Wool Underclothing
8 Ready-Made Garments for Ladies
• Flannelettes
2 Mackintoshes
• Rubber Boots
• BOOTS AND SHOES of the very latest style and
• pattern. The best stock ever brought to Amador
• county
Qt ..- ,' Fresh and new stock of
• GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS"
• GLAVINOVICH & PARKER^
2 CORNER COURT AND MAIN STREETS
• Sunset Telephone — — : — ; : -♦
MISCELLANEOUS.-"
IN CASH PREMIUMS
ARE BEING OFFERED BY
Tlie CirLCiniisiti ZE3n.a-i3.irer
Nearest Correct Guesses on the Population of
the United States
To be reported by the U. S. Census Bureau for 1900 s£
Ii * Tbe first census ' of the United States was i
' ■ ten . years. The result of each census has < •
< i been as follows: c ■
-■<>'■ ii
« > Tear- Population Tear. Population , ,
: : 1"° I'tiliil 186 ° • 31 4 43- 3 21: :
: : :}SS".".::"iS!SS 187 ° 88 ' 8S8 ' 371 : ;
■ < • 1840 17,069,453 188 ° 50,165,783 , ,
\ i 1850 23,191,876 1890...... 62,622,250 ] |
< ' Here you have the figures of a basis ot calcn- < >
< ' lation. The problem now Is: What will be the <
« ' population of the United States, excluding re- ' >
J< ' cent acquisitions, but the total of States, Ter- < >
J | | ritories and the District of Columbia? ' ' k.
>vT ■To the First Nearest Correct) <tt nnn nn '' s\
/cAj< i Guess Beceived / 83,000.00 , Y^\
. «gfc~-da' To the Second ~ 1,500.00 " |><||ji»
\(&A< Tothe Third 750.00 \\ CfeT"
Vji To the Fourth > 500.00 <> i/ X-,
To the Fifth 250.00 '' t
V, To the Sixth 200.00 ', |
■ ■v. < Tothe Seventh 150.00 •■
• /> . . J To the next 10, each $100, > i 000 oo ' '
-.; ... J amounting to . - - - J MWU.UU < >
'. -". ..-" .< To the next 50, each $50, ) i.. nnnn ! !
< . amounting to - J Z. 500.00 ;
< To the next 100, each 825, ) a Knn nn < ■
< amounting to - ' J , 2.800.00 ,
N J To the next 500, each 81». ) ii 000 oo !
J , amounting to - - / 6,000.00 ,
. < To the next 1530, each 85, \ 7 fi , o 00 <
< amounting to - - / '.oo"-" v ,
< Total number of premiums, <t ?C 000 <
< 2,197, amounting to ."P -">UUU ,
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦»♦♦♦♦»♦♦»»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦'
Readers of the "Ledger" can avail themselves of this offer by payment to
us of a year's subscription to - :> .- - ...
THE "LEDGER" and THE WEEKLY ENQUIRER
• COSTING ONLY $3.50. •
In case of tie guessers, money to be equally divided. The Enquirer's na-
j tional reputation is a sufficient guarantee for faithful and exact perform-
j acne of all its obligations.
Make your payments direct to us in person or by mail. ~
Amador County Publishing Company,
Jackson, California*
Report of Census Bureau is usually made in July,A LEDGE AT THE PEERLESS
kShow. of Good Rock at
Ninety Feet.
All HYDRAULIC HIE OPERATED AT RIN6GOLD
Hayward and Lane Begin Operations
on the Ribbon Rock and Tin
Cap Mines.
AMADOR COUNTY.
Peerless— Jackson.
The shaft of the Peerless mine, lo
tcated about two and one-half miles
south of Jackson, on the 320-acre-track
held under bond by the Peerless Gold
Mining Development Company, is
down about ninety-five feet. Last week
: Superintendent Osborne encountered
the ledge, the showing from which is
considered excellent. . The work of
sinking will be continued with all dis
patch, an additional force having been
put on by the Directors at their meet
, ing of February oth. It is the gener
. ally expressed sentiment hereabouts
j that the company is to be congratu
• lated on the present bright outlook
■ for the mine. .■". <.' . .> ■
Central Eureka— Sutter Creek.
At the Central Eureka the prospects
continue favorable and a mill is con
templated. '
Keystone— Amador.
From Superintendent W. A: Prich
• ard of the Keystone mine, we learn
that the management is busy experi
menting and improving the mine and
mill both for present economy and as a
basis for the future successful work
ings of the large bodies of untouched
low-grade ore, which is to be handled
on a large scale.
A. L. Noce is mine foreman, having
held that position for several years.
W. L. Cobb, late proprietor of a
custom assay office in Placerville, now
has charge of the assay orfice in place
of C. E. Bunker, who has recently
been made foreman of the mill.
Gwin Mine— Calaveras-
At the Gwin mine, eighty stamps,
with a capacity of fully 10,000 tons a
month are dropping. Tho sulphurets
from their daily crushing average sev
eral tons. The west ledge recently en
countered is not being worked at pres
ent, but it is later on, to be thoroughly
exploited. ■ •_
EL DORADO COUNTY.
Republican:' A company comprising
Dr. W. W. Stone of Plaoorville and
several of his relatives are operating a
hydraulic mine near Ringgold this
winter and have been piping two or
three weeks. They have expended
$1800 or $2000 in fitting up for
mining. They have a ditch three or
four miles long, taking water from
Ringgold creek, a dam in the creek and
also a debris dam below their mine.
The mine is a hill channel south of the
Red Hill channel which had a local
reputation years ago as a rich spot of
ground. The Stone mine is supposed
to be a continuation of the Red Hill
channel.
Mr. Garrow has moved his gold-sav
ing machine from the Santa Claus
quartz mine to . Yankee Bar, Middle
Fork of the American. Ho intends to
-work sand this summer as it contains
considerable fine gold.
The incline shaft which W. P. and
Bert Carpender are sinking into the
former's gravel mine near Smith's
Flat is down about 320 feet. It has
been cutting through the rim instead
of in lava for a considerable part of
this distance, and as the rock has been
quite hard, progress has been slow.
Nuffget: Joseph Lyons has some
fine looking quartz at the Tapioca
mine. He is crushing it at the Mt.
Pleasant mill.
The Grizzly Flats gravel mine is be
ing worked by Messrs. Voss, McAfee
and Odlin with fair results.
There are a few hands working the
Eagle King mine.
Mountain Democrat: We under
stand there is soon to-be a boom at
Kelsey. The Strahle Slate Quarry in
tend putting up hoisting works on the
hill over the quarry thereby making It
more convenient for teamsters, there
being no hard pull until reaching
Chili Bar hill on the south side.
Smith & Co. of Indiana, who bought
the Rosebud mine of Mr. Lupold, have
commenced operations. Four five
horse team loads of machinery and
goods passed through here last week
for the mine.
Hay ward and Lane . have begun
prospecting on the Ribbon Rock and
Tin Cup mines, Mr. E. Davis acting as
TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
Democratic Banner: The Dens
more, on the Stanislaus river,/ one of
the most promising mines in the
county, has been sold to H. G. Dodge
of San Francisco.
Fred Corkill has sent in his resigna
tion as superintendent of the Dead
Horse mine to the Eureka Consolidated
Gold Mining Company. •
A new hoist and air compresor are
being placed at the Maryatt mine, Tut
tletown.
Independent: The hydraulic mines
it Yankee Hill have ceased using water
until more rain falls.
Conlin Bros., who have been work
ng the Hope mine for some time past
vith the hope that it would again
,-eld up its hidden treasure as in days
rone by, at last got "cold feet" and
railed it "quit." It took', a year and
mo-lialf, however, to exhaust the
aith in that property which is known
o have a good history.
Henry Eckel, foreman of the Esper
>nza mine near the Hazel Dell, was in
own a few days ago and reports cross
utting for the vein steadily going on.
'ho tunnel is In about 121 feet and is
supposed to be within sixty feet of the
vein. The quartzite formation in the
brtast of said crosscut is very hard.
'Three shifts are, running on the
lower crosscut for the vein in the Mt.
Lilly mine, which is now in about 160
feet and it is supposed will require an
additional firty or sixty feet to reach
it. Stopincr in the middle tunnel is
steadily going on and ore is being taken
out. Twenty-one men are employed.
The five-stamp mill isvunning steadily.
The Old Glory Mining and Develop
ment Company, whose headquarters
are in San Francisco, have bonded the
Mt. Hood mine on tho mother lode in
the vicinity of the Alameda property,
and havo a force of men doing develop
ment work under the able manage
ment of Superintendent Joe Morris of
this place. The shaft, which is beino;
sunk on the vein, has attained a depth
of eighteen feet and between the walls,
which are six feet apart, are five quartz
stringers, which are very rich in free
gold, and from a mill test of the same
places, the value per ton is $350. The
excellent showing which is being made
is very encouraging and we have no
doubt said company - have hold of a
splendid proposition.
Democrat: Tho Eleanor mine, near
Tuttletown, formerly known as Street
mine, has developed into • a valuable
property. A crosscut was lately made
fifty-eight feet to the west, which uncov
ered a vein fourteen feet wide, carry
ing a small quantity of free gold and
30 per cent of sulphurets of the value
of $300 per ton. Mr. George Bowen Is
superintendent of the mine and Mr.
Hayes of the Fulton Foundry, S. F., is
president of the company.
Arrangements are being made to
Open up four claims on tho Calaveras
side of the river, nearly opposite the
Densmore. The claims are known as
the Duchess group and are all on the
same vein. W. E. Emery is the sec
retary of the company and is having
the ore tested to ascertain the char
acter of machinery necessary for its
reduction.
CALAVERAS COUNTY-
Prospect: The May Day Mining
Company have recently let a contract
for the extension of their tunnel down
the grade. Work was commenced on
the 19th and a good crew of men have
boeniput on. Mr. DeLay is here and
personally oversees the work. It is to
be hoped this enterprise will reap a
golden reward before lonjr or at least
when the May Day lode is encountered.
' The extensive new enterprises now In
sight seem to predict a good season for
Murphys in a progressive way. It is
current street talk that the Utica Com
pany * will soon begin work for the
placement of two more large dynamos
at their plant up tho canyon. This
will demand labor of all kinds and it
will take several months to complete
the details. A large pipe trench must
be dvg — perhaps two, to accommodate
the new pipe line. Two more large
tanks for water supply must be built
on Mount Zion at the ditch. In addi
tion, the completion of tho planthouse
(all of stone) must bo made together
with the work of installing the new
dynamos. A pole line will soon be put
up from Sheep Ranch across the
country, a distance of between four
and five miles to convey power to that
place. Preliminary surveys and route
inspections have already been made by
James Langford and his assistants in
the employ of the Sheep Ranch Com
pany. V- . :
Owen Owens, who has had large ex
perience in. the Tuscarora mines at
Stent has come to Angels to accept the
position of superintendent of the Light
ner mine.
On Wednesday of last week, the- hy
draulic pipe, on . the mine being oper
ated by Lewis Emery at Cave City,
burst, stopping* work in the mine.
Work will begin the first of the week.
Record: H. F. Whirlow of the Light
ner mine was in Tuolumne county last
week. While there he engaged Owen
Owens, of Stent, as foreman of the mine.
Owens has been employed in the Jump
er for a long time, but prior to that he
was in Nevada.
The Golden Gate mine, situated on
Bear Mountain, the property of G.
Schwartz, is being negotiated for, and
there is a good prospect of its being
started up again soon. 1»■ ■
The St. Lawrence has been closed
down for the past week, but work will
be resumed next week.
The Angels mine is now getting
ready to put up a twenty-stamp mill id
a few weeks. They have been running
a lot of prospect rock, and have con
cluded to put up this mill. There are
thirty-five men employed in the mine.
The new mill will stand where the old
one stood.
Tho new twenty-stamp mill at the
Sheep Ranch mine was started Thurs
day morning. The . mine was shut
down for about six years on account of
differences among the former owners
and lack of .machinery. It is now
down about 1200 feet, and perfectly
clear of water, there having been more
than 50,000,000 gallons of water taken
out within the past five months. The
work of the mine will be steady from
this time on. Tho town .of Sheep
ranch is very busy, and houses for
families are not to be had at any price.
Thursday morning Dal and Mahlon
Longford, two old pioneers living near
Jenny Lind, made a rich find. They
were working in virgin soil, and in one
place took out gold worth $700. They
have been taking out a great deal of
gravel each week for some time.
. Some time ago a couple of men came
to an abandoned pocket mine near Tut
tletown and began to work it. They
worked for some days without success,
but one day they put in a blast, and
upon examination found about $3000
worth of gold. At last accounts the
men were still at work in that place.
Note lost.
Lost in Jackson, February 1, 1900, a
note given by Louis Abramofsky and
made payable to G. Froellch. Amount
of note $3000. The finder please leave
same at Spagnoli's Drug Store and re
ceive areward of $2.50.
i G, FRQEMCB, *
TKF AMADOR LEDGER: JACKSON, CAMFOKmA,FRIUAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1900.
SECONDED THE NOMINATION
Hon. John F. Davis Made a
Pleasing Speech.
TOLD M BARD'S ELECTION MEANS TO US
Our Representative In California's
Senate Throws Flowery Re
marks at T. R. Bard.
Speech of Senator Davis of Amador
county, seconding the nomination of
Thomas R. Bard:
Senators: Today we send a message
to the citizens of tho commonwealth
that the Republican party is united.
That is to be the keynote of our ac
tion today. Feuds and dissensions had
rent and torn it assunder, crimination
and re-crimination had depressed the
hopes of its friends and aroused the
enthusiasm of its enemies. Already it
had begun to be whispered abroad
that there was not enough patriotism
in the party to meet the crisis and so
to meet it that. we would all be to
gether in the end. And yet despite the
detraction of its motives, despite the
misrepresentations of its acts, despite
the fact that the organs of the opposi
tion had levied notice on the State that
this extra session would be a saturnalia
of fraud and corruption, — out of the
storm and stress of contending politi
cal ambitions, the Republican forces
have concentrated on a man whose
candidacy is ideal, whose private and
public life have been/ upon a plane so
high that "scandal standing on tiptoe
cannot reach the soles of his shoes."
We saw this extra session called to
gether with general public misgivings.
We read the history of former extra
sessions and found no comfort in their
story. When the session was once
called, however, we hesitated no lon
ger. Men must dare to achieve re
sults.
"The mind that ever fears to err.
And yet Is never nobly right,
It never leaps to grand results.
But In some corner out of sight,
Detects a spot of hidden blight.
And o'er the Impatient Infinite,
Still baggies, bargains, and consults."
The Legislature became more and
more inspired with a profound convic
tion that it had a trust to perform —
that California must have at Washing
ton the constitutional representation
to which she is entitled — and that the
faithful performance of that trust was
superior to any candidate and to all
candidates. For the first" time in the
history of the State we have seen the
office seek the man — an unparalled
lesson in clean politics that has brought
us all closer together and closer to the
people of California.
We have seen the candidates them
selves catch something of the spirit of
the Legislature. We have seen Irving
M. Scott tell his friends not to consider
his personality or candidacy as against
the supreme interests of the Republi
can party; we have seen U. S. Grant
instruct his close friends not to let his
name stand in the way of united and
rapid action; we have seen D. M.
Burns tell his loyal supporters not to
obstruct the will of the majority; we
have seen members of this senate put
their ambitions beneath their feet, and
all unite in such action as will give
20,000 additional votes to the Republi
can ticket in the coming campaign.
In the spirit of absolute indepen
dence that has characterized the ac
tion of this legislature thus far, in the
renewed sense of patriotism that in
spires its members, in the spirit of har
mony that will heal all heart-burninga,
let us proceed to nominate a Senator —
one in touch with our people and their
institutions, one alive to the best inter
ests of Californians, one that in all es
sentials will uphold the hands of the
greatest President save Lincoln this
nation has ever seen.
Knowing his ability and his patrio
tism, believing in him as a California^
and as a Republican, relying upon his
character as a man, I second the nomi
nation for United States Senator of
Thomas R. Bard..
Strictly Fiwt-Class Fresh Fish
Can be bad every Thursday and Friday at
Camlnettl'B Central Market. S 2- 99
VALENTINE ENTERTAINMENT.
The Epworth League Will Bender a Good
Programme.
The Epworth League of the M. E.
Church will give the following pro
gramme in Webb Hall, Wednesday
Piano Solo I Miss Rust
Vocal Duet
Mrs. C. W. Freeman and Mr. V. Mounter
Ode to St. Valentine
Vocal Sole Miss Faull
Piano Duet
. . . .Misses Ha Ginocchio and Alma Francis
Vocal Solo Miss Parker
Humorous Reading Mrs. Morrow
Vocal Duet .:..
Miss Sanguinetti and Mrs. Endicott
Instrumental Solo, "The Belle of the Ball"
(Selected) Mrs . Kay
The Spirit of War Dr. C. H Gibbons
At the Valentino entertainment val
entines will be for sale in the Valentine
booth at from 1 cent to 50 cents each.
All valentines purchased at the booth
will be delivered at the postofllco in the
hall free of charge.
Doors open at 7 p. m; concert at 7:30
p. m. Supper at New National Hotel
dining room after concert.
Proceeds applied to Rev. F. A. Mor
row's salary.
Ticket to concert and supper 50 cents.
For Sale.
A house for sale at Middle Bar, Amador
county, Cal. For particulars, call on, or write
to Mrs. C. J. Martin, Middle Bar. Cal.
1-28-2-16
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING.
The Owners of the Peerless Highly Pleased
With the Outlook.
At a meeting of the stockholders of
the Peerless Gold Mine Development
Company, held. in the secretary's of
fice, Brown building, Jackson, Cal., at
2 o'clock p. m.,' February 5, 1900, the
old Board of Directors was re-elected
as follows:
Enrico Ginocchio, Jackson;
George Gates, Jackson;
W. H. Roden, San Francisco;
George W. Brown, Jackson;
P. Bufflngton, Jackson.
On motion of P. Buffington W. H.
Bodes was made chairman of tho
stockholders' mooting, and George
Brown secretary. It was the unani
mous voice of the stockholders that
development work be pushed with all
vigor, Tho mooting was harmonious
to a degree an'l plans for tho future
were thoroughly and minutely gone
over, Superintendent Osborne giving
valuable advice 'relative thereto. Mr.
Al. Davis, one of the San ■ Francisco
stockholders, was present and took
part in the meeting.
At the close of the stockholders'
meeting, the newly elected Board of
Directors elected officers as follows:
Enrioo Ginocchio, President.
W. H. Roden. Vice-President.
George W. Brown, Secretary.
E. Ginocchio & Bro., Treasurer.
The Directors then re-elected Henry
Osborne as superintendent of the Peer
less mine.
The stockholders and Board of Di
rectors are highly gratified with the
present outlook, it being, to say the
least, very encouraging.
Dan Murphy's House Burned.
Wednesday afternoon about 2 o'clock
Mrs. Dan Murphy of Butte City, two
and one-half miles south of Jackson,
discovered that the roof of the house
was in flames. The alarm was given,
but the fire spread with such rapidity
that the house and contents were de
stroyed. Jerry Murphy, the aged and
sick father of Dan Murphy, was in the
house and unable to help himself.
Mrs. John Kitto, however, heroically
met the emergency, and carried the
invalid to his own house some few rods
distant. Mrs. Kitto is deserving of
great credit.
All the out buildings and contents'
wore destroyed and George Murphy's
barn would have met the same fate had
not prompt measures been taken. The
flames attacked it but the fire was put
out in its incipiency.
The house originally cost upward, of
$500. The total loss is estimated at be
tween seven and eight hundred dollars.
No insurance. It is supposed , the fire
originated from a spark from the
chimney. A high wind was blowing
at the time which aided the devas
tating flames.
The male members of tho family were
away at the time, hence the necessity
for Mrs. Kitto's prompt action. ',-.'
BRIEF LOCALS.
Accounts of Minor Happenings and Per
' sonal Mention.
Miss Hilda Clough is in Sacramento.
Hon. A. Caminetti joined his fellow
lawmakers in Sacramento Tuesday.
Mrs. Tillie Botto, of Amador City,
recently spent several days in Jackson.
Editor Barnes of the lone Echo was
at the County Seat Monday and Tues
day.
John Baggio and Attorney Solinsky,
of San Andras, were here the first of
the week.
Superintendent Gordon has sent out
to each school in the county Lincoln
Day circulars.
The fog rolled away and ideal Cali
fornia weather took its place for several
days of this week.
District Attorney C. P. Vicini went
to San Francisco yesterday and will be
absent a week or ten days.
The office of tho Superintendent of
Schools is to be improved in a few par
ticulars, and. a new bookcase is to be
added.
Henry Garbarini returned last Sun
day from a visit to his brother, Super
intendent V. L. Garbarini, at the
Sheep Ranch.
To-morrow Mrs. R. E. McConnell
and Miss Dora McConnell intend going
to Stockton, their former home, for a
few weeks' visit.
Editor Rust and Court Reporter
Doan drove to Latrobe late Tuesday
evening in order to make the early
train for Sacramento.
Superintendent David Fisher, of the
Spagnoli mine, went to . San Francisco
yesterday. He will be absent about
one week.
Miss Maggie Fisher, daughter of
David Fisher, returned from a visit
with relatives in Tuolumne county
Wednesday.
County Recorder D. A. Patterson is
the recipient of a handsome cane, a
present from his brother Robert F.
Patterson of Los Angeles.
Hon. Judson Brusie and Hon. D. E.
McKinlay, of Sacramento, en route to
Calaveras county, spent a part of Mon
day and Tuesday in Jackson.
Assessor Jack Marchant was here
Monday and Tuesday preparing for
assessment work: He has lost none of
his executive ability and energy.
Mrs. Thomas Kerr and Mrs. Fred
Setzer, of Amador City, -were visitors
to the county seat yesterday, and
lunched at the New National with
Robert I. Kerr.
The Jackson Band and M. I. C. will
give a ball in Webb Hall on the even
ing of Washington's Birthday, Febru
ary 22d. It is to be one of the most
pleasing events of the winter. No
doubt the attendance will be large. .
E. A. Smith, of New York Ranch,
was in town Tuesday and made this
office a pleasant call. Mr. Smith has
charge of nine miles of the Standard
Electric Co. 's ditch, with headquar
ters at New York Ranch. His section
of the ditch is in prime order, no
heavy storms having occurred so far
this winter to cause breaks.
Mr. and Mrs. Will A. Newcum left
for a month's visit with relatives and
friends yesterday morning-. They will
visit Mrs. Mitchell iv Oroville for a few
days and then friends in Suisun, their
former place of residence. Later they
will spend several weeks -In Oakland
and San Francisco.
County Superintendent of Schools
Geo. A. Gordon visited in January the
Volcano, Charity and JEtna schools,
and reports that he found them pro
gressing satisfactorily. During Febru
ary he expects to visit other schools,
but his itinerary is not yet marked out
—at least not for publication. He
thinks it wise to "happen" around —
see!
Grand Entertainment.
Ursula Parlor No. 1, N. D. G. W.,
will give a grand entertainment and
social dance in Webb Hall, Monday
evening, Feb. 26th. Several novel
features will be introduced during the
evening. The programme will appear
in the Ledger next week.
Admission 50 cents, children 25 cents.
Our readers may be assured that this
social event will prove to be one of the
best of tho season. •
The Bight Spirit.
To George Jennings, Charles Chap
man and others Is due the fact that
Henry Jackson, who died yesterday,
received care while sick and burial not
at the expense of the county. De
ceased was at one time a resident of
Boulder Creek and was known there
by Jennings as a man who was ever
ready to lend a helping hand to those
in need. He was also known in Santa
Cruz. He has relatives in this part of
the state. A subscription has been
raised to defray tho funeral expenses,
THE SUPERVISORS CONVENE
The County's Business In
vestigated.
1. 0. 0. F. LODGE ASKS FOR ftN IMPROVEMENT
Warrant! to the Amount of Nearly
$10,000 Cancelled By the Board.
—More Saloons.
Board of Supervisors met in regular
session this sth day of February, 1900,
and the following proceedings are had:
Roll call, present— A. B. McLaugh
lin, chairman; P. Dwyer, J. T. Glifton,
M. Brinn, F. B. LoMoin. ||£§§
Minutes of last meeting read and ap
proved.
Following claims are examined and
ordered paid: '
. . CURRENT EXPENSE FUND.
Capital Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, telephone M 00
W. H. Ryan, rebate taxes I 58
Mrs. C. Langhorst, hardware 3 65
W. S. Coombs, Justice's fees 12 00
(Jeo A. Grltton, Coroner's fees 31 00
Sunset Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, telephone Sheriff, Dec , '99 8 85
S. Williams, removing rubbish 1 00
Jnckson Gaslight Company, gas 15 75
Dr. E. E. Endlcott, Health Officer 50 00
Fred 6. Le Mom, mileage 2 00
A. Plccardo, freight 60
Amador Dispatch, printing — 68 00
P. Dwyer, Jury meals 50 75
A. B..McLaughlin, mileage... 3 00
H. Goldner. Justice's fees . .'. 12 00
Ed Kay, repairs 5 25
Sunset Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, telephone 5 40
William Going, Janitor 60 00
J. T. Clifton, mileage a 80
Sunset Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, telephone Sheriff, Jan 5 20
P. Kelly, Constable's fees 14 00
Geo A. Gordon, traveling expenses 7 00
C. li. Culbert, preparing semi-annual
report ■•• 30 00
P. Dwyer, mileage, eight meetings 1 60
Sunset Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, telephone Hall of Records Jan.: 885
D. B. Spagnoli, drugs for jail 7 40
H. S. Crocker & Co., record books for
Recorder 22 75
F. w. Parker, nightwatchman, Jan 10 00
E. G. Freeman, stationery 30 80
J. E Kelley. Constable's fees .-. 12 90
D. F. Gray, Constable's fees 12 50
S. G. Sp'agnoli, postage and revenue
stamps 19 10
C. P vlcini. District Attorney, expenses 800
U. S. Gregory, board for prisoners, Jan. . 102 50
I. Li Godfrey, desk and repairs 16 35
Morris Brinn. mileage : 80
Amador Electric Railway and Light
Company, electric lights, jail 3 00
John A. Brown, abstract data, 119 sec
tions • ••••• H9 00
HOSPITAL rUND.
Amador Electric Railway nnd Light
Company, electric lights.,..-. 1 50
J C Westrall, conveying patient from
lone 5 00
Dr E E Endicott, physician 60 00
Mrs J H Turner, washing 7 50
R F Allen, Superintendent 45 00
Jackson Gaslight Company, gas 3 50
JOneto. vegetables 7 U5
Maggie Fleming, cook 25 00
Sunset Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, telephone Jan. 1900 2 80
Mrs C Langhorst, hardware 26 99
Mrs R F Allen, Matron : . . .. 30 00
Sunset Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, telephone Jan, 1900 - 2 80
Glavlnovich & Parker, clothing 30 35
Glavlnovich & Parker, provisions 103 95
Thomas & Eudey , meats 78 84
Grello Bros., conveying two patients
from Volcano : 8 00
SALARY FUND.
P Dwyer, Road Commissioner, Jan, 1900.. 25 00
P Dwyer, Road Commissioner, twenty
eightdaysin 1899 84 00
A U McLaughlln. . Road Commissioner.
Jan, 1900 25 00
Fred B Le Mom, Road Commissioner.
Jan, 1900 25 00
SPECIAL ROAD FCND.
M Brinn, labor on lone and Jackson road. 132 00
ROAD FONDS. ,
J T Clifton, labor. Road District No. 2... 384 80
A B McLaughlln, labor, Road District
No 3 139 75
P Dwyer, labor, Road District No. 1 314 25
Fred B Le Mom, labor. Road District
; No. 5 519 00
BRIDGE FCND,
J T Clifton, lumber and labor 26 69
A B McLaughlin, lumber and labor 77 87
Fred B Le Mom, lumber and labor. 5 36
Moved and seconded that the claim
of Tony J. Mello be allowed. Motion
lost by the • following vote: Ayes —
Supervisors-Dwyer and Brinn. Noes-
Supervisors Clifton, McLaughlin and
Le Mom. ifUli
[The claim of Tony J. Mello is laid
over until the next regular meeting for
correction, as the same is not itemized.]
All claims for witness fees in the case
of The People vs. J. H. Giles are laid
over until the next meeting, as the
same have not been approved by the
Superior Court.
Criminal returns from the Justices'
Courts of H. Goldner, W. S. Coombs
and J. H. Giles are approved by the
Board. .
Affidavits of publication of Ordi
nances Nos. 98 and 99 made to the
Board showing due and legal publica
tion of said ordinances.
The Amador Electric Railway and
Light Company is granted permission
to construct a small . building near the
town of Jackson, near the public road
leading from Jackson to Sutter Creek,
for the purpose of placing a switch
board therein to be used in case of fire.
Good cause appearing therefor J. F.
Gregg is granted a free license to ped
dle vegetables in the county of Amador.
J. E. Barnes appeared before the
Board in regard to the allowing of a
certain claim presented at the last
meeting of the Board; said claim was
presented for $75, and the sum of $36
having been allowed by the Board, it
is tnovod, seconded and carried that
the allowance of the claim of J. E.
Barnes, as made at the January meet
ing, bo reconsidered and that the same
claim be allowed for the sum of $63.
Joint quarterly report of Auditor
and ■ Treasurer is approved by the
Board.
Semi-annual report of the Board of
Supervisors is presented and the same
is ordered published.
The monthly reports of the County
Physician, Health Officer and Treas
urer were approved. ' ' ; : : . •;
Superintendent Gordon is granted
permission to remove a certain pipo ex
tending through his office from the
jail, and also to procure a new book
case for his office.
Superintendent of Hospital Allen ap
peared before the Board in regard to
renting a certain pasture from E.
Ginocchio & Bro. for the cows at $25
per year. The superintendent was au
thorized to rent said pasture. .
The application of the County Au
ditor to the Board to ratify his action
in the employment of William J. Mc-
Gee as attorney in the case of Jackson
School District et al. vs. C. L. Culbert,
Auditor, was read; moved, seconded
and carried that the action of the
County Auditor in employing William
J. McGee as attorney to represent him
in the case of Jackson School District
et al. vs. C. L. Culbert, County Au
ditor, be ratified.
Warrants cancelled as follows:
School Fund 15932 73
Current Expense Fund 1323 20
Hospital Fund 423 88
Salary Fund 1970 90
In the mattor of the application of
George S. Joses to change the course
(Jl the ol<i Sacramento, road by placing
the same on the line of his property in
Road District No. 2, Amador county,
laid over until the next meeting.
Application for" liquor license of
Lorenzo L. Cuneo granted.
Application for liquor license of W.
C. Dillion in lone granted.
Application for liquor license of A.
Kevern in Sutter Creek granted.
Recess.
Jackson, Feb. 6, 1900.
Board convened this 6th day of Feb
ruary, 1900, with all its members pres
ent, and the following proceedings were
had, to-wit:
Janitor William Going is authorized
to sell the old courtroom windows to
the highest bidder for cash.
The District Attorney is instructed
to take all . necessary procedure to re
move all obstructions from a certain
alley in the town of Lancha Plana,
placed thereon by Mrs. Maroon.
In the matter of the petition of W.
R. Nichols et al., to -. close a certain
road in the Forest Home district in
Road District No. 5, matter laid over
until next regular meeting.
In the matter of the application of
Jackson Lodge, No. 36, I. O. O. F., for
permission to lay a sewer pipe from the
I. O. O. F. building," across Main street
of Jackson, the matter was laid over
until the next regular meeting.
In the matter of the communication
of James T. Rogers in relation to the
collection of a claim from the estate of
R. J. Fillmer, deceased, for board and
lodging of deceased while in the County
Hospital, the matter was referred to
the District Attorney.
A communication from John Blower
in relation to riding and driving on
sidewalks within town limits was read
to the Board and referred to the Dis
trict Attorney. • - -
In the matter of the petition of E.
W. Emsley for a private road in Road
District No. 3, Amador county,- Cal.,
the District Attorney was instructed to
bring suit against .-all non-consenting
land owners in trTe above matter; car
ried by a unanimous-vote.
Moved, seconded and carried that
the claim of George I. Wright for $12,
being for four township plats and lists
of patentees for county maps, be re
jected.
Moved, seconded and carried that
the claim of W. E. Downs for ab
stracting during the months of July,
August and September, 1899, be re
jected on the ground that claimant was
instructed and notified to discontinue
the making of said abstracts prior to
said dates.
Adjourned to March.
THE PHILIPPINE WAR.
■ February 1. — Preparations made for
the burial of the remains of General
Lawton.— Military operations in the
Philippines are still successful.
February 2. — The bodies of Major-
General Lawton, Major John A. Logan
Jr., and Surgeon-Major Armstrong are
conveyed to the special train and are
being carried across the continent.
February 3.— Shurman Commission
favors territorial government. Method
of conducting civil affairs in the islands
outlined. — Transport Ohio arrives from
Manila. Bodies of . 138 soldiers on
board. Indiana and Hancock, which
are expected soon, will bring 650 more.
February 4.— Kobbe is making rapid
war. in Samar and Leyte. Three
fights with the insurgents.
February 5. — Orders are made to
open the Philippine ports. Otis puts
an end to the blockade. General
Young now serving as military gov
ernor of the province of northwestern
Luzon.
February 6. — At Takloban several
fleeing non-combatants, among them
three women, are slain by soldiers.
Villagers armed only with wooden
swords.
February 7. — Americans ambushed
and six are killed. Others are either
slain or taken prisoners -by the Fili
pinos. .
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
DEEDS.
0. Davidson et al. to A. Dufrene et ux— Land
near lone; 1350.
R. Webbet al. to J. P. Little— Lot 30 of lot 2,
block2;*2Uo.
\V. Mattley to D. Maltley— Land township 6;
11000.
B. Gazzolo et ux to A. J. Coster— Lot 5, block
1, Plymouth; 1225.
E. Muldoon et ux to W. F. Detert— Land in
section 20; 1 10.
\V. F. Detert to E. Muldoon et ux— Lands near
Jackson; 1 10.
John Rick to Mary Rick— Land in Amador
county ; love and affection.
Estate of Lydia Stacey to John Stiefel— Lot
70 of Arroyo Seco Rancho; 1 1 ISO.
Mary Q. Crocker et al to Harden Pardoe et al.
NWS and Ny of SWM of section 35, townships
N,R9E;SIO.
Sophia Mattley to W. Mattley— Land in sec
tion 30 township 8; taOO.
MORTGAGES.
W. Wheeler et ux to A. M. Brown— Land near
Oleta;tfoo.
J. O'Brien et al. W. H. McConnick— Rising
Star quartz mine; $185.
S. A. Phillips et ux to J. VV. Joses— Lots 3 and
4 in SEW of SW!< and lot 2 of NW« of section
18, township 6, R 10 E; *400.
\V. Belderaln to A. L. Adams et al— One-half
interest in Carlota quartz mine; $15(1.
A. Calamara to C. Bo — Lots 30 and 31, Hamil
ton's sub-division of lot 4, block 6, Jackson ; $200.
John Stiefel et ux to Bertha R. Swain— Lot 70
of Arroyo Seco Rancho; $250.
CHATTEL MORTGAGE.
M. S. Seat et ux to J. G. Priestley— Live
stock; $48.50.
SATISFACTION OF MORTGAGES.
G. Woolsey. to C. Yager.
W. Brown to W. Wheeler et ux. . -
J. Surface to J. Blue.
W. H. DeVries to Sarah Tubbs et al.
Dr. Tiffany to S. Phillips. '
J. W. Surface to S. Phillips.
PATENTS.
U. S. to Lambert.
LOCATION NOTICE.
F. A. Kimball, Bell quartz claim.
D. Fisher et al., McKenzle No. 1 and McKen
zie mines.
N. Vo-io et al , Manzanita quartz mine.
T. J. Gillick et al.. Stud Horse quartze lode.
E. A Hacker, N. Y. O. D. quartz mine.
A- L. Ilcali et al , claim in Plymouth mining
district. ■ - . .
S. S. Rose et al., relocation of Bristow quartz
mine- ' •
ASSESSMENT WORK.
M Tyler, Tennessee quartz mine.
' J. McFadden, McKinley quartz mine.
C. A. Stirnaman, Falcon and Elk Horn quartz
mines.
R J. Rlnehart, West Eli quartz claim. .
1. W. Geer, Zumalt quartz claim. . .
O Olsen, Sunny South quartz claim.
J. L. Sargent, Little Sargent quartz mine.
PROOF OF LABOR. ; ."".
W, H. Stewart. Hobson quartz claim. ■»" * •
J. H. Woolford. Rising Star quartz mine.
House For Sale.— A Bargain.
The undersigned offers her beautiful
and commodious home for sale, either
furnished or unfurnished. It is a hand
some eight-room structure exclusive of
bathroom and pantry, equipped with
all modern improvements; gas in every
room, hot and cold water, complete
sewer system, patent closets, fine well
in addition to hydrant water. Located
on Broadway, not three minutes' walk
from postotHce, express office and bank
— an ideal location for a business man.
Neatly kept lawn: an orchard just bo
ginning- to bear, containing apple, pear,
peach and fig trees. Large lot. Barn
large enoug for two carriages, two
horses and feed. Everything kept up
in first-class shape. This is a bargain
for any one in want of a good home.
Terms, cash. Apply on premises.
Mrs. E. B. Robertson,
2-9-lmo Jackson, Cal.
Millinery! Millineay!
A milliner from New York has rented
part of the White House store and will
soon be able to show the most mag
nificent line of stylish millinery that
was ever kept in a first-class millinery
establishment. Grand opening March
ISljh, . frfc«
COUNTY HAPPENINGS NOTED
Our Correspondents Send in
Their Notes.
THE FAMILY OF THE LATE R. ROGERS BENEFITED
The Capacity of the Canyon School
house Has Been Increased.—
Forest Home Items.
FOREST HOME ITEMS.
The Weather Prevented Dancing Satur
day Evening.
Forest Home, February 7.— Lewis
McCoy, who has been very sick fora
month, is ablo to be around again, but
he still feels very weak from his late
sickness.
H. O. Comstock and wifo have re
turned from their visit to relatives in
Los Angeles county.
E. D. Barney has removed, to Ply
mouth. He .has been living near
Michigan Bar.
There was to have been a dance in
the hall last Saturday night, but,
owing to the inclemency of the weather,
the people were obliged to .remain at
home.
•Al Chatty and B. Fischer, who have
been mining near Michigan Bar, havo
returned home.
There were religious services held at
the hall last week. They wore con
ducted by Mr. and Mrs. Westlake,who
are touring the country. It was quite
a treat for the people around here, as
they very seldom havo such oppor
tunities.
. G. D. Wirts and sons, Ed and Frank,
were over from Mt. Pleasant Sunday
to visit their folks.
Mrs. J. D. McFarlano and daughter
were visitors at lone Monday. -
Mrs. Wirts and daughter visited
lone during the week.
Miss Annie Piper wont to Plymouth
Saturday to visit her aunt, Mrs. Kate
Swift.
Ed Donuis of Milton Springs was in
town one day last week.
The late John Grelich, who was shot
several weeks ago, died at his home in
Willow Springs last Thursday, and
was buried the following day at Dry
town.
James Foster and Charles Bamhardt
attended tho dance at Latrobe Satur
day evening.
Mrs. Honey is at present engag-od as
cook for H. O. Comstock.
Mrs. Houghton and son passed
through town Sunday on their way to
Sacramento.
Clarence Best is driving stage in
place of Mr. Plummor, who is sick at
his homo in the city.
Heliotrope.
SOUTH JACKSON NOTES.
Improvements Are In Progress at This
- Camp.
Now that the fog has cleared away
and we are enabled to peer across the
street and note the progress of our
neighbors, 1 will jot down a few items
pertaining to our quiot little village and
its inhabitants'.
Joseph DalPorto, of the DalPorto
Hotel, Jackson, is improving his prop
erty by repairing- fences, cross, fencing
and removing old sheds and other un
necessary buildings. Ho intends to re
serve the large garden for his own use,
leaving a largo plot in tho rear for the
use of his tenants. He has one of the
finest residences in the villago.
W. J. Thomas has moved his family
into the house recently occupied by D.
Borro.
Mrs. Julia McDonald is very low with
consumption, and for some time has
boon eonfinod to her bed. BpSg
The sound of the wood-man's axe
again breaks the stillness of this vicin
ity.
■ Amber Meek is engaged in falling
trees and cutting ■ underbrush on the
hill back of the Zeila mill.
John Garbarini, who is living on his
brother's place, has built a fence in
front of his residence, and is otherwise
improving the property.
Mrs. Henry Horr and daughter, Miss
Mintie, and Mrs. Ben Horr, of Jackson
Valley, were visitors to this place Mon
day.
One morning this week early travel
ers encountered the bed and top of a
buggy lying in the road at tho foot of
the Zeila hill. Last Monday morning a
horse belonging to the Lewis stable in
Sutter Creek, became uncontrolablo
and, of course, ran away, causing tho
wreck of the vehicle. Live Oak.
AMADOR CITY NEWS.
The High-Class Entertainment Was Ren
dered Successfully.
Amador City, Eobruary 6.— Mayme
Thomas, who has boon in Sacramento
for some time having her eyes treated,
returned to her homo Saturday even
ing. ;■.:
Josie Mooney spent Saturday and
Sunday in Plymouth with her sister,
Mrs. Arditto.
Charles Haskins of Sutter Creek
visited in Amador Sunday.
Miss Burns of El Dorado is the guost
of Mrs. C. T. Bartlett.
■ Misses Hattie Hinkson and Mayme
Doman of Plymouth visited the for
mer's parents in Amador last week.
Mrs. Wildman and daughter, Mrs.
McGee, were guests of Mrs. Thomas
Chichizola Sunday.
Mr. and Mrs. Strickland, of Sutter
Creek, are visiting their son, James
Strickland.
Jackson and Suttor Creek were well
represented at the entertainment on
Saturday evening.
Miss Mary Bors and brother,
Charles, visited Mrs. Esola last week.
The beneficiary concert given [under
the auspices of the A. O. F. on Satur
day evening was a decided success both
in the rendering of the programme
and financially. At the appointed hour
the church and vestry were filled and
the people eagerly awaited tho opening
number. The pieces rendered by the
band and orchestra could be character
ized by the title of the last march,
"Tip-Top." The mixed quartette
given by Misses Martin and Setzer,
and Messrs. Warren, Richards and
Orchard were well rendered and highly
appreciated by the audience. The
vocal duet by Mrs. Arthur and Mr.
Dunn was given in their usual pleasing
manner. Sutter's honor was upheld
by Miss Laura Lathlean, whose reci
tation was marked by a simplicity and
ease which promise greatly for her
future. Mr. Orchard, who possesses a
'rich voice, received hearty applause,
responding with an encore. The man
dolin and guitar duot, given by Messrs.
Lynch and Allen, was well applauded,
and they reluctantly responded with
an encore. One of the most pleasing
numbers of the evening was the vocal
solo by Miss Alpha Martin with the
obligate accompaniment of violin and
clarionet. Miss Martin possesses a
vqlqq o.f power- and sw©etuess. v She
responded with "Ben Bolt" as an en
core. The clarionet solo, accompanied
by Miss White, was also very pleasing
and_deserving of much praise. Mr.
Warren sang in his deep bass voice an
old familiar song, ll The Sexton,"
which -was loudly applauded. The au
dience listened almost breathlessly
while Mr. Freeman read a sketch of
race-track life, and were convulsed
with laughter when he recited "Jim
Wolf "and "The Cats" as an encore.
Miss Margaret McGee, though only
twelve years of ago, shows remarkable
power in the handling of her violin,
playing with great ease and accuracy.
The people were delighted with Miss
Fox's playing, which is marked by a
brilliancy and dash which charms her
audience.
The programme committee deserve
praise for the many excellent parts
they succeded in procuring.
Church services throughout the week
as usual. Mr. Whitaker will occupy
the pulpit in the^evening. E. LOIS.
RESULTS IN DEATH.
Three Amputations Could Not Save the life
of John Greilich.
It becomes the Ledger's du,ty to
chronicle the untimely death of John
Greilich, a former correspondent of
this paper from Willow Springs.
Our readers will recall the fact that
he was accidently shot near his home
at Willow Springs on the 18th of Jan- -
vary. -He, .with his two brothers, had
been at work near their home during a
portion of the day. They had taken
their guns along to do a little hunting
on their return in the evening. While
on {he road ' home the unfortunate
young man dropped his gun from his
shoulder accidentally and it struck the
ground in such a ■ manner that the
gun discharged, the shot penetrating
his leg near " tho ankle and shattering
the bone. He was cared for by his
brother who secured assistance and
John was taken home and Dr. Norman
was summoned. The wounded mem
ber was dressed but in a few days it
was found that amputation was neces
sary; and that operation had to be per
formed a second time and .then a third '
time in the hopo of saving a portion of
tho limb as well as the young man's
life. ' In spite of all that surgeons' skill
could do for him death claimed him as -
his own on Thursday, February Ist.
John Greilich was a young man of
more than oadinary attainments, abili- '
ties and ambitions. He was honest,
upright and industrious, and will
be sadly missed by the many friends
he has made in and about his home
near Willow Springs.
INTERESTING AND INSTRUCTIVE.
Republicans Have A Gathering and Elo
quent Speakers Address Them.
Last evening a fair crowd assembled
in Webb Hall, in pursuance to previous
announcement that subjects of vital
importance to our Nation would be
touched upon by men of ability, capable
of presenting the important matter
logically and eloquently.
The meeting was presided over by
James E. Dye, the names of some forty
or fifty citizens being read off as vfee
presidents.
Hon. Judson Brusie of Sacramento,
was the first spearker and he did the
subject full justice. His remarks were
well received by close listeners. Just
before Mr. Brusie was introduced by
Chairman Dye, the following telegram
from Senator John F. Davis was read
and elicited applause: -
Sacramento, February 8, 1900.
Mr. Judson Brusle, Jackson, Cal.:
I send you greeting from the scene of battle,
where we have elected a United States Sen
ator. The party is everywhere militant and
triumphant.
Success to you tonight. - .-- • ■
JOHN F. DAVIS.
Mr. Brusie was followed by_ Hon. D.
E. McKinlay of San Francisco, who
presented his views of the • situation
logically and forcibly. Both gentlemen
are eloquent talkers.
There were a number of ladies
present, including a ' delegation from
Ursula Parlor, N. D. G. W.
The meeting was highly satisfactory
to the Republicans of Jackson and to
all concerned, Active work all along
the line is to be the watcword, and
earnest and effective work is expected
from the Republican Club of Jackson.
The Ledger will have more to say
about the work to be done, etc., next
week, limited time preventing it this
issue.
SUPERIOR COURT.
People vs J H Giles— Trial concluded Mon
day and submitted to jury. Jury unable to
agree after being out over twenty hours.
' Central Eureka M Co vs Eliza Toman et al —
Hearing on motion to strike out parts of com
plaint, motion to separate causes of action and
demurrer had and submitted.
B R Breese et al vs S G Spagnoli et al— Trial
partially had; further hearing set for February
30th
M Isaacs vs M Jones, guardian — Hearing on
motion for attorney fee continued.
Angelo Boro vs Thomas Chichizola — Argu
ment on demurrer continued to February 24th.
E Ginocchio et al vs John Juka— Motion to
set cause for trial continued.
Jefferson Goodwin vs P M Hocking — Trial, de
cree of foreclosure granted.
A Ginocchio et al, trustees vs Anna C Schlcy
— Defendant granted ten days to answer; trial
set for February 19th.
Estate of W H Turner-Order to sell real es
tate; order to sell personal property.
Estate of William Wadge— Order appointing
Elizabeth Wadge administratrix upon tiling
bond of $1SOO; bond tiled, sureties, Chris Marelta
and L Oettinger; letters of administration
issued; E D Botto, C G Borro and L Katz ap
pointed appraiser*; inventory and appraise
ment issued.
David Hutson vs N Baughman— Trial contin
uod to February 23d.
Cenral Eureka M Co vs James Toman et al—
Demurrer overruled and motions to separate
causes of actions and strike out parts of com
plaint denied.
Good Chance For Splendid Investment.
The Turner estate property in Sutter
Greek has been ordered sold by the
Superior Court .to the highest bidder.-
The property consists of the lots on
the North side of Main street, between
Moore's hotel and Katz's jewelry store,
and extends back to Boston street..
There are six buildings on the lots and
they bring.in a rental of $70 per month.
The property is appraised at $4250, but
ought to bring more money, as at that
figure it earns over 1$ per cent, per
month interest.
Bids will be recoived orally or in
writing by tho attorney of the estate,
William J. McGee.
February 9-2t
BORN. -.
GLASS— At Jackson Gate, February 8, lOttl, to
Mr. and Mrs. George Glass, a daughter.
MUGFORD— At Kennedy Flat, February 7,
1900, to Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Mugford, a daughter.
DIED.'
GREILICH— Near Willow Springs, Amador
county, Thursday, February I, IOUU. John Grei-
lich, aged 3-." years, a native of California.
JACKSON.— In Jackson, February 8. 1900,
Henry Jackson, aged 69 years and 11 months,
a native ol Hemcrfort, Norway. Santa Cruz
papers please copy.
HeCaU's Magazine.
Sample copies of McCall's Magazine at the
Ledger office, without money and without
price. Step In and ge{ one. First come, first
served, * . :A FEW SCIENTIFIC NOTES
The Explosive Force of Gun
Powder.
THE SEVERAL METHODS OF ROCK-DRILLING
An Interesting Paragraph on Specific
Gravity of Solids. How to
Obtain It.
Gun powder has an explosive force of
about eighteen tons per square inch,
when confined. In ordinary quarry
ing or blasting, a cubic yard of solid
rock in place, requires from one-quar
ter to three-quarters rock; tho re
quirements vary from one to two
pounds to tho cubic yard. Tunnels
and shafts where the resistance of the
confining walls overcomes, a largo part
of the force exerted from two to six
pounds aro required to break a cubic
yard. It is usual to allow about one
and one-forth pounds of powder to each
foot in depth of a two-inch drill-hole.
A four-inch hole requires five pounds
to each foot in depth for effective
breaking up of the surrounding rock.
These figures apply only to gun pow
der, and not to other high explosives.
ROCK-DRILLING.
Holes for blasting aro usually made
from two to four feet deep, and may
be made by hand or by some form of
machine drill. Tho usual size of the
drill-hole is from one and one-half to
two inches. The simplest method is
by a hand drill, a sharpened bar of
steel, which the worker. holds in his
left hand, turning partly around after
each blow, while he wields tho hammer
' with his right hand. Tho "jumper"
is a modified form for larger holes,
where a spring or pole is used to bal
ance the weight of the drill, and the
holder simply does the turning and
steadying. The blows being delivered
by one or two workmen. The churn
drill consists of an iron bar six to eight
feet long and one and one-quarter to
one and one-half inches in diameter,
usually suspended to a spring or pole,
which is turned as it rebounds, and is
allowed to drop and cuts by the force"
of its own weight in dropping. A man
in ordinary rock can cut a two-inch
hole from five to fifteen feet deep in
ten hours. This sort of contrivance
can be used to advantage in surface
work, and the figures do not apply to
work in mines, but rather in quarries.
Machine drills will, be treated • at
another time.
SPECIFIC GRAVITY.
The specific gravity of a body is, us
ually, its weight as compared with an
equal volume of water, under certain
conditions as to temperature and alti
tude. This is appled only to solids and
liquids, hydrogen gas being the usual
standard for gaseous bodies. As water
is at its greatest density at the sea
level, and at a temperature of four de
grees Centigrade or thirty-nine and
two-tenths Fahrenheit, it is used at
the standard, undor these conditions:
For ordinary purposes, where sci
entific accuracy is not necessary, any
pure water at ordinary temperature
may be used. To find the specific
gravity of a body heavier than water,
weigh first in air, then in water, and
find the difference. This is what the
body loses in weight by reason of the
bouyancy of water, and is really tho
weight of the water displaced, or the
weight of a volume of the water equal
to the volume of the body immersed.
Then to obtain the specific gravity,
or ratio of weight of the body to
water, work out the following propor
tions:
Difference : weight in air : : 1 : x (specific
gravity.)
In the absence of an hydrometer, one
may find the specific gravity of a liquid
by the following method:
Weigh a piece of some metal or solid,
in air. Then weigh in pure water and
note the loss, calling it "d." Then
weigh in liquid to be tested and note
the loss, calling it "d" then
d: d' :: (specihe gravity of water) : x (the
specific gravity sought.)
Dyspepsia can be cured by using Acker's Dys
pepsia Tablets. One little Tablet will give im
mediate relief or money refunded. Sold in hand
some tin boxes at 25 cents. Sold by A. Goldner.
'A Point of Resemblance.
They wero dancing. The music was
heavenly. The swish of her silken
skirts was delightful. Tho fragrance of
the roses on her bosom was almost in
toxicating,
"Ah, "she said, looking up into his
face and smiling sweetly, "you remind
me of one of Whitman's poems!"
A suddon dizziness seemed to siozo
him. It was as if he were floating
along in a dream. When he could catch
his breath to speak, ho asked:
"Which one?"
"Oh, anj one!" sho replied. "The
feet aro all mixed up in all of them."
Chicago Times-Herald.
How Woman Was Hade.
A small boy tn the mission Sunday
school of Bishop Fallow's church pro
pounded an entirely new theory of
creation last Sunday.
"Who made man?" asked the
teacher, beginning: as in the good old
days when orthodoxy used cateehinns.
"Cod, " was tho prompt reply.
"And how did he make him?"
"Out of dusl, ma'am ; nothing but
dust."
"And who made woman?"
"God made her, too, ma'am."
"How?" ■;£."£
Tho small boy hesitated, and then
replied cheerfully; "He caused a deep
sleep to fall upon man and then took
out his backbone and made the
woman." — Chicago Inter Ocean.
DeWitt's Witch Hazel Salve is unequalled
for piles. Injuries and skin diseases. It is the
original Witch Hazel Salve. Beware of ail
counterfoils. City Pharmacy. *
A. F. Peterson has the finest line of footwear
iq Amador county, »
PROFESSOR W. A. MORSE
He Lectures on Liquid Air and Is fav
orably Received.
Professor W. A. Morse of the De
partment of Chemistry of tho Detroit
High School, Michigan, is becoming a
very prominent figure in the scientific
circles of tho East.
Since tho introduction of liquid air
Professor Morse has availed himself of
every opportunity to advance in that
branch of science. Nearly three years
ago ho left Amador City, this county,
after two successive years of principal
ship in tho grammar school of that
place, whore ho was offered another
term, but, with an eyo to financial bet
terment and a more oxtensivo know
ledge of his favorite study, chemistry,
ho wisely acceptod tho position ho vow
holds and which was then open to him.
He was considered an educator of re
markable ability, and in this respect
ho was not flattered. Either during or
out of school he was always ready and
willing to aid his pupils. He would
mingle with them in their games and
enjoyed watching them at play.
He placed great stress upon tho mor
ality of his pupils and never failed to
put the subject before them whenever
he thought it necessary, and tho effect
was gratifying.
In his philosophy class ho explainod
minutely every point in the lesson. He
insisted on making apparatus for the
practical solution of every subject pos
sible, and it was through his efforts
that the Amador City school possessed
more apparatus than any other school
in tho county.
The students in his department of
the Detroit High School give him much
encouragement and work with a will
under his instruction.
Profossor Morse has given a series of
lectures on liquid air and they have re
ceived much favorable comment.
His friends in Amador county con
gratulate him upon his success and
sincerely hope he will take a position
still higher in the ranks of science. !■•;.£:
Tell Your Sister
A beautiful complexion is an impossibility
without good pure blood, the sort that only ex
ists in connection with good digestion, a healthy
liver and bowels. Karl's Clover Root Tea acts
directly on the bowels, liver and kidneys, keep
ing them in perfect health. Price 25c and 50c.
For sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. *
How to Treat an Editor.
At an editorial convention a minis
ter arose" and offered the following
toast: "To 6ave an editor from star
vation, take his paper and pay for it
promptly; to save him from bank
ruptsy, advertise liberally in his paper;
to save him from despair send him
every item of news you can get hold of;
to save him from profanity write your
communications plainly; to save him
from mistakes bury him, as dead peo
ple are the only ones that never make
mistakes. But to save him from the
next world, give him the gospel, but
it must be carefully sugar-coated, or he
will not take it. " — Examiner. ,
Sick Headache absolutely and permanently
cured by using Moki Tea. A pleasant herb
drink. Cures constipation and indigestion,
makes you eat, sleep, work and happy. Satis
faction guaranteed or money back. 25 cents and
50 cents. Sold by A. Goldner.
A Good Cold Core.
Now that the season of colds and
coughs is on, the advice of a medical
journal is useful. That is that con
stant coughing is precisely like scratch
ing a wound; so long as it continued
the wound will not heal. Let a person
when attempting to cough take a long
hroath. until it warms and soothes
every air-cell. The benefit will soon
be felt, and the control of the cough be
much easier tho second time.
An Enormous Timber Seal.
The "Weyhauser Timber Company
has secured 900,000 acres of timber
land, comprising whole counties in
Washington, which is equal to 1400
square miles. This enables them to
chargo the makers of lumber double
previous rates, and every dollar mado
by the charge for the natural right to
use natural wealth means a dollar less
for machinery and labor. — Star.
Is a Good Thing.
Muddy complexions, nauseating breath come
from chronic constipation. Karl's Clover Root
Tea is an absolute cure and has been sold for
fifty years on an absolute guarantee. Price ibc
and 50c. For sale by A. Goldner. Druggist. •
The Conditions.
She.— "Do you think it would be
uumaideuly for a girl to propose to a
man?
He.— "Certainly not, if sho is rich
enough for two. "
Geo. Barbc, Mcndota, Va., says, "Nothing
did me so much good as ICoilol Dyspepsia Curo.
One dose relieved me, a few botilcs cured me "
It digests what you eat and always cures dys
pepsia. City Pharmacy. - *
He Could Whistle.
Teacher — "Who is that whistling in
New Boy — "Mo. Didn't you know I
Mrs.. J. K. Miller, Newton Hamilton, Pa.,
writes, "I think DeWitfs Witch Hazel Salve
the grandest salve made." It cures piles and
heals everything. All fraudulent imitations
are worthless. City Pharmacy. •
A Close Relative.
Willie. — "Aro you the nearest rola
tive I've got, mamma?".
Mother. — "Yes, love, and your pa
is the closest relative you've got."
W. S. Philpot, Albany, Ga., says, "DeWitt's
Little Early Risers did me more good than any
pills I ever took." The famous little pills for
constipation, biliousness and liver and bowel
troubles. City Pharmacy. •
What He Prays For.
Bobby.— "Popper, what do they
have to have a man to pray for Congresb
Mr. Ferry.— "They don't. Ho
takes a look at Congress, and then
prays for the country."
Acker's English Remedy will stop a cough
at any time, and will cure the worst cold in
twelve hours, or money refunded; 25 cents and
50 cents. Sold by A. Goldner.
Pionkkk Flouu is the same yesterday, today
aqd tomorrow. ♦
TITE AMADOU XTEDfiMKs JACKSON. CAUFOROTA. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 9. 1900.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Saved Her Life
"About two miles from Vassar t Mich.,
where I keep a drug store, livfS Mrs. T. M.
B rat t. She was very _^"-\
sick and hopeless '
with consumption.
I watched her case &^"S^^2fltt
with interest after f&
she began taking VS^i ei> IM4
Acker's English Ml 3r
Remedy for Con- «R £* fs
sumption, because \^_v'l
its wonderful rf3&g§\_^
with my own-
eyes I saw this woman get well and strong
on that remedy. In a very short time the
cough stopped, her lungs were healed up,
the soreness went away, and she began tak-
ing on flesh. She herself said: ' Mr. Bullard,
I owe my life to Acker's English Remedy.
It is a certain cure. 1 In Mrs. Bratt's
ne'ghborhood her recovery has occasioned
mi'ch comment, as you can easily under.
Bt»nd. Her case was one where everybody
thnughtit was only a question of a little
while until she would die. I feel it a duty
•s a druggist to write this letter, so that there
need be no more deaths from consumption."
(Signed) E. A. Bullaed, Vassar, Mich.
Sold at 25c., 50c. and $1 a bottle, throughout
the United States and Canada ; and in Eng-
land, at Is. 2d., 2s. 3d., 4s. 6d. If you are not
satisfied after buying, return the bottle to
your druggist, and get your money back.
We authorize the above guarantee.
W. B. HOOKER <fc CO., Proprietors, yew Tort.
: : -,''- Sold by Alfred Goldner
OUR TASTE HAMS
Sweet, Juicy and Tender.
We live but oneo —
Why not live well and enjoy life?
HALL, LUHRS & CO
Wholesale Grocers and
Provision Dealers
Sacramento, Cal.
THE LONDON
WOOLEN MILLS
J. H. HEITMAN
FINE TAILORING
Price List as Follows:
LONDON WEST OF ENGLAND
BROADCLOTH SUIT $40 00
LONDON CLAY WOUSTKU. in Blue
and Black :. 40 00
NEW ENGLAND WASHINGTON
MILLS CLAY WORSTED, blue-
■ black J* to 35 CO
GERMAN CREPE DRESS WORSTED. 35 00
FRENCH BLACK PIQUE $S5 to 35 00
LONDON BLACK DOESKIN SUIT. 35 00
WASHINGTON MILLS GRAY WORS-
TED SUIT, to ortlor $20 to 35 00
FINE ASSORTMENT IN TWEED
SUITING $15 to 40 00
LATEST STYLE OF ENGLISH AND
AMERICAN TROUSERING.... H to IS 00
600 J Street , Corner Sixth, SACBAMENTO
3 'T^HERE is a certain stylish ef- §•
■5 I feet about garments made 3?
«S from these Celebrated Pat- S«
•5 terns that is not attained by the 2»
;B use of any other patterns. »S
#% bazar« BranirSsH
1 9: hTTERNS W
£ (No-Seam-Allowance Patterns.) g
Have not an equal for style and perfect 5»
*SS fit. Easy to understand. Only 10 and 15 5*
?J cts. each— none higher. Sold in nearly «£
g every city and town, or by mail. Ask for 5=
•> them. Get a Fashion Sheet and see our 2»
*£ designs. Absolutely the very latest styles- jg
f A FREE PATTERN 1
5 of her own selection will be given fe
3j every subscriber to -p
I M? CALL'S^
I MAGAZIHEW
;£ One that every lady should take rcpu- J*
-5 larly. Beautiful colored plates; latest 2*
9 fashions; dressmaking economies ; fancy ' 3*
fm work : household hints ; fiction, etc. Sub- mi
•5 scribe to-day, or, send sc. for latest copy. 3*
r*» Lady agents wanted. Send for terms. J-
*| THE McCALL CO., §
g 138-146 West 14th St., New York. %
LEDGER'S CLUBBING RATES.
Lodger and Daily Call, one year $7 50
Ledger and Weekly Call, one year 3 60
Ledger and Dally Bulletin, one year 6 SO
Ledger and Semi-Weekly Bulletin, 1 yo'r 4 20
Ledger and Weekly Bulletin, one year. . . 390
Ledger and Daily Chronicle, one year 7 70
Ledger and Weekly Chronicle, one year . 3 60
Ledger and Weekly Examiner, one year. 3 60
Ledger and Daily Examiner, one year ... 8 30
Ledger and N. Y. Weekly Tribune, 1 ye'r 3 00
Ledger and N. Y. Tri- Weekly Tribune, ly 3 SO
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Magazine, 1 yr 3 35
Ledger and S. F. Weekly Post, one year. 3 00
Ledger and McCall's Magazine, one year 2 75
Ledger and St. Louis Globe Democrat, ly 3 00
Ledger and •• Twice a Week," one year . . 300
*y The above rates are strictly in advance.
♦LIBERTY |p SALOON*
Sanguinetti Building
Main Street Jackson
L. PERLANDA, : : ; Proprietor
Best of Wines, Liquors and Cigars
Almays on hiind.'
• ::; MISCELLANEOUS ADVERTISEMENTS.
ON DEAL BUGGIES
£ UGGIE ?:.^ •* SOLD AT ■»
SAMPLES ON EXHIBITION
Exclusive Agency for the Deal Buggies
♦ — -BEOADWAY, JACKSOtf
t "t t »»♦♦•
!! 3' This can be truthfully said \\ ■■■*'
!! TUU *' °f an y °f the clothes made { ; fpITP J'
{I | fit ♦ at our shop. The cutting {; IH f 1 j;
o I! is done by an experienced *', xllu «j
31 3! cutter; we use the best but- j; "j;
3! CJTfT 31 tons and thread and give J| PTT ■]',
31 jUll 3' personal supervision to all J ; M I j;
3! 3> work. Our stock of suit- J; J;
| ;; ings for spring and summer *\ *\
mj ; is about the nobbiest ever ' X 117 TT T J '
3 1 seen here. | WILL j^
I FIT I ii SUIT i
3; "3: We cannot afford to give 3 ; WUAA ;<;
3 ! 3 ! ' you shoddy cloth or slip- \ ; - J ;
M! I ' shod work, for we are here J ; y ATT J ;
Jl^to stay and cannot live on {; I III) 3'
Z 3 ! s one-time custom. J ; ; \_ \ \
♦♦♦««♦•«♦♦*» ♦♦♦♦ 3 i
MAX LADAR, THE TAILOR
W£ mA N STREET, JACKSON, CAL.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»
LOTS ...
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»
.2 S Tne Meehan Property will be
? J subdivided into building lots and
J J sold for CASH OR INSTALLMENTS.
»»»♦»♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦». .2 Will be laid out In blocks, with
j» —^ * 50-foot streets and 25-foot alley-
1 £\ [j 2 ways. Each lot can be reached
9 I 'I i*J O 2 at front or rear by wagon. One
A V/ ll 2 maln street from Volcano road
»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ 2 west of Calvin's house; one east
O S of Meehan's house; and one west
9 2 of Keeney's property, to reach the
9 2 property :yi:*: . . . .
♦♦»♦»•••♦♦♦»»♦♦♦♦♦
SIH O W-* For further particulars apply to
ALt NEIL A. MACQUARRIE
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦••♦♦»♦♦♦♦ Spagnoli Building, Summit Street
j E. GINOCCIIIO & BROTHER [
• Wholesale and Retail Dealers in •
General Merchandise • • .'•-.
• Water Street, Foot of Broadway, Jackson •
S ~\l7"E TAKE PLEASURE IN INFORMING OUR PA- J
Z T V trous and the public generally that we have on hand a Z
m very choice selected stock of DHY GOODS of all kinds. GRO- Z
Z CERIES AND PROVISIONS, CLOTHING. BOOTS AND 5
Z SHOES. We particularly direct tho attention of the public Z
Z to the fact that we keep on hand the largest assortment of Z
Z IRON AND STEEL to be found in Amador county. Also a Z
Z superior assortment of all binds of HARDWARE, such as Z
a Carriage Bolts. Screws, Nuts, Nails, and, in fact, everything Z
m the market demands. We are sole agents for the celebrated Z
Z HURCULES POWDER, of which which we shall constantly !
0 keep on hand a large supply. < J
INSIST k mj&^i AaAI a
UPON aH - y^Sw^^^s. Si'
1/H)T\ l\l WS ' /^®^FDR SALE BY H*
UKUAfI Igi MW^ EAOiNG dealer =^^ i
i, { „ psl^#7 AJJORDANMANUFACTURER >f#i\ M\
niTI FRY i&l^?i_ E .^|^[£-_^^iSB|
DON'T BE A " aM —
And take some other kind because a little
cheaper. Best is always cheapest in th« end, and tho Jordan "AaAI " Cutlery
is "It. " For sale by the leading dealers everywhere.
IHr NFW
■ ■■■— i ULi ii
NATIONAL HOTEL---
(S^t — ' Foot of Main Street
JACKSON, CAL.
o-o-6-o^-o FIRST-CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS FOR TRAVELERS AT REASONABLE PRICES'
; •-'-•' ••• ■ - \ ■ Sample Room for Commercial Travelers ■■*■•>•'■ '-•■ '••••■ ■■•■
— ..^.M Rooms jj cw jy Furnlshdd Throughout ' '••" •"• " A ■ " ■•'■'' • '■■'•
... ;; .. . . ■. Table Supplied With the Best in the Market ~yf~
: ■-.- I BAR Supplied With the Finest Brands of T
\ Wines Liquors and Cigars
3T. A.. "VOOIESEXasa:©,
MISCELLANEOUS ADVERTISEMENTS.
Electricity !
DR. W; F GREEN, D* D. S.
WEBB BUILDING. JACKSON. CAL.
Teeth Filled and. Extracted Positively Without
Pain by ELECTRICITY
Artificial Teeth made on Aluminum Plates. : Easy to
keep clean; light as a feather and will never tarnish. Also
Gold and Metal Plates. All plate work leaving my office is
guaranteed to fit, wear and give perfect satisfaction and com-
fort. -:*'
■ ■
GOLD, ALUMINUM AND PLATINUM CROWNS
:-»All Crown and Bridge Work made according to the
latest and approved method. ; <:rf
FINE GOLD FILLINGS A SPECIALTY
Ulcerated Teeth, no matter of how long standing, cured
in one treatment.
DR. W. F. GREEN, D. D. S.
Webb Building, Main Street, Jackson, Cal.
McCairs Magazine
— — -(the queen of fashion)
Will contain TWENTY-TWO FULL-PAGE •
BEAUTIFUL COLORED PLATES— more
than 1000 exquisite, artistic and strictly up-to-
date FASHION designs — a large number of
short stories and handsome illustrations —
fancy work, hints on dressmaking and sugges-
tions for the home.
With Amador Ledger '■-
:\^— rbnly $2.75 a Year
And each subscriber receives a FREE PAT-
TERN of her own selection — a pattern 'sold by ~
most houses at 25 cents o"r 30 cents.
SEASON OF 1899-1900
■— ■ • Lv San Francisco.'./. s:oopm Tues and Frl
I I rI 1 •Lv Fresno. ....10:23pm.. ..Tnes and Fri
I Il^ I " SAr LL ° S Angeles .' 7:45 am. ...Wed and Sat
\J \J 11 \J JLj 1 •Lv Los Angeles! B:ooam. ...Wed and Sat
■',;. • Ar El Paso...! 7:l2am ThursandSun
I IJlifl' I "* ■ IT^ • LvElPaso 9:25 am.... ThursandSun
I 'I'lVI II PI I * Ar' New Orleans '.'.':... 7:15pm... .Fri and Mon
JLj 1 111 1 X LmJ LJ £ Ar Washington... 8:42am.. ..5un and Wed
«««CC000aC«'««e0««00«00 Ar Neiv "fork... .*.... .....12:43pm.... Sun and Wed
Initial Trip Friday, December <R « K
THIS MAGNIFICENT train again, for the sixth season, offers Its superior service to the trav-
eling public.
ITS HIGH STANDARD of excellence is abundantly attested by Its past brilliant record, and
the Southern.Eacitic management gives the- assurance that it will be maintained in
all respects, and improved where possible. ■ . ■
For more complete information, call on 11. W. GORDON, Agent at lone.
•••••A
I I
: up-to-date :
I Stationery and Novelties j
• PTPTTT •
• • » « ■K-J.VjrXl 1 s
I FREEMAN'S VARIETY STORE |
: :
: :
••••••
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION^
A Made From 'SELECTED WHEAT
-l '"si "Blended According to Our Own Formula
4\4 \ Prodticincj Perfect Results
/""VUR RECORD OF THIRTY-FIVE YEARS IN AMADOR COUNTY OF HONORABLE
t/and upright dealing is with you. and we respectfully ask for a continuance of your favors;
without prejudice.
•-- — — PIONEER FLOOR lIUB, SACRAMENTO tf
LEGAL NOTICES.
Administrator's Sale of R<fl
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVKN. THAT B
pursuance of an order of the SupeiMs
Court in and for the County of Amador. Stat JH
California, made on the 31st day of OctolHl
IW9, in the matter of the estate of G. mH
Matbis, deceased, the undersigned, the adnHf
istrator of said estate, will sell at public afifl
tion, to the highest bidder, for cash, cold cli
of the United States, and subject to condnßH
tion by said Superior Court, on Saturday, iM
«4th d»y of Kehnmry, 1000, at 10 o'clJH
a. m.. In front of the Courthouse door, at Jußl
son. in the County of Amador, State of CMS
fornia, all the right, title. Interest and estaß
of the said G. M. L. Mathis at the time of S
death, and all the right, title and interest tIP 9
the said estate has, by operation of law or cSH
erwise, acquired other than or in additional
that of the said G. M. L. Mathis at the tlmißß
his death, in and to all those certain lcH
pieces or parcels of land situate, lying :JB
being in the said County of Amador. Stateßj
California, and bounded and described as 6
lows, to wit: The east half of the east halfß
section nineteen (19), the southwest quarteißj
the northwest quarter of section twenty r-JH
the east half of the northeast quarter, and 19
northeast quarter of the southeast quurteifffl
section thirty (30). all in township seven (7)H
R 10 E, M. D. U. and M., containing three bfl
dred and twenty (330) acres of land. |il
Terms and Conditions of Sale:— Cash, rA
coin of the United States, 10 per cent of mS
purchase money to be paid the auctioneer X
the day of sale, balance on confirmation of s H
by said Superior Court. Deed at expenseH
purchaser. JOHN G. MATHIS, B
Administrator of the Estate of G. M.L MathH
Deceased. pa
Dated January 19, 19J0. 1-19-3-118
William J. McGee, attorney for admlnlstratlj
Assessment Notice. y
Jackson Gold Mining and Milling Companyl
Location of principal place of busineH
Jackson. California.— Location of WorlH
Jackson Mining District, Amador CountH
KOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT JU
a meeting of the Board of Directors, htfD
on the Sth day of December, 1899. an assessm^B
(No. 3) of one-thirtieth of one cent per shu
was levied upon the capital stock of the c
poration.payable immediately in United Stat
gold coin, to the secretary, at the office of t
company, Ledger office, Jackson, California
Any stock upon which the assessment sh:
remain unpaid on the 6th day of January, 191
will be delinquent, and advertised for sale
public auction, and unless payment is made I
fore, will be sold on Saturday, the 87th day
January, 1900, at 4 p. m.. to pay the dellnque
assessment, together with costs of advertist
and expenses of sale.
By order of the Board of Directors.
.WILL A. NEWCUM, Secretary.
Office: Well & Renno Building, Jackson &
December 5, 1899. 12-8-12-31
At a meeting of the Board of Directors of t
Jackson Gold Mining and Milling Compan
held on Saturday, January 6th. 1900, the da
of delinquency of Assessment No. 3 was poi
poned to Saturday, February 3, 19U0, and t
day of sale to Saturday, February 24, 1900.
WILL. A. NEWCUM, Secretary.
Dated Jackson, January 6, 1800. 1-12—1-26
Notice of Forfeiture.
To John B. Skinner: .
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFED THAT
have expended at least $200 (two bundre
in labor and improvements on the following-d
scribed placer claim: WH of EH and EV4 of W
of SWu of NE« of section 22. township 7 nort
range 12 east, Mt. Diablo Base and Meridia
Volcano Mining District, Amador Count
State of California, as will appear by certi
cate filed at the office of the Recorder of Am
dor County, Jackson, on December at. IS9B, ai
January 19, 19U0, in order to hold said premis
under the provisions of section 2324, Revisi
Statutes of U. S.. being the amount required
hold same for the year ending December ;
1899, and if within ninety days after the pub
cation of this notice you fail or refnse to co
tribute your proportion of said expenditure, :
co-owner, your Interest in said claim will b
come the property of the subscriber nnder sa
section 2324. M. CHRISTENSEN.
Volcano, January 20, 1900. 1-26-4-27
Notice of Annual Meeting-Elec
tion of Officers.
Peerless Gold Mine Development Compan
Jackson, Amador County, California :
rpHE ANNUAL MEETING OF TH
JL stockholders of the above-named compai
will be held at the office,* Brown's bui'din;
Court street Jackson, Amador county, Cal., <
Monday, the sth day of February. A. D. 190
at 3 o'clock p. m, for the election of five d
rectors for the ensuing year.
By order of the Board of Directors.
Dated at Jackson, Cal., this 18th day of Jam
ary A D. WUO.
1-19-2-2 GEORGE W. BROWN, Secretary
MISCELLANEOUS. ,
A $4.00 BOOK FOR rSctS
The Fanners' Encyclopedia.
Every thin? per
tainiEg-to the (if
fain of the .'arm
W^WlttWnV " stock Mlslnc. £n
jSSSgJIfijSftJHaSJJII t'mccs articles o
HWBJSeSHiQEJM tuc horse, the col
■HESgß lttfrfiErag&Vll. hor.°e habits, die
BPfflS^Sa^jßHSffijfaill eases of the norst
rnWS^9B9sMpffl3£Sn tne ftrra . grt&e<
UiUIHT? llngSmfflWiillil fruit culture, dsirv
Ern-JrWll a3ifffflllllAl«ill lng.cooiery,healti
■MMpß^BHaiim»wSarall cattle, Bheep,swinc
IftjßwStlaSsßußrc mill Poultry, bees, th
ISiHIS Ul''l °og, toilet, soda
K!*%"&'"PllSi' ss ' ;1 -Kfisllll Ufe> etc - eto - On
EfivSr Hy|s®a 'ISPj 'I of tne m °st com
Kg lljrSSei £B3jfM I plete Encyclo
nffi IlSvrfiffi^TVyill pediaa in existence
S««fiSi»^»^* A large book, Bx3;
I^Stil.V*SSSsSBS''^^ x inches. 63
WwSi^nlMSßlSS'^ P*Ke«, fully Illus
KeJSejP'" -^*^B^^ irated, bound Ii
other books cosUn
•4.00. If yon desire this book send us our sped*
offer price, $0.75, and 10.20 extra for postage am
we will forward the book to you. If it is not satis
factory return it and we will exchange it or refum
your money. Send for our special illustrated cata
logue. quoting the lowest prices on books, FREE
We can save you money. Address all orders to
' THE WERNER COMPANY, -
rntllrtem and H«mtf»ctureri. AkTOD, OMO
[The Werner Company Is thorougMy reliable.]— Editor.
ffi vi»»t DR. JORDAH'S e™»t
inMuseum of Anatomy
I CSI^IO6IBASKTST.Iot.6a* 7th, S.r.M.
f AJLft The L»rj,stof lisklndlnllwWorU.
I MMfe Wa »re cootiUHallj ail.liog new ip«fmfnt.
1.11 v*'fft'nmßv *'fft'nmB »«<1 lr«iii In w T»i>n<itTfullv tou are mails
w\ Band how to »vt'W «irknrss sntl dlsvaw. If you
\ 1 ■ loOcr from any of the Ills of mm. come to the
£ Specialijit on the Pacific Coast. . -
DR. JORDAIt-I'RIVATK DIKKAMS
Oon*altaUonfre«andttHetW|)ritale. Trratinrnt pfrson-
ally or by letter. .STPHILIN Ihmnushly eradicated
fnm the lr«tcm without nsiug nrrruTs
KVEitv mah apr'yine to ns will reedn <mr
Jboneif opinion of hia eomplsiot. . ■
We Kill Cnaranl'C, rtISITTrF CrRE merman
«■« undtrtakt, or tnrtrit »b« lk». 1 0-J 1>..11.r>.
Write for Book— Vbtl<lMO|>li.v of narriaße,
I mntn nu (A Taluahle bnok fur men. )
DR. JORDAN *«•<».. 1051 MnrkctsUS. P.
TO THE UNFORTUNATE
iH^~^^sfl!ljlA This old reliable and
thnnost successful spe-
M \i. JfSatff costillcontinuestocure
■Tlfrl aJtlt ilffvii all Sexual and Seminal
M^WEto^MSaXw Diseases, such as Gbon-
Syphilis in aii its forms'
l)ub ' lily - Imiwtcncy,
' Loss 0[ Manhood!''the
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counte-
nance, dark spots under the eyes, pain in the
head, ringing in the ears, loss of confidence,
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitation
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and back,
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs,
consumption, etc.
DR. GIBBON has practiced in San Francisco
over 37 years, and those troubled should not
ail to consult him and receive the benefit of
his great skill and experience. The doctor
cures when others fail. Try him. Cures guar-
anteed. Persons cured at home. Charges reas-
onable. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. Gibbon, 625 Kearney street, San
Francisco, Cal.
JACKSON
Meat Market
Main Street r-
GEORGE L. THOMAS, Proprietor
(Successor to S. W. Bright)
THE BEST QUALITY OF BEEF, MUT-
ton, Pork, Corned Beef, Lard, Sausage,
etc., etc., will always be found at this old-es-
tablished stand, at the lowest ruling prices.
Having been in the butchering business In
Jackson for many years, and being familiar
with every branch thereof and with nearly all
the patrons of both shops, I am in position to
know the wants of all to the best advantage, and
respectfully ask a fair share of patronage.
GEORGK t. THOMAS Prop,