Established November i, 1855.
NEWS OF NEARBY COUNTIES
Becomes Insane While In a
Mine, .
A LITTLE GIRL ESCAPES A HORRIBLE DEATH
The Angels Echo's Sarcastic Remarks
On the Removal of the Cala- '
veras County Seat.
EL DORADO COUNTY.
Nugget, Plaoerville, March 3, 1900
D. C. Wickham of this city, while
working at the German mine a day or
two ago, became suddenly insane.
Sheriff Bosquit and Deputy Hoiix
brought him here to his home where
he is slowly recovering.. - His- affliction
arises from pains in the head caused
by an accident ' years ago to one of his
eyes.
Dr. Brown has gone to Amador
county to open up a mine in conjunc
tion with H. E. Pickett.
Joe Edner and Carl Vaughn returned
from Sutler Creek yesterday.
Democrat, Placerville, March 3, 1900.
The residence of Thomas Carter,
near the hospital, was ; entirely de
stroyed by fire last Saturday morning,
with, all its contents. Tho fire was
discovered at about 4 o'clock, and was
then too far advanced 10 bo stayed.
The loss is covered by insurance. >,
Miss Nettie Barnes of Bear Creekj
who has been vUiting-in Amador
county, returned home las-t Saturday.
Frank Nieholls, guardian of the Mar
shall Monument, was over f rom-Coloma
on Monday last.
Republican. Flacurvillo, March 1, 1900.
Mrs. John Blackiston of White Rock
is still in an almost helpless condition
owing to her recent illness. It seoins
to be an affliction uf the spine, sup
posed to have resulted from a fall she
received several years ago, which has
produced partial paralysis.
The cane against Charles Melchoir of
Mosquito, charged with cattle-stealing
last week by Ben Cook, was dismissed
on preliminary examination at George
town. ' Tho prosecuting witness failed
to appear and the case was dismissed
for lack of evidence.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY:
Independent, Sonora, March 3, 1900.
Josheph Gloster, John McDonald, Carl
Rice, Joseph Kniui, William Guinn,
James Davidson, and R. MoOann were
arrested and brought to Carters, Sun
day, charged with gi-anrl larceny,
for breaking into- L. A. Ban-ones'
store near the Buchanan mine and
making off with a lifty-gallon keg of
whiskey, a case of .bcor and cigars.
Fnom accounts there was a ''hot time"
until the fire water was gone.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas A. Hinder on
Wednesday observed the twelfth anni
versary of their raarriagu by inviting
their relatives to partak« of an even
ing's enjoyment. The new home of
Mr. and Mrs. Hemlor was the scene of
much festivities. During the evening
music, singing and conversation occu
pied the time until 12 o'clock when a
sumptuous repast was indulged in by
those present.
Andy Shine met with' a painful
accident Sunday. Wbilo unloading
baled hay at Pickle's stable ho fell
heavily to the 'ground, striking on his
right hip and side. Although severely
bruised and shaken up, no broken
bones or internal injuries resulted. He
is confined to his bed under the care of
Dr. Gould. . •■•*. :-.v
Democratic Banner, Sonera, . March 2, 1000.
Clara, the three-year-old daughter of
Mr. and Mrs.' John Cazzaretta,, came
near being the victim of a frightful ac
cident last Friday morning. Her
father was slacking two barrels of
lime. Upon- the top of the boiling snb
stance he had sprinkled a coating of
sand. She lost her balance and pitched
headforemost into the seething lime.
Just as she fell her father saw her and
ere it takes to tell it he had her res
cued. As quick as he was, yet he was
too late to save the face of the infant.
It was scorched, not seriously, how
ever. Her eyes were burned, but not
to their injury. A horrible duath was
near to the child. .
CALAVERAS COUNTY-
Echo, Angels Camp February 28, 1900.
' ' A certain expressman in Angels
greased his axles the other day pre
paratory to going to San Andreas to
remove the county seat to Angels. If
he doesn't drink more than a quart of
coffin varnisti on the way he will be
apt to get the hall of records here by
Friday, night, and being a seven-day
adventist he will rest on Saturday and
sober up preparatory to bringing the
court room and. jail over on Sunday.
If hay is anywhere handy on the route
be may feed . his team up and not get
there till early on Monday. He will then
enter upon the work of bringing over
the hospital and graveyard thereto be
longing. The county officers, will, of
course, walk over sometime during the
week and hunt up suitable quarters to
reside in. The courthouse and all the
other buildings pertaining to the
county seat will be erected in the blank
'. space at Angels known as the "Toad
etool" editor's mind, and a very desir
able locality it is. Owing to the space
being small it will have to be a minia
ture affair throughout, but it will serve
all present and future needs, and be
dedicated to the memory and the
strenuous efforts of the "Toadstool."
Prospect, San Andreas, March 3, 1900.
A supper was given Wednesday even
ing by Paradise Temple, Rathbone Sis
ters, to the Blacktown Belles who took
part in the show recently given. Music,
dancing and games filled up the time,
ending with a generous feed to which
all did ample justice.
; "After doctors failed to cure me of pneu
monia I used One Minute Cough Cure and three
bottles of it cured me. It is also the best rem
edy on earth for whooping cough. It cured my
grandchildren of the worst cases," writes Jno.
Berry, Loganton, Pa. It is the only harmless
remedy that gives immediate results. Cures
coughs, colds, croup and throat and lung
troubles. It prevents consumption. Children
always like it. Mothers endorse It. City
Pharmacy. '. »
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
Berkeley Athletes Are Preparing For Hard
Contesti.
University of California, Peb- 1
ruary 28.— The track athletes of the 1
University of California will go east <
next May to enter a triple meet with 1
Cornell and Columbia, and dual meets '
with Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Prince- i
ton, and probably with Yale and Chi- ;
The Amador Ledger.
:a<ro, and to take part ." in . the great
annual games of the-' lntercollegiate
Association at Chicago.  Princeton has
offeredd its track for training.
Only once before has a California
team been sent east— in 1895, when the
Berkeley athletes won the  Western
Intercollegiate championship, defeated
Princeton, tie-1 Pennsylvania, and dis
lh>£tiished themselves at Mott Haven.'
Among the athletes who are most
likely to make the eastern- team are
Track Captain William P.. Drum,
whose year of service in the Philippines
has not impaired his skill in the sprints ;
Cadogan, the quarter-mile runner; Ben
Bakewell. the hurdler; Hoffman, the
pole- vaulter and high jumper; Woolney,
the shot-putter and sprinter; Plaw. tho
hammer-thrower; and Broughton. the
broad-jumper and sprinter. .J Track
Manager Ezra Decoto and the students
are raising a guarantee fund of $3000.
: A crew from the University of Calif
ornia will row against the great eastern
universities at Poughkeepsie •in the
spring 1 of-1001. Boating has never held
its proper place in California athletics
because of Stanford's inability to find
water. The Intercollegiate . Rowing
Association hopes to make the Pough
keepsio regatta, all American Henley.
- Major-General William Mbntrose
Graham, U.S. A., retired, reviewed
tho /.University Cadets this morn
ing.' General Graham's son," First
Littuicnant Malcom Graham, U. S. A.,
now stationed at- Iloilo, was formerly a
member of the present Senior class.
Major Robert Mouthop, '00 command
ed the parade today and Major Harri
son S. Robinson. '00, the review.
Lieutenant Sidney A. Cloman, who
was Professor of Military Science and
L'acUes at the University of California
when the war with Spain broke out,
is now civil and military governor of a
little group of islands near Borneo, 700
miles from Manila, whose Mohamme
lavn natives have long •; practiced poly
gamy and slavery. " -;
\Wben J)r. -.J0.-viih LeConte entered
his lecture-room last Monday morning,
be found it* beautifully decorated,
crowded with students, and. a line Cop
ley print of "The Prophets" on his
desk, the student's gift in honor of his
seventy-seventh birthday.
"We have tried," said the venerable
scientist to "his children," "to give
you the true spirit of science, and more
than that, tho true spirit of learning."
' President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the University of California will return
from the cast next Tuesday. The Pro
motion Committee of the Pacific Com
mercial Museum has voted to meet im
mediately . after hU return in order to
hear tho results of bis interview with
tho President and other ' members of
the government while he waa in Wash
ington. |
President Wheeler's "Alexander the
Great and Merging of East and
West in Universal History," which
was printed as a serial in tho Century,
has. just been issued in book form as
one of the Putnam series, "Heroes of
the Nations."
i A second edition will soon be out of
Professor C. C. Plehn's "Introduction
to Public Finance," which is now used
as a text-book by Yale, Cornell, Chi
cago, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Stan
ford, California and a number of other
colleges. This edition contains much
new material, including a chapter on
the financial administration of war.
' President Willsie Martin of the Sen
ior class has appointed Miss Lena M.
Macaulay chairman of the committee
for the mprning exercises of Class Day,
F. W. Aitkin chairman of the after
noon committee, and Percival Dolman
chairman of the committee on Senior
Ball. ■ : ■ - ".--. •
Do Yon Know
Consumption is preventable? Science has
proven that, and also that neglect is suicidal.
.The worst cold or cough can be cured with Shi
loh's Cough and Consumption Cure, Sold on
positive guarantee for over fifty years. For sale
by A. Goldner, Druggist.
SOUND EXPLAINED.
Based on the Result of Scientific Re-
search.
The subject of sound, presents some
interesting topics for general consider
ation, and a few .words on one or two
points may merit attention.
The modern definition of sound is,
that it is the effect produced on the
auditory nerve by the vibrations of air.
With this definition . in mind, the old
question, "If there were no ear to hear,
■would there be any sound?" is easily
answered: The vibrations would be
present, but. all would be as silent as
death. ... -
Sound vibrations travel in air at a
velocity of about 1090 feet per second.
Rain or fog does not affect the velocity
materially, but moisture does affect the
intensity of the vibrations, because
water is a better conductor than air,
being more perfectly elastic.
It is a common observation, that
sound vibrations may be heard much
more distinctly when the air is nearly
saturated with moisture, just before a
rain. So, people often prophesy rain,
on such occasions, with reasonable cer
tainty.
- In order to be heard as sounds, the
vibrations must come at a rate not less
than sixteen per second. Vibrations of
less rapidity cannot be detected by the
ordinary ear. Then vibrations whose
rate - passes above 38,000 per second,
again pass out of the range, and cannot
be registered by the nerve of hearing.
Between these two extremes, occur all
of the sounds, in nature, from the low
throbbing note of a bass viol, to the
shrillest note of some insects, or of the
finger nail scraped on glass. These
most rapid vibrations become extreme-;
]y painful, and .make people put their
hands over tho ear as a protection. I
In water sound vibrations travel
about four times as fast as in air. In
wood and metals, from four to sixteen
times as fast. <
DeWitt's Witch' Hazel Salve is unequalled
for piles, injuries and skin diseases . ,It is the.
original Witch Hazel Salve. Beware of all'
counterfeits. City Pharmacy.
Going Barefoot.
Going- barefoot is decidedly a natural
propensity. In summer weather in
many places j folk go barefoot from
choice, and ' nothing delights children
more than to have their pedal extrem
ities divested of all clothing. This
practice is coming more generally into
vogue, and, though it has such disad
vantages as an occasional thorn in the
foot, it certainly promotes the health
of the whole body aud gives the feet an
opportunity of more natural growth.
It is a fact that the tender feet of those
who never expose them to hardship,
but keep them housed all the jear
round, are . direct causes of ill health,
of colds, of weakness of the eyes, and
many other minor troubles. To rem
edy this, many well-known medical
men now advise their patients to go
barefooted a little time every day, In
their rooms, in the yard, or at the sea
side for two or three hours when on
the beach, or whenever they can with
out trouble. Those who cannot do
this can take substitutes by washing
the feet every night. Incased in shoes
and stockings they perspire, and this
i perspiration is very unhealthy.
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY. CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, MARCH 9. 1900.
INDIA'S GREAT FAMINE
Thousands Will Starve From
Lack of Water.
nmnr million acres of irrigated i unds
The Boer War Occupying England's
Attention and Treasure Is a
Disadvantage to India.
India is again confronted with the
misery of a great famine and England,
even with a disastrous war in South
Africa upon her hands, will have to
stretch forth a strong arm to help the
suffering millions of i her ■ far eastern"
peninsula. Over 50,000,000 souls are
now reported to be affected by the
famine, and with the famine area rap
idly expanding. A London dispatch
states that the sum of 98,700,000 will be
expended on "relief works" anil that
already over 3,000,000 persons are re
ceiving relief. Water, or rather its
lack, is the causo of the affliction.
This year both the monsoons nod the
winter rains failed and left the earth
parched and dry for months.
Yet the English by thoir public
works in India and their great irriga
tion projects have vastly added to the
producing capacity of the country and
have greatly, ameliorated the natural
condition of [ the natives. The pro
ducts from irrigation for last year, ac
cording to the Indian official figures,
amounted to 450,000,000 rupees. . . i ■ "-.•■
NATURE'S MIGHTIEST WORKS.
India includes within her borders the
highest mountains in the world and
some of the mightiest rivers and great
est plains. The groat Himalayan range
1,600 miles long, lying across the north
ern border, shuts out the rest of Asia.
Mount Everest, the highest peak in
the world, pierces the sky 29,002 feet
above the tides, while peaks over 20,
000 feet elevation abound in all parts of
the range. There are numerous well
worn trails leading from India across
tho Himalayas through Kashmeor and
Nepal into Thibet and China, and the
passes on these are from 16,000 to
19,000 feet high. In making such a
journey the traveler for several days
remains above 16,000 feet altitude.
Only one pass is as low as 16,400 feet.
1 The historic Ganges, the Indus and,
the Brahmaputra are the three great'
rivers of India. These with- their
affluents drain an area of nearly 900,000
square miles. Their waters are largely
used for irrigation, constituting , in
reality the life blood of much of the
country. The flood discharges of these
greaf streams are enormous. The
Ganges alone, in flood, may discharge
1,350,000 cubic feet per second.
HEAVIEST RAINFALL IN THE WORLD
India's rainfall which is accountable
for this immense volume of water,
comes exclusively from evaporation
from the Indian Ocean and the bays on
cither side of tho peninsula. The dis
tribution of this rainfall is extremely
varied, ranging from a couple of
inches a year, or in some sections prac
tically nothing, to over. 600 inches,
which falls in a limited area in Assam.
At Chara Pungi, Assam, the maximum
rainfall of the world is reached in an
average annual precipitation of 363
inches, while at this place in 1861,
thirty inches fell in 24 hours and 305
inches fell during that year. These
figures cau bo appreciated when it is
remembered that the annual rainfall
in the Atlantic States on the American
seaboard, is from 35 to 45 inches and
that in the West, farming is conducted
without irrigation on as low an annual
rainfall as 15 or 18 inches.
. STUPENDOUS IRRIGATION WORKS; .
The irrigation works of India are
the vastest in the world, watering over
20,000,000 acres of very fertile soil. The
government has entire control over all
sources of water supply and so exor
cises it as to make it the greatest bene
fit to the community at large. Each
province has a separate department
known as the irrigation branch, at the
head of which is a chief engineer, while
over all the chief engineers is an in
spector-general of irrigation. The
Indian government is greatly in favor
of the extension of irrigation works.
It fosters the use of irrigation waters
by placing the water rates very low or
by even giving the wattr away in
years of scarcity. The Indian irriga
tion works have generally been of the
most substantial and indestructible
character, of solid masonry and great
strength. In some instances canals of
immense volumes of water are carried
clear over other rivers.
There are in India two classes of
irrigation works which may be termed
productive and protective works. In
general, protective works have been
constructed as. a protection against
famine, such as now stares India in the
face, and they act in the amelioration
of such disasters in two i ways. First,
they ~ are constructed ■ during famine
times to give employment to the people
and furnish them money and food for
their sustenance; and second, after
their construction, they are expected
to furnish protection against future
famines in those districts. Most of
these protective works consist of stor
age reservoirs, but they have been
constructed in regions semi-arid, and
they have generally proven financial
failures while the so-called "product
ive" works have earned good interest
on tho Investment. From all of which
we can learn a 10-son applicable to
America's arid west. Tho productive
works have been constructed in arid
regions so barren and devoid of water
that nobody could live there to pro
duce crops of any sort without irriga
tion, therefore .those who immigrated
to the country were compelled to use
the water and make the works do full
duty. On the other hand the protect
ive works have been built in semi-arid
regions where crops can often be raised
under the natural rainfall, -so that the
works have been in entire disuse
through some seasons.
Anywhere in our arid west, where
irrigation works can be constructed it
is reasonable to suppose, therefore,
judging from analogy, that when a
sufficient population settle below them,
the works will be called upon to supply
their full capacity, and if they have
been carefully planned and I estimated
for, economically constructed and ad
ministered under a proper system,
they should return fair interest on the
original outlay.
It has been in our semi-humid region
of the United States where there are
naturally good crops once in several
years that hard times have fallen the
hardest, but It is also here, judging
from Indian experience, that irrigation
works would pay least, because they
would not be continuously used.
FARMERS BULLETINS.
Agricultural Information Can Be Obtained
for the Asking. ;. \ 7;
Hon. Marion DeVpien, representative
at Washington . of this Congressional
District, has furnished tho LEDGER
with the following list |of Farmers',
Bulletins'- now' ready for distribution.
Those desiring the same will please
drop a' postal to Mr. DeVrivs indicating
thenumbcr of the bulletin desired," and
he will take great pleasure in filling the
order.
The publications arq of groat value
to the farmer, as they are calculated
to give full and complete information
upon the subject treated by each:
No. 16— Leguminous Plants for Green
Manuring and for Feeding. Pp. 24. 1
No. 19 — Important Insecticides; Di
rectious for their preparation and use.
Pp2o. •-; .•
No. 21— Barnyard Manure. Pp 32,
figS, 7. " . .. '..-.;
No. 22— Tho Feeding of Farm Ani
mals. Pp 32. y. 'i
No. 23— Foods: Nutritive Value aud
Cost.j Pp 32, charts 2. ; , -.--••:. .^
a No7 24— ; Hog Cholera " and Swine
Plague. Pp 16.
No. 25 — Peanuts: Culture .and Uses.
Pp24, figs I.
No. 26— Sweet Potatoes: Culture and
Uses. Pp 30, figs 4.
No. 27— Flax for Seed and Fiber.
Pp 16.
No. 28— Weeds: and How to Kill
Them. Pp 32. figs 11.
No. 29— Souring of Milk, and Other
Changes in Milk Products. Pp 23.
No. 30 — Grape Diseases on tho Pacific
Coast. Pp 15, figs 3.
No. 31— Alfalfa, or Lmwrn. Pp 24.
figs 3.
No. 32— Silos anil Silage. Pp 32,
figs 10.
No. 33 — Peach Growing for Market.
Pp 24, figs 21. .;
, No. 34— Meats: Composition ami
Cooking. Pp2<>, figs 4.
No. 35— PotatoCulture. Pp23, figs 3.
No. 36— Cotton Seed and Its Pro
ducts. Pp 16. :^
No. 37— Kaffir Corn: Characteristics,
Culture and Uses. Pp 16, Bg 1.
No. 38— Spraying for Fruit Diseases.
Pp 12, figs 6.
No. 39— Onion Culture. Pp3l, figs 3.
No. 40— Farm Drainage. Pp 24, figs 6.
No. 41 — Fowls: Caro and Feeding.
Pp24, figs 4. . :: . -
No. 42— Facts About Milk. Pp 29,
figs 8.
No. 43 — Sewage Disposal on the Farm
and Protection for Drinking ; Water.
Pp 20, figs 8.
No. 44 — Commercial Fertilizers: Com
position and Use. Pp 24.
No. 45— Some Insects Injurious to
Stored Grain. Pp 24, figs 17.
No. 46 — Irrigation in Humid Cli
mates. Pp 27, figs 4.
No. 47 — Insects Affecting the Cotton
Plant. Pp 32, figs 18.
No. 48 — Tho ' Manuring of Cotton.
Ppl6.
No. 49— Sheep Feeding. Pp 24.
No. 50 — Sorghum as a Forage Crop.
Pp2o, figl.
No. 51— Standard Varieties of Chick
ens. Pp4B, figs 44. ;v
No. 52— Nho Sugar Beet. Pp 48, figs
24.
No. 53 — How to Grow Mushrooms.
Pp2o, figs 14.
No. 54 — Some Common Birds in
Their Relation to Agriculture. Pp 40,
figs 22.
No. 55 — The Dairy Herd: Its Forma
tion and Management. Pp 24.
No. 56 — Experiment Station Work-I.
Pp 31, iigs 10.
No. 57 — Butter. Making on the Farm.
Ppls.
No. 58— The Soy Bean as a Forage
Crop. Pp 24, figs 5.
No. 59— Bee Keeping. Pp 32, figs 19.
No. 60 — Methods of Curing Tobacco.
Ppl6. \
< No. 61 — Asparagus Culture. Pp 40,
figs 17.
No. 62 — Marketing Farm Produce.
Pp2B, figs 7.
No. 63 — Care of Milk on tho Farm.
Pp4o, figs 9.
No. 64 — Ducks and Geese: Standard
Breeds and Management. Pp 48, figs 37.
No. 65 — Experiment Station Work
11. Pp 32, figs 7.
No. 66 — Meadows and Pastures in the
Middle Eastern States. Pp 28, figs 9.
No. 67 — Forestry for ' Farmers. Pp
48, figs 15.
No. 68— The Black Rot of the Cab
bage. Pp22, figl. .
No. 69— Experiment Station Work
111. Pp 32, figs 2.
No. 70— The Principal Insect Ene
mies of the Grape. Pp 23, figs 12.
No. 71 — Some Essentials in Beef Pro
duction. Pp 24, figs 17.
No. 72 — Cattle Ranges of the South
west. Pp 32, figs 9.
No. 73 — Experiment Station Work-
IV. Pp 32, figs 3.
No. 74— Milk as Food. Pp 39, cht 2.
No. 75 — The Grain Smuts: How They
Are Caused and How to Prevent Them.
Pp 20, figs 8.
No. 76 — Tomato Growing. Pp 30.
No. 77— The Liming of Soils. Pp 19.
No. 78 — Experiment Station Work-
V. Pp 32, figs 2. ,
No. 79— Experiment Station Work-
VI. Pp 28, figs 2.
No. 80— The Peach Twig-borer: An
Important Enemy of Stone Fruits. Pp
16, figs 5.
No. 81— Corn Culture in the South.
Pp24.
No. 82— The Culture of Tobacco. Pp
24.
No. 83— Tobacco Soils. Pp 23, fig 1.
No. 84 — Experiment Station Work-
VII. Pp 32, figs 8.
No. 85— Fish as Food. Pp 30.
No. 86— Thirty Poisonous Plants.
Pp 32, figs 24.
. No. 87— Experiment Station Work-
VIII. Pp 32, figs 6.
No. 88— Alkali Lands. Pp 23, fig 1.
No. 89— Cowpeas.' Pp 16, fig 1.
No. 90 — The Manufacture of Sorghum
Sirup. Pp 32, figs 9.
No. 91— Potato Diseases and Their
Treatment. Pp 12, figs 4.
No. 92— Experiment Station Work-
IX. Pp 30. •■:
No. 93— Sugar as Food. Pp 27.
No. 94— Tho Vegetable Garden. Pp
24, figs 8.
No. 95 — Good Roads for Farmers.
Pp 47, figs 49.
No. 96— Raising Sheep for Mutton.
Pp 48, figs 18.
No. 97— Experiment Station Work-
X. Pp 32, figs 5.
No. 98 — Suggettions to Southern
Farmers. Pp 48.
No. 99— Three Insect Enemies of
Shade Trees. Pp 30. figs 11.
No. 100— Hog Raising in the South.
Pp4o. r
No. 101— Millets. Pp 28, .figs 6.
No. 102 — Southern Forage Plants.
Pp 48, figs 14.
No. 103 — Experiment Station Work-
XL Pp 32, figs 5.
No. 104— Notes on Frost. Pp 24.
No. 105— Experiment Station Work-
XII. Pp 32, figs 4.
No. 106— Breeds of Dairy Cattle. Pp
48, figs 21.
No. 107— Experiment Station Work-
XII. (In press.)
No. 108 — Saltbushes. (In press.)
No. 109 — Farmers' Reading Courses.
(In press.)
No. 110-Rice Culture in the United
THE HOUSEHOLD.
Decorating For Receptions— "SU-rer
'Bella". Mimic Portfolio—Ma*
10m Glaeee.
-Whether the decorations be few or
many, let the position of every spray
of, flowers or greens, every ribbon
streamer, every ; strip of .bunting, be
considered not only individually, but In
connection with the entire scheme of
decoration. Generally speaking, If bu{
little material for decoration Is to be
osed it Is better to concentrate it In
one/effective mass than to make It ex
tend over'so large a space that no part
of it can be made effective. Thus the
Bowers may all be given to the large
table, the smaller ones simply having
the ] fronds of hardy ferns scattered
over the cloths. This will give a much
better effect than a meager bunch of
flowers on each table. These hardy
ferns can usually be procured at the
flcrlst's for about 8 cents a bunch of
I<V fronds. If no flowers at all are
o^d,, there are great decorative possi
bilities In these ferns alone.
'' Carrying out the same idea In other
decorations, It would seem better to
mass .the ribbons and bunting or flags
In one handsome grouping over a win
dow at the end of the room or about
the rostrum than to so scatter them,
that the meagerness of the quantity
would of Itself attract attention. One
of the most attractive of decorations
was seen in a church vestry, over
whose window ivy was trained. The
nearest approach to this could be made
with trailing greens.— lnez Redding In
Woman's Home Companion. .
A Mmlo Portfolio.
The design Illustrated should be ap
plied to a music portfolio and '.a char
acteristic of the old nursery rhyme:
"Msry, Vary, quite contrary,
', How does your garden growl"
■ "Silver balls and cockleshells
And cowslips all In a row."
The silver bells of the stanza are
represented by the pendent waxen blos
soms of that pretty little flower. Solo
mon's seal.
And now let us consider the transla
tion of these telling lines Into canning
needlework. Linen Is the material par
excellence on which the broidery
should be wrought and the color
should be dark. A good earth brown
would be pleasing, bat citron green Is
even better. This shade should throw
up the delicate coloring- of the design
wonderfully well and be a good wear-
Ing color to boot
Sixfold floss Is the embroidering ma
terial to use, for the reason that It, is
sufficiently tightly twisted to with
stand the rub and friction to which a
THE "SILVER BKIXS" DESIGN.
music portfolio must necessarily be
subjected. One fll of this sixfold floss
must be used at a time, and the stitch
es must be placed closely and evenly.
Three shades of green will be requir
ed—a dark shade for the twin blades
of the Solomon's seal, a mldshade for
the leaves of the cowslips and a pale
shade for their stalks and calyxes and
for edging the "silver bells" above. A
fourth shade, of a more emerald tint,
might be used here instead of that
which goes to form the stems and ca
lyxes. But this must be chosen warily,
for nothing garish must be allowed to
creep Into this dainty scheme.
The cowslips must be worked with
two shades of soft yellow, a deep shade
for the corollas and a pale shade for
the tubes. The bells must be palest
cream or actually dead white, but
nothing of a blue shade must be pres
ent In this white. The shells may be
buff cream or palest fawn pink. A
shade of brown will be wanted for the
five freckles that are seen in every
cowslip flower, and this same brown
may be used for outlining and defining
the Outings of the shells.— Phlladel-
Marron* Glace*.
Those who have been In France and
eaten the delicious matrons glaces of
the French confectioners may be glad
to know a simple method of prepara
tion which can be followed at home.
Procure a pound of the large Imported
French chestnuts, which are sold by
the fruit venders. Cover the nuts with
boiling water to remove the shells.
Make a sirup In the proportion of two
thirds water and one-third sugar and
boll the chestnuts In the water until
tender. Take out the nuts from the
sirup and peel off the skins. Put Into
a granite basin a pound of the best
granulated sugar and a cupful of wa
ter. Stir gently until the sugar Is dls
solved, then remove the spoon. When
a little dropped Into ice water hardens
and cracks, take the sirup from the fire
and put the basin containing it Into
another of boiling water. Dip the nuts
one by one into this sirup, uslryj a small
skewer or knitting needle for this pur
pose, and place them on a platter lined
with paraffin paper. These marrons
glaces should be made Just before us
ing, as tliey do not keep long.
Odors and the Voice.
Dr. Joal calls attention to the many
cases recorded In medical literature
of severe headaches, nervous disturb
ances and even occasional cases of
death due to the inhalation of the
odors of various flowers, says The
Practical -Druggist He then states
that a number of singers and actors
suffer from this, and that usually It is
a certain odor which the affected per
son cannot tolerate. The symptoms set
up are usually coryza, hoarseness even
to aphonia, headache, etc. He reports
a number of cases in several of which
good results were obtained by cauteri
zation of the bypertrophied mucous
membrane.
EVILS OF MONOTONY.
It Given Rise to More Insanity Than
Any Other Cause.
One would be pardoned for thinking
that a man who earned his livelihood
by working In the fresh air of the
country, surrounded by sights delight
ful to the eye aqd refreshing to the
mind, would be far less liable to brain
dlsenses than the man ■ sitting on a
stool over a ledger in the stuffy atmos
i!iii-r<» of a smoke dyed city. '<£■■%
rut if statistics prove anything they
l' ::vp thp worthlessness of that possi
lile supposition,, says .the Cincinnati
Enquirer. More agricultural laborers
go mad, per cent for per cent, than
any other workers. It is monotony
which excites disinterestedness, which
leads to depression, which develops In
to melancholia, which ends perhaps in
a cure, possibly In a suicidal act, prob
ably In an asylum. It may safely be
said that Sunday saves thousands up
on thousands from the madhouse: — It
Is the one break -from week to week
which thousands of natures demand.
_JThe agricultural laboreivthejirtisan
and ■ other similar classes of r workers
live on monotony, broken here and
there by a small incident which In time
becomes Itself monotonous. A man
perhaps drives rivets; he drives them
every day of the week except Sunday;
every motion of his work becomes
mechanical; he has no Interest in his
work beyond what It. finds for him on
Saturday. He has one thing to do,
and the more he does that the less he
does everything else. Consequently
the brain becomes weak for want of
more general use and weakens until It
snaps. ■ ■"'■ .\~
A fine thing is a healthy hobby, but
a finer, especially for Indoor workers,
is a sport Healthy recreation keeps
more people out of the madhouse than
anything the doctors could do. Na
ture demands a certain amount of bal
ance, and she will have It or be re
venged.
Age of the Earth.
Scientists are still disagreeing about
the age of the earth. They have been
actively discussing the subject for the
last 30 years, and yet no general agree
ment has been arrived at The school
of Hutton and Playfalr had come to
believe that the whole of eternity was
at the disposal of the geologists, when
Sir W. Thomson, now Lord Kelvin, as
tonished the scientific world by declar
ing that the age of our planet must be
more than 20,000,000 years, but less
than 400,000.000 years. This larger es
timate has now been restricted by him
to not much more than 20,000,000,
while Professor Talt grudgingly allows
something less than 10,000,000. Sir
Archibald Geikle showed that even the
phenomena of denudation which had
been adduced In support of the incon
ceivably vast antiquity of our globe
might be accounted for at the present
rate of action within such a period as
100,000,000 years. Sir Archibald, In an
address before the British association,
now concedes that it Is Just as well to
leave the dispute about the age of the
earth to the decision of the future. ' He
still, however, adheres to his belief
that 100,000,000 years would suffice for
that portion of the history which Is
registered In the stratified rocks of the
crust At the same time he concedes
that there Is no reason on the geolog
ical side why scientists should not be
at liberty to enlarge It as far as they
might find to be needful for the evolu
tion of organized existence on the
globe. To the end of following inves
tigations which might be turned to ac
count in the solution of this vast prob
lem Sir Archibald recommended a
study of atmospheric denudations of
buildings, and he urged upon town
geologists that they might do good
service. by. careful scrutiny of ancient
building and monuments, so as to ob
tain definite measures of the rate of
their decay.
ExiraordlnWr'r Carrtnsra.
Some very extraordinary carvings
are to be found at Thomboo, on the
Irawaddy, where they are cut out of
the face of a high cliff rising directly
from the river bank and are of great
size. They consist of a succession of
rudely formed niches. In appearance
something like the catacombs of Rome,
and these are full of large and small
Images of Buddha, who is represented
In several positions. On the summit
of the cliff Is a pagoda of great sanctity,
which Is visited every year by large
numbers of Dllrrlms. •' ■. '
Mrs. J. K. Miller, Newton Hamilton, Pa.,
writes, "I think DeWitt's Witch Hazel Salve
the grandest salve made." It cures piles and
heals everything. AH fraudulent imitations
are worthless. City Pharmacy. ■-*;■
MISCELLANEOUS.
•WBE,^ .^^§^£
It has been wittily said of the martyrs
that they were people who were cannon-
aded while they lived and were canon-
ized when they were dead. The same
thing might be said of many a woman,
who has been cannonaded by censures
and criticisms while she lived and can-
onized as a saint after death.
Husbands don't mean to be small and
selfish. But they can't understand the
sufferings which come with debilitating
drains, irregularity, inflammation, or m-
ceration of the sensitive female organs.
Thousands of happy women pay trib-
ute to the wonderful change in their
lives effected by the use of Dr. Pierce'i
Favorite Prescription. It is not a cure-
alL It has a specific purpose, in the cur-
ing of diseases peculiar to women. It
cures these diseases perfectly.
Sick women can consult Dr. Pierce
free by letter. Each letter is treated as
a sacred confidence, privately read and
promptly answered. All answers are in
plain envelopes. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
" My health is much better since I have been
using Dr. Pierces medicines," writes Mrs. Cora
Brooks, of Martin, Franklin Co., Ga. "After
having a miscarriage in 1893, I suffered with a
pain in my left side and a lingering cough which
grew worse and worse. I used Wine of C ,
but it only gave me temporary relief. Last
spring I got past doing anything and my hus-
band went to the drug store and called for Wine
of C , and the merchant recommended Dr.
Fteree's Favorite Prescription as better, so he
bought one bottle. I began to take it as directed
in the pamphlet wrapped around the bottle.
The book said if the disease was complicated
with cough to take Dr. J*i
Pierces Golden Medical Jo £\
Discovery and 'Favorite \'jd\
Prescription' alternately. &7 \
Mr. Brooks got the 'Golden <ff \\
Medical Discovery ' and I I* fl % V
took it as directed. The I/] V*
cough left me at once and M \\ rJ ati
I got better so rapidly my IJ M I
husband was astonished, at rrj- ~; ■ !*
my improvement. I took I o"«.'ti/.. wl
six bottles of the two S _J£Zi;J
medicines. lam now able 1 LJjt V ' 1
to work and do the wash- 1' 1 ■ ',
&«|tor two IwniUta...- 1 J.
Where Honest? Exists.
"People In the small towns up In
Connecticut" said the traveling man,
"appear to be much more honest than
they are In New York. Not one fam
ily In ten thinks of such a thing as
burglar alarms, and half of them do
not even lock their outer doors when
they retire. But what ' Impresses ma
most are the street laundry boxes.
"Nearly every town of 6,000 or more
Inhabitants has- several places where
laundry packages are received and de
livered. These places are generally
dry goods or notion stores, or haber
dasheries. Suburban merchants *as a
rule do not keep their stores open much
later than 8 o'clock In the evening and
do not open them until 7 or half past 7
In the morning. '
"This does not suit all their patrons,
so It is no Infrequent sight to see out
side the store a large red box with a
fair sized opening In the top. The box
bears the legend If the store Is closed,
put your laundry in here.' .. Now, Juet
Imagine a New York laundry office us
ing a receptacle like that! Why, five
minutes after a package was deposited
In the box. It would be fl shed out, and
In an hour its contents would be In the
possession of some dealer In ' second
hand clothing. Buf up In Connecticut
the scheme seems to work very. well,
and all I can say is that It is a tribute
to the general honesty of the commu
nity."—New York Herald.
HU Vocation.
Hicks— lt la a shame the way Buster
is bringing up that boy of his. The lad
doesn't know how to read or write, and
there Is no Indication of his ever being
sent to school.
Wicks— Buster knows what he la do-
In;, yon can depend upon It Probably
he Intends when that boy reaches man
hood he will have all the business he
can attend to as criminal court Juror.—
Boston Transcript
Sfesury.
Doctor— Stick out your tongue, Tom
my. /;;.l
Tommy— Not on your life! 1 did that
yesterday to my teacher, and I still
ache all over for It— Wiener Tagblatt
MISCELLANEOUS.

• •

iiiiii
••••a*
JACKSON, CAL.
Basement of the Webb Building
Everything New, Neat and Clean
MEALS SERVED AT ALL HOURS
THE BEST
THE MARKET
AFFORDS
ALWAYS ' .
ON HAND
■■ . ■ ■
v^ :—: —
Quests treated with consideration and re-
spect at all times.
Beat Liqnors'and Cigars at the Bar
. HAMBRIC & CARLEY.
ffl. A. MAILS
For the Best
Assortment of
-
Dry Goods
SHOES
Furnishing   Goods
Of All Kinds
For Ladies
And Children
At 'the Lowest Prices
GO TO^
JVI. A. MAILS
Sutler Creek .
BANK Of AMADOR COUNTY
Incorporated November, 1895 \ - ■
Stock : : : $50,000
President Henry Eudey
Vice-President S. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudey
board of directors:
Henry Eudey, S. G. Spagnoli, John Strohm, C.
Marelia and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT.— Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from the Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from tire
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County ; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over pos tottlce or express. Money sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County.
They receive deposits from 15 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die It can't be found and you are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive. ■
••••a*
: l # a- kent :
J Blacksmith {
• Wagonmaker and •
• Horseshoer^* ' I
2 CARRIAGE PAINTING AND GEN- S
Z \J eral Smithing attended to with dls- Z
Z patch at reasonable rates. Wharf's old Z
Z stand, South Main street, Near National Z
2 Hotel, Jackson. q
Ten Cents Per Cepy.
•.; > LAWYERS.
Tp ; A. ; FREEMAN •
- • At t opocy - ft t~LJsV w
Jackson, Cal.
Office In Marelia building, corner Main and
Court streets.
T\ ■B. BPAGNULI
■ Attorney and Counselor at t»w
Jackson. Cal.
Practice in all the States and Federal conrts.
Office: Spagnoli building, opposite Hall of
Records.
■V "bAMiNKTTI
Attorney and Counselor at Law
?;:..{ Jackson, Cal.
Will practice in all the State and Federal
"OOBEKT-Cj BOUB '
"V^-.;V, , \ ; -Attorney-at-Lawf.: j
Jackson, Cal. "
Office: Farley building. Summit street.
*
-XTBlt^A. 1 ; MACQUARRIB !*
;■'•.. Attorney and Counselor at Law
. . Jackson, Cal. . .
Office : Spagnoli block. Courthouse square.
T W. CALDWEIJL ". ;\
Attorneyat-Law
Jackson, Cal.
Will practice In all courts ot the State
■yy h. willis
. Attorney-at-Law
,;,;, Jackson, cal. .
Office: With E. A. Freeman. . Practle* In
State Courts. . ; -
tohm f. uatis
Jackson, Cal.
Office on Summit Street, opposite Courthouse.
JACOB ; L. : SAKGXNT
Jackson, Cal. '•.
Office: Marelia building. Court street. Mines
and mining laws a specialty.
NOTARIES.
TTILDA CLOUGH
Stenographer and Notary Pnblie
Jackson, Cal.
Office, Judge Davis' law offices. Summit Btreet.
DOCTORS.
■CV V. TIFFANY v' : -V-:.-V
.:/■■ 'Physician and Surgeon
PLYMOUTH. CAL.
49- Office on Main Street : : ililfsfifl
T\K. V. H. GIBBONS .
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
- . . . ' .*,~*:J ( 'jl l| ' " ■
Office and residence In Well & Renoo building
Office hours: 3 p.m. to 4 p. m., and when not
otherwise engaged. Sunset telephone, Mala
42—4. > - ..
T^KEO HUTCUINS. M. D.
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal. | '
Office with Dr. Robertson, in the Kay building.
Will be in his office every evening (Sundays ex-
cepted) from 7 to 9.
EX. ENDICOTT, M. D.
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal. j
Office: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times, . .
TV*- K. V. LONIGO
Physician and Snrgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office: Webb building. Main street. Resi-
dence : Broadway, near Mane's Hotel.
T~"|R. A. M. GALL 9
Physician and Surgeon
.-■*■ ■ -
•'; '< JACKSON, CAL.
Office in Weil & Renno building. Main Street.
-jyr c. sihmons
Physician and Surgeon
Suttib Cheek, Cal.
Office: Richards building. Residents* : Sut-
ter Hotel. ■
T~\B. J. H. Giles ''<:>.; i^r;
. ' '. ' Physician and Surgeon
Suiter Creek, Cal.
Office: Eureka Street, one block east of Mala.
DENTISTS.
r\K. C. A. HEKKICK
DENTIST '—r}\
Jackson. Cau
Office in Kay building. Hours from 9 a. m. to
sp.m.
MISCELLANEOUS.
JACKSON
Marble and Granite Works
HEADSTONES
MONUMENTS
All Kinds of Marble and Granite
CITY . PRICES
Granite curbings from 11.25 (and upward) a
foot. Cement curbings 80 cents a foot.
Come and see me, for you will be well pleased
with my work.
A. FRAN ATO VICH, Jackson, Cal.
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, Jackson
WATCHES, CLOCKS .EMOT*
AND SILVERWARE
*5T* All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watches, Clocks and jewelry a
specialty.
ANTONE RATTO
Carpenter and Contractor
— •
ESTIMATES GIVEN ON ALL KINDS OF
work. Jobbing and repairing work at-
tended to promptly. Address at Fregulla'i
shop, BroMway, Jackson,THE AMAQQR LEDGER
Published Fridays by.
AMADOR COUNTY PUBLISHING COMPANY.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One Year- (If not in advance) .' $3 00
One Ykak 0n advance) 2 50
1 ■ ........... .... — ... . —
Six 3IONTHS l
Three Months 75
Oneoh More Copies of the Ledger, each........................ 10
Legal Advertising— Per Square— First Insertion $1 00
Subsequent Insertions— Per Square— each......:.:..... 50
P. BUFFIN6TON : : " : : Editor and Manager
•FRIDAY ............MARCH 9, 1900
CRONJE'S GALLANT STAND.
.The history of the world is full of the noble deeds of
patriots who have dared to face death in behalf of their coun
* But no more brilliant page of history was ever written
than that which will enroll the names of the heroic leader
and his devoted army, who was overwhelmed by the vast
army of England, under Lord Roberts, February 27, 1900; :
General Cronje's name will be a synonym for gallantry
wherever the love of Liberty is allowed free scope. His mas
terly retreat, w.hicl} was a continued fight over every inch of
ground, and his last grand effort as he came to bay in the
rocky bed of the Modder river, taught the world a lesson of
bravery, and proved that even under the burning sun of
South Africa a liberty loving race has been bred who could
not be made to bend the knee to the dominating race. This
fight of the brave army of Boers can be compared with noth
ing in the whole history of war Never before has war
wielded such deadly missiles, and the fact that these men
faced death and the stifling fumes of the Lydite shells for
more than one week, with a perfect hell of fire and destruc
tion pouring upon them from a hundred cannon, reveals to
the world the stubborn valor of this race of freemen.
All honor to the fearless Cronje and his brave comrades.
They are fighting for their homes and their firesides against
greed for gold and lust for dominion.
We deplore the fact that some form of peaceful adjust
ment could not have been arranged before the final appeal to
the arbitrament of war was made.
Now is the time for mediation and we hope that the good
offices of some government may be offered and made effective
to stay the slaughter of freedom loving people on one side
" and loyal subjects on the other.
The attempt of the Government to induce the adoption
of conservative methods of lumbering in order to preserve the
national resources, and the responsive interest taken by tim
ber owners, have brought up many, interesting legal, ques
tions, and the Division of Forestry has found it necessary to
make extensive researches in this direction. As the result, a
circular dealing with the laws which affect forests is in course
of preparation and will be sent free to persons interested. One
of the most important points brought out is the recognition
by law of the prospective value of growing timber. The pos
sibility of profitably carrying on lumbering with systematic
provision for future cutting depends upon this point. It has
usually been held that' when, by trespass, or by unscrupulous
cutting by contractors, timber has been removed contrary to
the owner's wish, he could recover only its stumpage value.
As forestry usually, requires that a certain number of trees of
certain size be left, it follows that an unscrupulous contractor
could easily upset the plans of years with little fear of pun
ishment. The Supreme Court, however, has recently ruled
thai the difference in value between logged and uulogged
land depends not only on tbe value of the timber removed,
but on its probable increase had it been left untouched.
Tomorrow Township No. 4, which includes Sutter
Creek and Amador City, will vote for the establishment of a
high school. If each one who signed the petition backs up
his signature with a vote the question will be settled in the
affirmative. That a school of the kind is needed in the
county there is no doubt, and that this is the first step toward
that end is equally true. We expect good results from
Township Four to-morrow.
Senator Allison has chosen for his fellow members of
the Republican Steering Committee, the following brilliant
array of Senatorial talent: Hale, of Maine; Aldrich, of
Rhode Island; Culloin, of 111.; Wolcott, of Colo.; Sewell, of
New Jersey; Spooner, of Wisconsin; Mcßride, of Washing
ton, and Hanna, of Ohio. With such able and experienced
advisers to arrange the order of business, republicans can be
certain that no mistake will be made by the Senate.
-■- The Christian Daily; which Rev. Sheldon, of Topeka,
Kansas, is going to run for one week as Jesus would run it,
has been subscribed for by people in all parts of the world.
The demand for. the paper is simply overwhelming. The
last two days that subscriptions were received, upward of
60,000 names were added to the subscription list. Intense
interest is felt in Topeka in the Sheldon experiment.
The resolution introduced by Congressman DeVries of
this District, for the preservation of the Calaveras big trees
was effectual and the big trees have been saved from the
speculator who hoped to turn a pretty penny in the venture.
The timely and zealous work of ladies of the California Club
had much to do \n bringing about this desirable end.
THE .AMATJQB LEDGER: JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, MARCH 9. 1900.
According to a press report from Auburn, Indiana/ ex-
President Benjamin Harrison is a Boer sympathizer. It
appears, however, that he refuses to be publicly quoted, lest
his words embarrass the McKinley administration. Accord
ing to the S. F. Chronicle of March 7, which quotes from the
New York World, ex-President Harrison contends that there
is no occasion for gratitude on the part of this government
toward the British. He thinks the British were guilty of in
human practices during the Revolutionary War and that
their attack on this Nation in 1812 had no justification- from
any international standpoint, while their conduct toward the
Union during the Civil War was also reprehensible. He
sees no occasion for enthusiasm over the friendship of the
English during the war with Spain, as it was a war against
cruelty and clearly for -humanity. There was no reason why
the British or any other enlightened nation should not have
been with America on this proposition. If. the British were
suppiessing cruelty in South Africa or remedying conditions
that interfered with humane government the United,; States
would be justified in lending its sympathy. On the contrary,
General Harrison thinks, here is a republic fighting "for "its
home and. its own government, a cause as just as the Ameri
cans had in their great war of the eighteenth century. **■' ".'.
■ . ■ ■ ■ ■■ ;'•• . -:• ; ;•■• .- ■
In the old days a personal reference; made on the floor
of the Senate, by Senator Tillman to Senator Morgan would
have resulted in pistols and coffee for two, but there is no
longer any fighting in Congress, even when- such Southern
hot-heads as Tillman and Morgan indulge in flinging per
sonal insults at each other. The incident grew out of the
refusal of Morgan some days before, to give the floor to Till
man in order that he might reply to a taunt of Senator Wol
cott, about the "suppressed vote" of South Carolina.- Till
mau said: " I have felt indignant at the treatment I received
from the Senator. Never in my experience in the Senate,
have I been treated so discourteously by any member of the
Senate." At this point Morgau attempted to interrupt him
to make a statement, but Tillman impetuously waved him
aside, and continued: "I decline to yield to the Senator. He
has put himself outside of the pale of courtesy and consider
ation, so far as lam concerned." . .
President Wheeler of the University of California is
an enthusiast, but not in the sense that he permits his
prejudices to bias his judgment. He is energetic and prac
tical, and it may be, therefore, accepted that his utterances
concerning the existing conditions of California and the effect
of those conditions on our future are based on knowledge.
We quote him as follows: "In the Eastern States I find that
great interest is being manifested among all classes of the
great cities in California's growing importance as a commer
cial and educational center. Ouly on the Pacific Coast is
there a lack of understanding and appreciation of the strategic
value, commercially, of our position, as created by the recent
developments in the Orient."- :>; -
Wicked San Francisco is all agog and on its knees to a
13-year-old boy preacher, whose apt and instantaneous an
swers to knotty questions propounded by the Solons . of
Sodom, are said to be marvelous. The wisdom of Solomon,
according to published reports, rests on the two small should
ers of the young stripling.
Father Yorke, of Sau Francisco, has taken up the
social evil question and is handling it without gloves. He is
a Gatling gun of hot shot and he spares neither the high nor
the low. May the good seed he is sowing bear an hundred
fold. •
SUPERIOR COURT.
D. Boro vs Mary A. Turner—Argu
ment on demurrer continued to March
10th.
Lottie May Liddicoat vs Win. -R.
Liddicoat — Action for divorce. Trial
set for April 3d. V -
M. Rossi vs G. Garibaldi— Trial con
tinued to March 19th.
M. Bearce vs B. Bearce— Trial con
tinued to March 19th,
Bunker Hill Con. Mining Co. vs
Bunker Hill Quartz Mining Co.— Trial
set for March 19th.
Anna C. Schley vs B. Jelmini—Ac
tion to quiet title. Trial had and de
cree granted.
People vs J. H. Giles— Matter of set
ting cause for trial continued indefi
nitely to bo set on five days notice.
J. Q. Horton vs A. Adams-rQrder
dismissing appeal.
Estate of L. H. Abramofsky— Decree
settling final account and distributing
estate.
Estate of John Cclio — L. J. Fonten
rose appointed administrator.
Matter of the application of James
F. Peek to adopt Thomas W. Wright,
the minor child of Katie L. Peek (neo
Katie L. Wright). Order of adoption
granted.
"I had bronchitis every winter for years and
no medicine gave me permanent relief till I be
gan to take One Minute Cough Cure. I know it
is the best cough medicine made." says J.
Koontz, Corry, Pa. It quickly cures coughs,
colds, croup, asthma, grippe and throat and
lung troubles. It is the children's favorite
remedy. City Pharmacy, • *
Estray Notice.
Taken up at my ranch on the South
Fork of Jackson creek, three miles
from Jackson, sometimo during the
fall of 1897, one bay mare, aged about
three years. No marks. The owner
can have same by proving ownership
and paying expensos, including cost of
this notice. John Rattcx.
Feb. 16-5t
Explosion of Gas.
Last Tuesday Lawrence Spinetti of
the Oqeida mine, had occasion to visit
the station at the 600 level pf the old
shaft. His candle ignited gas that had
collected there causing an explosion
which burned his face and hands quite
severely. He will not be disfigured,
however. Dr. G»ll is attending the mr
jured man.
THE PHILIPPINE WAR.
March 1. — Admiral Duwey advises
the building of more warships. \
March 2.— Major-General Otis 'will
soon returned from Manila.— Filipinos
ambushed and many killed. '
March 3. — Lieutenant Gibbons makes
a dashing raid and rescues American and
Spanish prisoners in Southern Luzon.
March 4. — Natives in Luzon expected
to resume armed opposition in the
rainy season. •. . . ■ i <ir\
March 5.— A squad of colored troops
from the Twenty-fourth swim across
the San Luis at Naguilan and rout' the
Filipinos. ■ ■ •■■ -' ( t'' !
__ March 6. —General Bates', divisipn en
gages in a sharp'battle.— Conditions in
Manila are vastly improved. Ji;y\>;
March 7. — Admiral Watson may be
recalled. Rear Admiral Romey will
take his place at Manila.
On Every Bottle
Of Shiloh's Consumption cure is this guaran
tee: "All we ask of you is to use two-thirds of
the contents of this bottle faithfully, then if
you can say you are not benefited, return the
bottle to your druggist and he may refund the
price paid." Price paid 25c, SOc and fl. For
sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. ' . *
Health Officer's Eeport.
County Health OHicer Endicott
Hlod the following report with the
Board of Supervisors for the month of
Febrnary: Have abated ten public
nuisances dangerous to health: have
issued eight burial permits— five for
Jackson, two for lone and one for
Lancha Plana. Cause of death: Two,
Blight's disease, two consumption, one
corebreal hemorrhage, one pneumonia
and one arsenical poisoning with sui
cidal intent.
The Finest Building Lota.
Remember that W. P. Peek has the
finest building lots for sale in Jackson.
Terms easy. See display advertisement
in this paper. : 3?2-tf
Wanted.
A young man tp learn the dry goods
trade. For particulars call at Ledger
pflice. 2-23-tf
MOTHER LODE GEOLOGY
Features of the Lode In Am
ador County.
LOCATION AND DESCRIPTION OF STRINGERS
California Is In Great Need pf a Geo
logical Survey, Which Would
Add to Our Importance..
By John a. Fadu.
,ln speaking of the great lode system
in Amador county, there are features
most interesting that do not appear to
be touched upon by the examiners in
the field for the Mining Bureau. We
have spoken of tho Keystone mine at
Amador City; it has been generally
recognized as a contact vein, or series
of veins. This fissure is bounded on the
east by the so-called green-stone hang
ing wall— we have explained heretofore
what the real character of that wall is.
At the south end of this mining claim,
some two thousand feet south of the
main working shaft, there was a claim
known as the "Jones and Davis," now
known as the South Spring Hill or
Talisman; here the lode leaves the clay
slates which course north and south,
and follow the fracture at an angle of
seventy-two degrees east, the lode hold
ing its contact form for 280 feet east of
the clay slate line, when the entire
dyke became fractured, cracked and
seamed— the gold being found bunchy
and spangled, and instead of iron and
copper sulphurets being the controlling
factors in gold productions, arsenic be
came the base with quartz and fluor
spar in which the gold was found. The
fracture, however, cut clear through
the great dyke and connected the black
clay slate on the west, known as tho
gouge slates, with the east. How far
this fracture may effect the eastern vein
system along this belt, is a question
for consideration. So far as now known,
no direct communication has been
traced in the gold current, that is to
say, in any absolute or demonstrated
form. Black slate has been found, but
not the black clay slate colored with
the oxide of manganese filled with iron
and copper pyrites, such as exist on the
west side of the dyke. This condition
of things continues for quite a long dis
tance north and south. This current,
appears to re-enter the west fissure at
the old Eureka mine, about 800 feet
south of SutterCreok. Here again the
clay slates are found pyritlc with the
green-stone as the hanging wall, We
will here stop and consider the effect of
the great glacial moraine which divided
Sutler creek from Jackson creek. The
so-called contact appears to be disar
ranged, or rather, an absolute change—
the Oneida, Kennedy and Argonaut
mines having their foot-walls, as it is
claimed, of green-stone. This is in fact,
however, amygdaloid. Here the slates
arc pyritic in the same manner as here
tofore described, j As a matter of fact,
such breaks, divisions, concentrations
and separations occur along the line of
the lode system, not only in the county
of Amador, but in the adjoining counties
Calaveras and Tuolumne. Passing from
Jackson on the west belt, following
what is known as Murphy's Ridge,
there are a, number of seems, veins and
threads of quartz and slate which carry
gold, but none have been traced to any
great depth. The veins of the ridge
and top of the hill were found to bo ex
ceedingly rich, but nothing of value
has been found at any great depth.
The gold current, if I may use that
expression, appears to have left the
clay slate a little north of the town of
Jackson. and passed into the talcose
slates in the Zeila mine, from which
point it again crossed into the clay
slate, but it does not show prominent
concentrated wealth until the Gwin
mine is reached, one mile south of the
Mokelumne rivor. .In the veins of
quartz found on the west side of
Murphy's Ridge, the gold is in arsenical
sulphurets, what the minors call black
metal. This is a repetition of that
spoken of between Amador City and
Suttor Creek; arsenical or mispickle
gold bearers were often found in the
Mahoney mine at Sutter Creek. These
changes had not been noted with that
care with which they should have been.
They are, however, of interest to the
miner or would-be miner. Nature has
made a change, hence it is time for
them to be looking to their "P's and
Q's " so as not to attempt the impos
sible:
Unless nature has placed metal in the
vein, lode or ledge, men cannot get it
out. So far as known, this black metal
of which I speak ends at the Mokel
umne rivor, as I know of none boing
found beyond that point. It is difficult
to account for this occurrence, yet it is
a fact. Across the river there are found
a number of veins, but none of concen
trated value until the Gwin mine is
reached. Here . the black clay slate
(pyritic) associated with quartz, make
the pay shoot of this famous mine. The
deposit here is a little less than 1300 feet
long — its depth is unknown. From
here tho lode system splits into three
separate lines which do not appear to
form any deposit until reaching the
vicinity of San Andreas. Here, strange
to say, the groat talcose slates are found
to the west, while the gold belt with
the black clay slates, containing pyritic
matter, may be found on the eastern
division of the lode, such as that at the
Ford mine and the adjoining mines to
the north and south. Here is a problem
to be unraveled in which there is, be
yond doubt, great wealth. The slates
are rather broken, disturbed and seg
mental as the great fissure at this point
must necessarily be developed.
Developments are often suspended
and work abandoned because rich rock
is not encountered just when expected.
Lack of capital is often the cause, but
very frequently, ignorance. Lack of
study of surroundings, ignorance of tho
nature of the undertaking, the char:
acter of the undertaking and the char:
acter of the doposlt being operated
upon; this coupled with bull-headed
Stupidity, causes, Josa and frequently
disappointment.
This field in. and aljout San Andreas
has been' broken by (two cross-dykes,
whether'eruptive or not, I am not pre
pared tci say positively; one of them ap
pears to be an eruptive dyke— the other
rather looks as though the fracture
had been opened by end pressure when
the clay and spary matter flowed into
it subsequently. Lateral pressure and
crystalization changed the features of
the lode and of the dyke itself. The
character of the pyritic matter here
shown plainly that the action of car
bonic acid gas has been very great — so
much so, that the gehlenites are com
pletely changed and the galena and
blende is replaced by pitzites, iron, se
nuim and telhirides. The slates' are
more or less metamorphosed, that is to
say, earthy. . ;; ";.;'■
Much wealth has been taken from
the surface, . very largly distributed
from the vein 6ystem. The wealth of
this part of the district is to be found
at great depth, as there is evidence of
the magnitude of the great up-lift along
the western slope of the mountain chain
displacements. Cross fractures and
splits are to be looked for in such a
wide metaliferous zone. Here it must
be remembered that the vein system is
seven and three-eights miles in width,
the western side of the, gold slates ad
joining the copper slates! The eastern
side adjoining the diorites, cyanites,
granites, schists and dolomite.
■ The great need of California is a geo
logicalsurvey,—indeed, it is a disgrace
that the first and only one ever ap
pointed was abolished. The State Ge
ologist and his assistants wore expected
to do in four or five years, the labor of
a century. In a newly settled State
without roads, an impatient community
— for if such a term can be applied to
any community on earth, it is that of
tho mining community; — in the early
days, so long as the geological survey
existed, tho great tvalleys we call the
"cow counties," the legislature being
controlled by men from the mountains
representing the miners, and in their
ambition for their ."pile, "as it was
called, the valley's cause was ignored
almost in-toto, ■ and' the rights of any
and all-interest but their own. The
day has come, however, when the great
need of a geological survey for the
State of California is admitted, which,
if completed in a hundred years, will be
a wonder of industry and compilation.
Is a Good Thing.
Muddy complexions, nauseating breath come
from chronic constipation. Karl's Clover Koot
Tea is an absolute cure and has been sold for
fifty years on an absolute guarantee. Price 25c
and 50c. For sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. •
A now lino of wall papor, of the latest
patterns, can be had at the White
House at San Francisco prices. 2-16-tf
MISCELLANEOUS.
♦••♦•♦•»•»•♦<»»»♦♦»»»♦♦♦»
\I- . A ,
:; Drugs! Drugs I Drugs ! |j
' ' ...'" " < ■
I; FRESH AND PURE |;
!;CITY* PHARMACY |;
;; Also a Full Stock of ; j
; ; Goods Pertaining to my ! |
j ; Line of Business. 1 >
i : 1 KEEP THE BEST OF EVERYTHING J :
< > Main Street JACKSON ! ',
<• i i
11 ■ * i
♦•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦I '
I. L. GODFREY
BUILDER, JOINER AND WORKER IN WOODS'
Water Street, Jackson
IS PREPARED TO DO ALL KINDS OF
plain or ornamental work. Bookcases.
Wardrobes, Commodes, etc., turned out in the
most skillful manner. Window Screens and
Dlinds made in snort order. Orders from tbe
country attended to promptly.
FIRE ACCIDENT LIFE
L. J. FONTENROSE
General Insurance Agent
and Searcher of Records
Office : Marelia building, Court street. Jackson
A. H. KUHLfflflN
Contractor and Builder
Will do work in any part of
Amador County. If you want
to build, send a note to Jackson
Postoffice and I will call on you.
Estimates furnished without cost
' on any kind of building. Will
make plans and specifications for
you. tnar2tf
PLYMOUTH-JACKSON
DAILY STAGE LINE
i Leaves Plymouth 8:30 a.m.
Leaves Jackson 2:30 p. m.
JOHN STEINER, - Proprietor
Notice of Hearing of Petition
For Probate of Will.
In the Superior Court of the County of Amador,
State of California. In the matter of the
estate of Elizabeth J. McWayne. deceased.
"VfOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SAT-
_L> unlay, the 17th day of March, 1900, at 10
o'clock, a. m., of said day, and the Court-room of
said Court House in the town of Jackson, County
of Amador, State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and placeof proving the will
of said Elizabeth J. McWayne, deceased, and
for hearing the application of Edna M. Mc-
Wayne, for the issuance to her of letters testa-
mentary thereon.
Witness my hand and seal of said Court this
28th day of February, 1000. C. L. CULBERT,
By B. R. Breese, Deputy Clerk. Clerk.
Johm F. Davis, Attorney for Petitioner.
;t; I LIVE BUSINESS HOUSES. ] ■ ■:[
• New Stock Received
£J . Composed of all kinds of goods for Winter Wear
g Ready-Made Garments for Ladies
• Flannelettes ;| I
• Umbrellas — —^
• BOOTS AND SHOES of the very latest style and
© pattern. The best stock ever brought to Amador
• groceri'k "and provisions
• GLAVINOVICH & PARKER
2 "~ ; ■>-■ ■ CORNER COURT AND MAIN STREETS
9 . Sunset Telephone -^-r- ' *" +"
' MISCELLANEOUS.
IN CASH PREMIIJMS
ARE BEING OFFERED BY
Tla.e Ciaa.ci23Lra.siti E3ra.a-u.iier
Nearest Correct Guesses on the f Population of
tile United 1 St3tp^
To be reported by the U. S. Census Bureau for ; 1900
♦♦♦•••♦♦♦♦>»♦♦♦♦♦»»»»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦)<
< The first census of the United States was < . •
;:<' taken In 1810. Since then every succeeding - < > ' -
< ' ten years The result of each census has < >
< i Year- " Population Tear. Fopulat ' • " ! '< '
i ; iSo:::::.v}m.is' 1860 --- 31 ' 443 . 321 .: :
S;f>'; I M40'.'.'.'.".n!069,«S 1880 ...... 50,155,783 !!
;>; I 1850...... 23,191,876 1890 .....: 62,622,250_; |
■ .:. %y Here you have the figures of 'a basis of calculation. <' ■ ' • *
< lation. The problem now is: What will be the <' . -^aiSB»3E?S
' • population of the United States, excluding re- < '
J< | cent acquisitions, but the total of States, Tor- ''
>yJ| | To the First Hearest Correct I •• $3,00000 ' ' <\
JI To the next 10, each $100, \ j 0 00 00 !>
!', To the next 50, each $50, J 2^00.00 ' '
<' To the next 1.530, each $5, I 7,650.00 < '
< 1 Total number of premiums, <t ic (\ru\ 1 !
< > 2,197, amounting to >P J»UUU , ,
Headers of the "Ledger" can avail themselves of this offer by payment to
. us of a year's subscription to - - - - • . - .
THE "LEDGER" and THE- WEEKLY ENQUIRER
• COSTING ONLY $3.50. •
In case of tie gnessers, money to be- equally divided. The Enquirer's na-
tional reputation is a sufficient guarantee for faithful and exact perform
ance of all its obligations.
Make your payments direct to us in person or by mail.
Amador County Publishing Company,
Jackson, California.
Report of Census Bureau is usually, made in July.
Addition
Choice lots in this sightly Addition
for sale on terms to suit your own
sack. Buy at once and secure the
best. This is the coming Nob Hill
W. P. Peek, Owner, Jackson. •**
LAW AND ABSTRACT OFFICE
AMADOR COUNTY ABSTRACT COMPANY . v
The Only Set »f Abstract Books (Property System) in
Amador County
George I. Wright, Sole Owner —^
Orrics;— Spagnoli Building, Courthouse Square, JACKSON, CAL.
Prompt Attention and Accurate Information Given to Letters of In^niry.
ABSTRACTS OF WHIN* PROPERTIES A SPBCIAWYTHE PEERLESS SETS THE PACE,
TWO NEW COMPANIES RESULT
They Seize Golden Op
portunities.
A Rich Chute Struck In the
Starlight.
THE LIRGOLN MINE KEEPS UP ITS REPUTATION
A New Pump For the Bising Sun.-
The Santa Anna Will Be Re
" opened.— Sheep Ranch.
AMADOR COUNTY.
Argonaut— Jackson.
The Argonaut mine is working full
handed and producing regularly.
Oneida— Jackson.
: ' The un watering and the repairing of
the old Oneida shaft continues night
and day, and in the new shaft a station
is being cut at the 1750 level. The total
depth of the new shaft Ls about 2200
feet. Just as soon as the material for
the mill can- be placed on tbe ground
Its erection will begin.
Kirkwood O. M. Co.— Jackson.
The promoters of the Kirk wood mine
visited the property last Wednesday
and made an examination of the tunnel,
securing some specimens of rock of an
encouraging nature. One of the pro
moters informed the Ledger that a
well defined ledge of fully eight feet was
apparent. Preliminary work prepara
tory to sinking will begin immediately.
Amador King— Jackson.
The recently acquired property, un
der bond, on which is located the Ama
dor King mine is, we are creditably in
formed, to be thoroughly prospected,
but just when operation in force will
begin we are not advised.
Bellwether— Jackson.
No late instructions have been re
ceived by foreman Knapp of the Bell
wether mine, so far as the Ledger is
advised. Mr. Knapp, however, has
I everything in readiness '. for prompt
work when the order to resume sinking
is received.
Kennedy— Jackson.
The Kennedy mine is yielding its reg
ular quoto of the precious metal, and
has a full force at work as usual. The
new east shaft is going dowa at the
rate of about ninety feet a . month.
This is considered to be rapid progress.
Peerless— Jackson.
Nothing especially new has occurred
at the Peerless mine since our last issue.
Superintendent Ogborne continues to
find indications, -which he considers re
liable, of a large, body of ore lower
down. It has been suggested by one of
the directors of the company that Bur
leigh drills be substituted for hand
drilling, and the matter is under ad
visement.
Central Eureka— Batter Creek.
. Superintendent Thomas continues to
find the encouragement in the Central
Eureka that foretells the necessity, for
a mill, and that right speedily. It has
been suggested that another run of ore
be made at the Zeila mill, but we are
not advised as to the probable decision
of the management relative thereto.
Altaite-Amador.
The proposition of opening the Alta
ite mine is still in abeyance so far as we
are informed, but we understand that
the enterprise is quietly going forward
and will eventually result in a thorough
exploration of the property.
Zeila— Jackson.
Under the able management of Supt.
W. F. Detert, the venerable Zeila mine
is as regular as a clock. A full force of
men are at work in the mine and the
forty stamps .unceasingly continue to
grind exceedingly fine. Long live the
Zeila. :
Good Hope— Jackson.
The unused, machinery of the Good
Hope mine stands as a silent sentinel at
the mouth of the shaft, guarding, as
many believe, untold wealth below.
When the owners of this mine intend
to go down for that wealth is a ques
tion not generally known in this camp,
or, at least, not generally talked about.
We hope to see a move made pretty
soon.
Rocket Mining Co. (Formerly Pioneer )
It is reported that the old Pioneer
mine, four miles above Volcano, is to
be reopened by T. J. Brandon, Byron
Jennings and Colonel Dickenson, who
have incorporated a company and are
now disposing of stock (so we are in
formed) in San Francisco and San Jose.
Spagnoli Mine— Wieland.
: A drift of fifty feet has been run in
the Spagnoli mine since Supt. Fisher
returned from San Francisco, and a
three-foot ledge of very good ore has
been encountered.
Gold Saver.
Messrs. Cox & Heydenfeldt of San
Francisco are at Wieland testing a new
gold -saving machine, not yet patented,
with the view of taking it to Cape
Nome. The experiments already
made indicate that they have the Ipng
looked-for and devoutedly wished-for
apparatus. At least, so says a corres
pondent from Wieland.
Lincoln— Sutter Creek.
' The 500 foot south crosscut in the
Lincoln mine has been extended twenty
six feet, making the total distance from
the shaft 236 feet. Little stringers of
quartz were encountered in the face of
the crosscut carrying sulphurate. It
resembles the north crosscut at a point
close to the vein channel, and probably
within a few days the vein channel will
be encountered. This crosscut and the
1200 have l-ecently been surveyed pre
paratory to securing blue prints for the
inspection of those interested. The
crosscut west from the 1200 foot level
has been extended fort j -feet, making
the total distanco from the shaft ninety
four feet. The material in the face of
the crosscut is a soft, gray slate with
an easterly pitch, about the average
pitch of the Mother Lode through this
section. As long as the ground con
tinues as it is now good headway will
be made in this crosscut.
EL DORADO COUNTY.
Nugget: The Minnehaha mine has
fifteen men at -work and a four-stamp
mill running night and day, the rock
paying over $20 a ton. This mine was
only started up last fall. It is the de
sire of the lessees to build a twenty-five
stamp mill to crush the large body of
paying ore which it produces. The
success of this mine is due to the enter
prise of that veteran miner Col.. Frank
Staples who has stuck to this property
although told time and again it was
no good.
We are informed through a reliable
source that the Starlight mine has
struck a rich chute of ore. It is being
taken out and will be crushed in their
ten-stamp mill as soon as the ditches can
be repaired from winterbreaks and wood
secured to run the mill. When this is
done a force of. about thirty-five or
forty men will be put on. The board
ing-house is kept by Miss Phoebe Pal
latt who understands thoroughly the
art of catering to the appetites of the
hungry men. In our next we will
speak of the other mines we visited.
E. Bind, superintendent of the Blue
Gouge, came up from San Francisco last
night after a visit with his family. He
reports that Mr. Parker of Boston,
who is interested in the Bliige Gouge,
is expected out soon. The company
contemplates putting up a twenty
stamp mill in addition to the Hunting
ton now in operation.
Republican: Virgil Wise and Gus
W. Wulff think that they have a bo
nanza. It is a placer proposition.
Their mine is on Mr. Wise's place
north of the Coloma road in White
Oak Flat. They have taken out some
nuggets. • ' ,
The Union Mining Company are
building a ten-stamp mill to work rock
from a ledge owned by them in the
vicinity of the Union mine, but too far
from the mill already on that property
to be crushed to advantage In it.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
Independent: O'Hara and MacKen
zie have a promising combination pock
et and milling ledge in the Experimen
tal gulch district, near Columbia. It
is a strong, true fissure vein, averaging
in width from one to three feet, and
from which some fine rock has been
taken out during the short time active
work has been under way. The claim
is known as the Anaconda and is no
disgrace to its famous Montana name
sake.
The Vine Spring in the same locality
as the Densmore, and an extremely
promising property, is lying idle at
present, though indications point to
resumption of operations at an early
date. . At the time of hanging up,
several months ago, there was plenty
of fine rock in . sight in the various
workings, but the mill couldn't save
the gold in the heavily sulphuretted
ore, so a discontinuance was made com
pulsory until negotiations could be
completed for giving the rebellious
material special treatment. Taken as
an all-around proposition the Vine
Spriug is considered by experts — prac
tical and technical — as being one of the
best prospects in the county for a good
big mine. ' • .
At the Golden Era both north and
south drifts will be extended, each at
present having an approximate length
along the ledge of 150 feet. The mine
was- opened up by means of a crosscut
tunnel which tapped the quartz after
being driven 200 feet. It was consid
ered one of the banner producers of
the Columbia district in years gone by,
having yielded over $30,000 from a
comparatively small amount of ground.
The rock crushed yielded from $3 to
$100 per ton in free gold ore— or an
average for everything between walls
of $15 per ton — no sulphurets being
saved.' The vein varies from one to
five, feet wide. The mine Is owned by
Conlin & Pownall and is equipped with
a five-stamp mill. Water to drive the
latter and for other purposes is receiv
ed free and in abundance from Five
Mile creek. In mining circles the
Golden Era is rated as first-class prop
erty.
* From all accounts the Phoenix mine,
owned by F. W. Reynolds and located on
the Bolar ranch, some six miles from
Sonora, is destined at an early day to
take rank as among the best along
either of the great lodes. We have
seen some of the rock taken from the
main shaft at a depth of sixty feet and
it is certainly good ore. Average sam
ples submitted to Selby's and other
reputable concerns gave returns from
free gold and sulphurets per ton of
$26 to $30. The vein is at present
eight feet wide, all hard quartz and in
a superior formation. The free gold is
outclassed by that contained in the re
bellious matter, the latter being good
for three per cent, of concentrates
worth about $520 per ton. It is said
that a ten-stamp mill is soon to be
placed on the property.
The friction wheels of the hoist hav
ing broken at the Rising Sun - mine,
sinking the shaft has been suspended
untill new wheels can be put In place.
In the mean time miners are extracting
ore from the upper levels. A new
plunger pump has been ordered for
this mine, the present depth being too
far to pump water with a jack head.
The Rising Sun will start up in a few
days.
There are about seventy miners em
ployed at Arastraville and the pros
pects in the mines there look favorable.
The mine on Saratoga Hill, worked
by Messrs. Lovely brothers and part
ners, added a $4000 output to its credit
this week.
Magnet: General Superintendent
B. M. Newcomb, who arrived here last
Wednesday, received telegraphic In
structions from General Manager W.
B. Buck minster of Boston, to suspend
work at the Santa Ysabel mine tempo
rarily. Following out these instruc
tions, all workmen wore laid off Thwrs
TH* 1 AMADOU LEDGER: JACKSON, CALIFORIOA, FRIUAY. MARCH 9, 1900.
day exceptinff a few who have been re
tained to keep tho mine from being
flooded by. water, ami as night watch
men. The reason for this snspcii -ion
of work is not known. Nearly a ytar
ago Genera) Manager Buckminster
visited the property and arranged for
extensive development work. In order
to complete this work it \ was necessary
to purchase a larger hoist and power
drills were recommended. Instruc
tions were given for the purchase of a
hoist, air-comprsssor with necessary
machinery, and .an addition of twenty
stamps to the mill. By reason of de
lay in receiving electrical machinery,
several months beyond the time speci
fied in the contracts, the plant has not
yet been completed. In the meantime
work has been continued with the old
machinery until the main "or No. 1
shaft has reached a depth of 800 feet
and levels run, opening out the ore
shoot, to a depth of 600 feet. No. 7
and No. 8 levels have yet to be opened.
Superintendent E. A. Hardy left this
week for Boston to consult with the
general future work.
The Mack Consolidated Gold Mining
Company are getting excellent results
from their mines at Big Oak Flat.
The property consists of the Mack and
Wooten mines, on the same vein'as the
now . celebrated Longfellow. The
vein rnns east and west and dips north
and is quite flat, lying at an angle of
about thirty-five degrees. On the
Mack property it is developed by an in
cline shaft 430 feet deep. The vein has
been well opened by having levels run
every 100 feet and shows up a large ex
tent of ore that will pay to mill.
Scattered through the nvlling ore are
rich bunches of high grade often
showing "more gold than rock." It
is an open secret that an important
development has been made of good
grade milling rock at the 400 level.
The company have a 75-horse power
boiler and latest Improved hoist on the
way to the mine and it is their inten
tion 'to remodel the present incline
shaft and sink to a depth of 1200 feet
or more, when a large mill will be
erected near the mine, as it has been
demonstrated by tests that the entire
vein will pay to mill. Tho mine is
under the able superintendency of
Charles L. Lang and it is the general
opinion that it has a bright future.
At the Harvard miue underground
development work is progressing rap
idly on both No. 5 and No. 7 levels
through No. . 2 shaft. The work of
sinking No. 1 shaft below No. 2 level
has been commenced and also raising
from No. 5 level to connect with the
same, as it is the intention to hoist a
large portion of the milling ore
through this shaft direct to the mill
plant. The 60-stamp mill is nearing
completion and Superintendent Munger
hopes to begin dropping stamps by
April Ist.
At the Dreisam mine the new electric
plant which furnishes lights for tho
surface works was started up last
week and gives satisfaction. In the
mine the west- crosscut* on No. 2 level
has reached the Ophir vein. The fis
sure is six feet wide and contains two
feet of high grade quartz. At this
point drifting north and south on the
vein has begun. Tho Dreisam mill is
running steadily on ore from stopes on
the Yellow Jacket vein. »
CALAVERAS COUNTY.
Prospect: Work at the electric
plant and at the Utica possessions
above town is being awaited with pa
tience. So little is doing that every
body is watting for something to turn
up, or for the coming of an awakening
boom. Anything to let loose the busy
bee of industry. Mitchlar's Last
Chance, west of town, is coming to the
front with a most remarkable incident.
Recently a large cave took place in the
old shaft whereby a large vein of good
quartz was brought to viow -fully ten
feet in width. Formerly ore milled
from this mine went ten or twelve dol
lars per ton, but the vein was only a
few inches wide. Now tons can be se
cured. If it only averages one-half its
former richness the mine will be a big
bonanza, to be sure.
The Big Horn, at San Domingo, is
prosecuting work quietly and prompt
ly. Some little prospecting is being
done at present in the hills east. of
Murphys. Though no good discover
ies have been made it is conceded to be
a likely section. This ridge in the past
has been somewhat neglected by the
mine-hunters. All the ridges north
and south of this one have one or more
good claims on them. W. J. Hackett
brought down from Flanders' ranch
last Sunday a sample of peculiar look-
Ing ore which, it is said, will go about
$3 to the ton.
W. B. Lake ia still pushing work on
a small scale at the Eho placers. A
company has recently been formed and
it is their intention to do much'devel
opment work in the near future.
There is no doubt but the old river
channel runs through old Mable Moun
tain. From recent work it looks as
though Mr. Lake is on the right track
and chasing the proper gold deposits.
The Santa Anna mine, which has
been idle since last October, is soon to
be started up with a full force of men.
The main shaft on this property has
already reached a depth of 700 feet, so
that a large force of men can now be
employed to advantage. The bad
weather of the early part of
the winter main has been one of the
causes of delay. With fine weather
assured for the future, the prospect of
development is good.
The St. Lawrence mine started
Thursday of this week to pump out the
water and as soon as this work Is done
the programme is to drift both ways
from the shaft on the lead. .
W. D. Riley of Murphys was In town
this week, and reports that he has
recently bonded his mine on the Stan
islaus river to some San Francisco
parties. This mine is bound to be one
of the gold producers in the near fu
ture. There is an eight-foot ledge,
yielding $8.15 to the ton in free gold.
There is a sixty-foot tunnel on the
mine and a shaft of twenty feet in
depth. It is expected that the water
will be all out of the Union Copper, at
Copperopolis by the 17th inst. They
have now reduced it to within forty
feet of the bottom.
Reports from the Sheep Ranch mine
are very encouraging and those who
have seen the rock that is now coming
from the lower levels pronounce it very
rich free milling. A fine twenty-stamp
mill is now crushing the quartz and
there la every presumption that the
mine will again take its place as one of
the best paying propositions In the
county. Some heavy machinery is
now being made at the Jackson foundry
and preparations are being made to
take power from the Utica electric
plant above Murphys.
Chronicle: Encouraging reports
come from the Lucas mine, now known
as the Calaveras Gold mine. The mine
is located near the Mokelumne river,
about a mile from this place, and now
being operated by C. F. Percy, C. D.
Coran and Sydney Smith. About
$20,000 has lately been expended in
improvements, a new compressed air
plant has been installed and the mill
has been newly equipped and started to
work on ore from the lower tunnel,
which has been driven in 400 feet, mak
ing in all 700 feet. With its free
and plentiful supply of water the new
owners of the Lucas property are now
mining and milling for the remarkably
small cost of $1 a ton.
Furniture for Bale.
The undersigned will sell all of her
household furniture at private sale.
Itesidence on Broadway, Jackson, Cal.
2-23-M Mrs. E. B. Robertson,
THE BIG FIVE DO BUSINESS
The Current Expenses of the
County Approved.
ROAD TO BE BUILT AND DEEDED TO THE COUNTY
Two Betail Liquor Licenses Granted.
—Warrants Amounting to
$7188.16 Cancelled.
Regular meeting Board of Supervis
ors held this sth day of March, 1900,
and following proceedings are had:
Roll call. Present— A. B. McLaugh
lin, chairman; P. Dwyer, J. T. Clifton,
M. Brinn, Fred B. LeMoin.
Minutes of last regular and special
meetings are read and approved.
Following claims are examined, ap
proved and ordered paid as follows:
CURRENT EXPENSE FUND.
Geo. F. Mack, deputy Assessor, Feb. . . .f 100 00
D. F. Gray, constable fees 16 TO
Warren E. Doan. reporting ca5e.......... 18 00
C. L. Culbert, Indexes Probate Court Rec
ords — S© years . .- .■ 300 00
Capital T. &T. Co., telephone service.... SSO
C. Richtmyer, water ...:. 600
Western Union Tel Co , rebate personal
property taxes, 1899 3 00
0. B. Arratta, erroneous assessment, 1899 20 00
J. T. Clifton, mileage, 2 meetings . .-. : 580
Glavinovich & Parker, supplies. 4 SS
Geo. A. Gordon, expenses Supt. Schools. . 8 75
B. E. Letang, gas, court house 12 95
Wm. Going, janitor 60 00
C. P. Vicini, expenses District Attorney. 750
Dr. E. V. Lonigo, examining Insane 5 00
E. G. Freeman, stationery....... 22 10
Courtright & Co., erroneous assessments,
1899 "..■ 45 80
Fred B. LeMoin, mileage, 2 meetings 4 00
A B. McLaughlin, " " " . 600
Alfred Goldner, benzine, etc 1 75
•F. W. Parker, night watchman 10 00
Morris Brinn, mileage, 2 meetings 1 80
AmadorCo. Pub. Co., printing. 48 50
H. Goldner, justice fees 21 00
S. G. Spagnoli, postage and revenue
stamps i 8 60
Amador E. Ry. &L. Co., electric lights. . 480
U. S. Gregory, board for prisoners j 85 50
P. Kelly, constable fees 16 60
John H. Tregloan, witness fees 2 10
L. Oettinger, witness fees 190
S. H. Hawkins; meals for Giles jury '. . 94 25
J. H. Giles, justice fees ■ ■ 6 00
1. L. Godfrey, boiik case and repairs 52 84
John G. Mat his, erroneous Clerk's fees.. 25 00
W. S. Cooledge, witness fees in Giles case 190
Sunset Tel & Tel. Co., telephone.... „... 3 80
W. E.Finn, witness fees....: 1 00
Fred Werner, witness fees 1 90
W. T. Turner, witness fees 190
W. A, Woodworth, witness fees 1 90
Myrtle Richards, witness fees : 1 90
Mrs. C. W. Saddler, witness fees 1 90
C. Gilardi, witness fees 3 40
Emma Perkins, witness fees 1 90
Dr. A. M. Gall, examining Insane 5 00
Dr. E. E. Endicott, health ntllccr 50 00
Amador Dispatch, job work 113 75
D. A. Patterson, abstract mortgages 183 00
J. E. Bawden, witness fees ' 1 90
C. E. Froelich, witness fees 1 90
F. N. Soracco, witness fees 1 90
Fred Raab, witness fees 1 90
T. J. Mello, burial Indigent \ .......... 30 00
Sunset Tel & Tel. Co., telephone servico 600
John A. Brown, block maps, twps ....... 238 00
H. S. Crocker & Co., supplies for maps.. . . 92 85
John A Brown, abstracts for maps 93 00
„_ . V^ HOSPITAL FUND.
Amador E. Ry. & L. Co., electric lights. . 1 50
C. Richtmyer, water, 2 months 14 00
Wm. Schroder, digging graves 21 00
A. B. Caminetti, fish ....... 300
J. Oneto, vegetables ...'. 7 05
R. F. Allen, superintendent 75 00
Thomas & Eudey, meats 84 08
R. Torres, conveying patient 4 00
B. E. Letang. gas ......:....... ;.... 525
Dr. E. E. Endicott, county physician 60 00
Thomas & Eudey, Slivehogs 18 30
Sunset Tel. & Tel. Co., telephone 2 50
Mrs. J. Turner, washing 6 00
Maggie Fleming, cook ... 25 00
Mrs. R. F. Allen, matron ..'...; 30 00
J. E Kelley, conveying patients 7. ... .5 00
Glavinovich & Parker, provisions 113 76
Glavinovich & Parker, clothing 24 80
SALARY FUND.
J. T. Clifton, road commissioner, 2 m'ths 50 00
P. Dwyer, road commissioner, February. 25 00
Fred B. LeMoin, road commissioner " ' 25 00
M. Brinn, road commissioner, 2 months.. 50 00
A. B. McLaughlin, road commissioner. , 25 00
ROAD FUNDS.
Fred B. LeMoin, labor RD5..... 33485
J.T.Clifton, labor ßD2 317 98
A. B. McLaughlin, labor R D 3 58 00
P. Dwyer, labor R01... ..'«... .-334 90
■ ' . BRIDGE FUND.
E. S. Potter, lumber ...' 18 18
Chichlzola Estate Co., lumber 137 82
J. T. Clifton, lumber  91 46
SPECIAL ROAD FUNDS.
P. Dwyer, moving rock breaker 15 00
J. T. Cl fton, labor Jackson and lone road 201 50
Morris Brinn, " " " '• " 133 65
Matter of the application of Geo. S.
Joses to change the course of the old
Sacramento road so as to have it on
the boundary line of his property in
Road District 5.
Application, is granted upon the
building of a new road and the deeding
of the same to the county.
Matter of the petition of W. R.
Nichols et al to close and abandon a
certain road in Road District 5.
Moved, seconded and carried that
petition be granted as prayed for.
Application of Trustees of Jackson
Lodge, I. O. O. F., for permission to
construct a sewer across Main street,
of the town of Jackson.
Application is granted provided the
construction of the same does not in
terfere with the traveling public, or
any sidewalks, pipes or sewers already
laid or constructed.
Matter of the petition of A. Chichl
zola for a new public road near Jack
son Gate. Bond with sureties is ap
proved by the Board.
Following viewers are appointed to
view and lay out said proposed road.
Wm. Moon, Wm. Rice and W. E.
Downs, county surveyor.
Application of Paul Romozenovich
and Joseph H. Thomas for a retail
liquor license in New Chicago. Appli
cation granted.
Application of Tony J. Mello for a
retail liquor licenso on Mokelumne
river. Application granted.
WARRANTS CANCELLED.
School Fund 3153 71
Current Expense Fund , 1629 38
Hospital Fund 454 43
Salary Fund 1950 64
Total ....17188 16
Tell Your Sister
A beautiful complexion is an impossibility
without good pure blood, the sort that only ex
ists in connection with good digestion, n healthy
liver and bowels. Karl's Clover Root Tea acts
directly on the bowels, liver and kidneys, keep
ing them in perfect health. Price 25c and 50c.
For sale by A. Goldncr, Druggist, *
Epworth Leaguers Meet.
" At the regular business meeting of
the Ep worth League, held . last Tues
day evening, in thu M. E. Church, the
young people were addressed by Dr.
Gibbons on the subject of "Mental,
Moral and Physical Culture."
"• Rev. Morrow then, -on behalf of the
League, presented Miss Crystal and
Master Montie Snow with gold Ep
worth League badges. They will be
constant reminders of Jackson when
those young friends are far from us in
the frozen regions of the north.
Mr. and Mrs. Morrow treated the
members of the League to ice-cream
and Epworth League cake, after which
the young people dispersed to their
homes at 9;30 p. m. All felt that they
had spent a pleasant and profitable
evening. ■ .
Criminal Returns.
' H. GOLDNER. JtJSTICE. TOWNSHIP NO. 1.
• People''vs. F. Rusbenbach— Charged with
vagrancy; healthy beggar; guilty and sent to
jail for O've days ; costs, $7.15. -
People vs.,T. Kelly— Living on sidewalks;
guilty and sent to jail for five days; costs, s7.ls.
People vs. Mrs. M. G. . Barker— Battery ;
guilty; fined $5; costs $5. '
People vs. John P. Driscoll— Healthy beggar;
guilty and sent to jail for eight days; costs,
$7.15. ■.0,;:. 0 ,; : ._ . ■
People vs. Joe Owens— Healthy beggar:
guilty and- sent to jail for nine days; costs,
$7.15. '■
People^, vs. , Joseph . Ross— Embezzlement,
guilty and sent to jail tor fifty days; costs,
111.
People vs. W. Endicott— Misdemeanor; guilty
and sent to jail for thirty days costs, $11.70
People vs. J. Gibbons — Disturbing the pease.
guilty and judgement suspended; costs, $7.15
. J. H. GILES, JUSTICE, TOWNSHIP NO. 4.
People vs. Ed Guider— Disturbing the peace;
guilty and sent to jail ten days; costs, $11.30.
People vs. Dan Labich— Battery; dismissed;
costs paid amounting to $11.30.
People vs. E. W. Reaves— Petit larceny;
guilty and sent to jail for ten days; costs, sll.4o.
School of Dressmaking.
The undersigned will return to Jack
son in time to open the second term of
her School of Dressmaking March Ist.
Pupils for this term will not be re
ceived after March 15. '
2-9-tf Mrs. R. E. McConnell.
Funeral of J. A. Butterfleld.
Under the auspices of the Chosen
Friends and Odd' Fellows ' of Jackson,
Rev. F. A. Morrow officiating clergy
man, the funeral of the late J. A. But
terfield j took place from his late resi
dence on Broadway, at 2 o'clock on
Friday afternoon of last week. The
afternoon was pleasant and the funeral
was largely attended. The following
gentlemen officiated as pall bearers:
Nathan T. Littlefield, W. C. Crocker,
J. S. A vise, A. Yoak, T. C. Stowers,
O. Tarn. .
Interment in the Protestant Ceme
tery. '•■■•■ .■■ ■ ■
Property Sold.
The Turner property in Sutter Creek has been
sold to G. B. Vicini for $3825. Subject to con
firmation of the Superior Court ; the hearing on
the sale will come up in Court on Monday,
March 12th, at 10 a. m., aud unless Mr. Vicini's
bid is raised the property will probably go
to him.
This Is one of the greatest bargains we know
of. The rental of the property is t7O per month
or nearly 19 per cent per year interest on the
amonnt bid Turner, just before his death, re
fused f4OOO for the property.
He Pleases the People..
McMillan makes a fine display at his
door of medallions in water colors,
Foto' jewelry and stamp novelties — all
the very latest. He also exhibits some
of the finest carbon prints of local sub
jects we have yet seen. Patrons of
his gallery can always be assured of
the very latest styles in all branches of
the Foto Art. Mr. McMillan says he
will visit his lone Gallery March 9, for
three or four days, if it is not raining
at that time. He would advise mothers
to bring their children for Fotos In the
morning, from 10 a. m. to 2p. m.
being the best hours for them. 2-23-tf
Played Out.
Dull Headache, Pains in various parts of the
body. Sinking at the pit of the stomach, Loss of
appetite, Feverishness, Pimples or Sores are all
positive evidences of impure blood. No matter
how it became so it mnst be purified in order to
obtain good health. Ackker's Blood Elixir has
never, failed to cure Scrofulous or Syphilitic
poisons or any other blood diseases. It is
certainly a wonderful remedy and we sell every
bottle on a positive guarantee. Sold by A,
Goldner.
— The Anthony Dinner.
Miss May Anthony gave, a dinner
last Monday which proved to be all
that the entertained or entertainer
could have reasonably expected. It was
a delightful affair. Vocal and Instru
mental music were pleasant features.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. J.
W. Caldwell, Mr. and Mrs. Allison,
Misses Daisy Littlefield, Emma Boar
man, Wanda Reichling. Madge Rust
and Messrs. Frank Taylor, R. C. Bole
and L. Borger. ' -
In Again.
Frank Weller, the wild young fellow
who escaped from the Preston Reform
School at lone two years ago and land
ed in San Quentln, thus jumping from
the frying pan into the fire, has re
versed the situation and is again in the
frying ! pan, having been arrested
-at the gates of the State Prison, when
released;'' by the superintendent of the
Reform School. The way of the trans
grossoris hard.
Hnberty'i Coat-
February 27, a coat belonging to
George Huberty, was stolen from a
delivery wagon. ■ Constable Kelly was
notified and on March 2 nabbed a man
who gave his name as F. Green, the
coat being found in his possession.
The arrest was made in C. M. Meek's
barn, just south of the Zeila mill.
Bibs Broken.
A slight cave-in occurred at the 2100
level of the Kennedy mine on Friday
afternoon of last week. John Moore
was crosscutting at the time and re
ceived a blow on the right side which
broke two of his ribs. Dr. Gall is in
charge of the case.
Picnic and Ball.
Forrest Parlor, No. 86, N. D. G. W.,
will give a grand Basket Picnic and
Ball during the month of May at Ply
mouth. The date and full partriculars
will follow later.
Geo. Barbe, Mendota, Va., says, "Nothing
did me so much good as Kodol Dyspepsia Cure.
One dose relieved me, a few bottles oured me."
It digests what you eat and always cures dys
pepsla. City Pharmacy. *
Taken Up.
One black cow with white spot on face;
branded "N. P." or "N R;" can't tell which;
no ear marks. The owner can have same by
proving ownership and paying expenses, in
cluding cost of this notice. Luttrell's Station,
Pine Grove. jn.jm
LOCAL ITEMS.
Interesting Happening* Noted Since Our
Last Issue.
Choice ice cream at Mayer's every Sun
day. , 3-2-3t
Pioneer Flour Is the same yesterday , today
and tomorrow. • •
D. A. Pattersoc is still confined to his house
with rheumatism.
Early Rose seed potatoes for sale at Jack
son Cash Grocers. 3-2-lmo.
Give us daily, some GOOD BREAD— Pioneer
Hour makes the best. ' *
The recent rain is the heaviest we have had
here for many months.
Jay Fox, the Placerville druggist, was a re
cent visitor to Jackson.
Gilbert still sells "No Name Thread," 3 spools
for 10 cents. Considered the best. 3-9-St
Eight marriage licenses were issued from the
County Clerk's office during February.
Editors Barnes of lone, and Calkins of Sutter,
were at the county seat last Monday.
F. M. Whitmore has added a porch to his
building just south of the Broadway bridge.
• Attend Mrs. Kay's musicale at Webb Hall,
to-morrow night, and enjoy a real musical treat.
During the late storm, snow fell to a depth of
about a foot 25 miles east of us. Soaking rain
here.
Mr. Alfonso Ginocchio expects to go to San
Francisco on business next week, or the week
after next;
Fred Ludekin has closed his tonsorial roooms
and accepted a position in V. A. Marlni's estab
lishment.
J. N. Waters of San Francisco, representing
the National Fire Insurance Co., was in town
Wednesday.. . .•;....■
. Mrs. Kay's Musicale will take place in Webb
Hall to-morrow evening. The programme is an
excellent one.
* .... . - ■ .■ ■ . ■ . . '
-Owing to the illness of Rev. F. A. Morrow,
last Sunday, Mrs. F. A. Morrow occupied the
pulpit morning and evening.
Dr. Gall purchased a line riding horse— a sin
gle-stepper—for Mrs. Gall this week. Kerrof
Amador City sold the animal.
J. W. Gaskill of San Francisco, brother of
Varney W. Gaskill, arrived last evening and
registered at the New National.
The directors of the Kirkwood Gold Mining
Co. are: S. G Spagnoli, Dr. A. M. Gall, Geo.
Kirkwood, James E. Dye, D. Boro.
Mrs. J D. Mason, who bus been visiting her
daughter, Mrs. Sanborn, in Sacramento for two
weeks, returned home last evening. ,
Joseph D. Fennessy, the stenographer, en
route to Sutter Creek from San Andreas, pulled
our latchstring Tuesday. Call again.
Dr. G. F. Pache, of Angels, Grand Trustee of
the Foresters of America, made an official visit
to Court Jackson, No. 148, last evening.
Mr. Morken, the jolly representative of the
Stockton Woolen Mills, has been . serving his
numerous customers hereabouts this week.
Henry Eudey, president of the Bank of Ama
dor County, spent the greater part of last week
and a few days of this week in San Francisco.
Advertisers should constantly keep in mind
the important fact that the Ledger has a
.large circulation and that its advertising rate
is low.
Max Ladar, the Jackson Tailor, went to San
Francisco a week or so ago. He is no doubt
laying in a supply of summer goods for his
trade here.
Mrs, Cora Sifford of Ventura, Grand President
of the N. D. G. W., visited Ursula Parlor, No. I.
last evening. The work was exemplified for her
inspection. , .
An accident occurred at the Gwin mine, one
day this week, but we are informed by those at
the mine that it was not serious, although one
man had a leg broken.
Acker's English Remedy will stop a cough
at any time, and wHI cure the worst cold in
twelve hours, or money refunded; 25 cents and
50 cents. ! Sold by A. Goldner.
Traveling men aver that Jackson has two of
the very best hotels to be found along the
southern mines The Globe and New National
are both run in first-class shape.
The Ledger is requested to announce that
the Ladies' Aid Society of the M E. church has
a supply of dolls and gingham aprons for sale
at Mrs. Geo. W. Brown's residence.
Peek's Addition now open for the sale of lots.
These resident lots are the cream of the town.
They are in town virtually, and yet up out of
the dust and dirt. They are cheap. 3-2tf
During the month of February seven patients
were admitted to the County Hospital, live dis
charged and three died, leaving fifty-three pa
tients present on the first of March. .
There is. neither philosophy nor logio in the
religion of Christ, is the evening subject at the
M. E. church, March 11th. You cannot be a doll
baby in this world; morning subject. -
Garbarini Bros, received their band saw
Wednesday and it is now in working order.
They are adding the very latest improvements'
to their already well equipped establishment.
Dyspepsia can be cured by using Acker's Dys
pepsia Tablets. One little Tablet will give im
mediate relief or money refunded. Sold in hand
some tin boxes at 25 cents. Sold by A. Goldner.
Excelsior Parlor, N. S. G. W., did a land
office business last Wednesday night. Seven
teen new members were initiated and the affair
proved to be a •' red letter" period in its his
tory.
Assessor Jack Marchant was in town Mon
day. He bad everything In readiness for
business and took the field the following day.
He intends assessing this township sometime
in May. . • — .
Experience is the best Teacher. Use Acker's
English Remedy in any case of coughs, colds or
croup. Should it fail to give immediate relief
money refunded. 25 cents and 50 cents.' Sold by
A. Goldner.
J. A. Greenwood, a well known mining man,
recently visited Jackson after an absence of
three years. He noted numerous improvements.
Mr. G. ranks among our oldest subscribers, he
having taken the Ledger for twenty years.
Mrs. R. McKeen of Sacramento, sister of the
late J. A. Butterfleld, who was summoned to
attend the funeral of her brother, departed for
home Wednesday morning On Tuesday night
she was the guest of Mrs. Mary Evans at the
New National. -.. . /
John Dirr, Poseyville, Ind., says, "I never
used anything as good as One Minute Cough
Cure. We are never without it." Quickly
breaks up coughs and colds. Cures all throat
and lung troubles. . Its use will prevent con
sumption. Pleasant to take. City Pharmicy.
Claud M. Smith, principal . of the Oneida
school, received a box of fragrant flowers from
home, Monday, a present from his sisters. He
very generously divided with his friends, the
editor of the Ledger coming in for his share.
Many thanks.
We extend a special invitation to all Ledger
subscribers who are not square on our books to
get square without unnecessary delay. Ob
serve the date on your paper and govern your
selves accordingly. There are several thous
and dollars due on subscription which we need
in our business. Get a move on and pungle up
the coin. After the little debt is paid you will
feel better and so will the owners of the Led
ger. Don't read this item and dismiss the
matter a& being too small an account to attend
to promptly, for that will oblige us to recall it
to your mind by means of a collector.
Short-Hand.
J. D. Fennessy has located for the
present in Sutter Creek and will teach
short-hand. Ho is a stenographer of
ability and large experience and comes
highly recommended. Those desiring
his services should address him at once,
before his class Is too far advanced In
the work. Mr. Fennessy intends to
visit Jackson later.
Chain Bracelet Lost.
On the main street in Jackson, be
tween the hours of three and five
yesterday, a chain bracelet was lost.
Finder leave same at Ledger office
and get reward. *
Remember That
You can always get good, fresh fish the whole
year round at A. H. Camtnetti'a Central Mar
ket Main airflflt, Jastojo, M-t8
READ THESE AND BE WISE
Newsy Items Are Sent -In
This Week.
EAPIRE WORKS WILL HAVE A BULPHURETS PLANT
Debris Inspector Visits Aukum and
Indian Diggings.— Miranda
Leon Passes Away.
PLYMOUTH JOTTINGS.
Grand President Sifford Visits Forrest Far-
lor, K. D. G. W.
Plymouth, March 7, 1900.
Miss Mary Votaw of Shenandoah
Valley! is the guest of Mrs. Annie Do
man.
The sulphurets plant of the Empire
roller mills is nearing , completion and
will be in operation next week.
Mrs. Piper of Forest Home, is mak
a visit to her sister, Mrs. C. Swift, of
this place.
Last Saturday night, March 3d,
the dance given * by - the , Grainger
Orchestra was not well .attended on
account of the weather being so dis
agreeable.
- Mr. Thorton went to San Francisco
Monday. : . ._ .
W. Worthington, president of the
Bay State mine, also Mr. Gordon, one
of the owners of the Starlight, arrived
in Plymouth last night on the Carbon
dale stage.
Mrs. Cora Glfford, Srand President
of the N. D. G. W., visited. Forrest
Parlor No. 86, Nonday night and left
today to visit other parlors.
George W. Easton, ihe well-known
landlord of the Forrest House, has had
the office of the hotel newly painted
and is now, ready to accommodate the
traveling public. . * .
Omego and Oswego.
AUKUM NEWS.
Our Aukum Correspondent It Quite a Hum
orist.
. Aukum, March 6, 1900.
A. J. Craln and the Debris Inspector
went up to Indian Diggings a few days
ago. The Inspector was on his tour of
dam inspection. .
Miranda Leon, who has recently
had the measles, died Sunday. The
cause of death was not the measles di
rectly, it being quick consumption.
Blanche Gofflnett is slightly on the
improve of her long spell of sickness;
her_ sister, Flora, is reported to be ill
with typhoid fever," also.
Pigeon Creek school started Mon
day, Miss Vogeli teaching.
The San Francisco Call told last
week of a woman marrying a whole
Jury. In order to show she is not of
the Brigham'H. Roberts stock it is
welt enough to state It was J. G. Jury
that she married. ' . . '
Our friend, Wrigglesworth;
who has been working for her brother
Joe for the past two months, has re
turned to her home once more.
Mrs. C. C. Forbeß and three daugh
ters, Mrs. Charles Cushman, Mrs. H.
Davis and Mrs. William McSwain,
visited Mr. Bell's family Monday last.
Myrtle McClary was. the guest of
Hattie Seely last week. Nome.
FROM WIELAND.
One of the Wealthiest Gardners of the
County Is Dead.
Wieland, March 8, 1900.
About three Inches of snow fell here
March Ist and our people indulged in
snow-balling and tobogganing to their
hearts' content.
The Salvation Army is increasing
quite rapidly, several persons having
been converted recently under, the
efficient labors of the new Captain.
Owing to the storm last Sunday
morning, the attendance at church
was small.
The social held March let, was a suc
cess in every particular.
We regret to learn that the health of
Prof. Blacklodgo is not very good, but
we trust it will soon improve.
Messrs. Cox and Heydenfeldt of San
Francisco are visitors at Wieland.
They came here for the express pur
pose of seeing friends and hunting
"dears." But they have not as yet
secured the game. They are waiting
applications.
Tony Gagie of Jackson, is here en
joying himself . He climbed Mt, Zion
recently, after which he gave a very
vivid account of his trip.
Simone Moltino, one of our wealthy
citizens, died about midnight last
Wednesday. He had one of his legs
injured about two weeks ago, and died
from the injury, blood poisoning set
ting in. He will be buried in Jackson,
Saturday, March 10th, at 2 p. m.
Now and Then.
Uncalled-forl Letters.
Letters remaining unclaimed In the
Jackson, Cal., Postolfiqe, for the week
ending March 9, 1900:
Mortimer, James Whale. Mrs.
Fornean, Louis Rogers, John J.
Gjurkovie, Jakob Ranieii, Vavoli
Marigliano, George Edwards, John H.
McAfer. J. P. Matteg, Madalena D.
G. C. Folger, Postmaster.
For Plymouth Taxpayers.
Notice is hereby given that the un
dersigned will begin the assessment of
property in Plymouth and vicinity on
Monday, March 12, 1900. .
Jack Marchant,
3-9-tf County Assessor.
Take Advantage of This.
With small capital anyone wishing a
good investment, which will bring good
Interest, call on Mrs. E. B. Robertson,
Jackson, Cal. . 3-9-2t
W. S. Philpot, Albany, Ga., says, "DeWitt's
Little Early Risers did me more good than any
pills I ever took." The famous little pills for
constipation, biliousness and liver and bowel
troubles. City Pharmacy. •
For Kent-
Furnished room. Apply to Mrs. H.
Weil. 2-16-tf
Fifty pieces of light figured calico,
spring styles, new patterns, at 5 cents
per yard, At the White House., 2-16-tf
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
DEEDS.
M Haferty to Mary B Russell— Part of lot 10,
block 1, Amador City i |i5.
VV M McMlllln to Mrs Fanny Thomas— Lot In
Plymouth ; WOO
J Jelletich et ux to W Tarn— Lot 27 and part
of lots 28 and 28, in block 8, Jackson; 110
K S Gabbs et ax to Charlotte Morgan— Lot 3,
block 21, Simer Creek; 110
G Burgar to A Weil— Lot 5. block 4, Amador
City ; $200
Mrs Ida Fassero to J E Pendola — Land near
Jackson Gate; MOD
Mary B Russell to Mary J Eplrng— Part of
lot 10. block 1, Amador City; tlOO
Mary Allen et al to Edw Morris et al— N4 of
SE'< of SWX af section 28, township 7 north,
range 9 east ; 110
Christina Rickert et al to W F Detert— Toll
Gate lot, Jackson; 110
Jno Cello to B Jeltnini— E 1 ; of NWx of sec
tion 7, township 7 north, range 11 east
J H Macdonoogh to Anna Schley— Lands In
sections 7 and 12, township 7; $5
Geo Brown to Thos Hevdenfeldt— Land in
section 8, township 7 north, range 10 east ; (150
T Heydenfeldt to W F Detert— Same; IS
J Surface, administrator of estateof G Botch
egraln, deceased, to F W Collings— EV* of NE5<
of section 35, township 7 north, range 9 east;
1180
J Surface, administrator, etc, to Annie Ton
hey—Lots 3, 4 and 5 and SEX of NWM of sec
tion 6, township 8 north, range 10 east ; 1155
MORTGAGES
P Kelly et ux to S Molfino— Lot 19, block 10,
Jackson; $200
C E Harmon to Mrs M J Andrews— EH of
SW54 and NW'i of SEM of section S, and NEK
of NW><, section 10, township 8 north, range 11
east; 1550
Jas Fassero et ux to E & A Ginoochlo— Land
near Jackson Gate ; $250
Mary J Epling to Bank of Amador Co— W
part of lot 10, block 1, Amador City ; $100.
Annie Touhey et al to J W Joses— Etf of SWM
and W4 of SE-< and lots 3, 4 and 5, and SEVi of
NWX of section 6, township 6 north range 10
east; $1000
A Vaira to G Vaira— W« of SWX of section
28. and EV« of SE'< of section 27, township 7
north, range 10 east ; $800
TRUST DEED
Anna Schley to R F Allen et ux— Land in
sections 7 and 12, township 7 ; $1800
SATISFACTION Or MORTGAGE
G Vaira to A Vaira
Mrs Cocking et al to C Harmon
J Meehan to J McMahon
Italian Benevolent Society to Anna Schley
LOCATION
F Griesbach et al— Black Oak Q M
J Lofstad et al— Bueno mine
PROOF or LABOR
Jas Trackwell et al on Virginia Q M
PATENT
U S to G Bolchegrain
AGREEMENT
R M Ford with J Capellini— Privilege of pros
pecting 380 acres of land near Quart 2 Mountain
H Eudey to Goodall, Perkins & Co— North
Gover Q M, Fremont mine and mill site, one
half of lots 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 and SWj< of N Wv<
of section 25, township 7 north, range 10 east;
$17250
Geo Perkins et al to Fremont Consolidated
Mining Co— Same; $10
H Eudey et al to Fremont Mining Co— Gover
mine; one-half Interest in lots I, 2, 8, 4 and 6
and SWX of NW)< of section 25, township T
north, range 10 east; Loyal Lode Q M; part of
SVlii of section 24, townshih 7 north, range 10
east; $28500.
Millinery! MUUneay!
| A milliner from Now York has rented
part of the White House store and will
soon be able to show the most mag
nificent line of stylish millinery that
was ever kept in a first-class millinery
establishment. Grand opening March
15th. 1 V . . 2-9.5t :
Molfino'i Death.
Simone Molfino, a wealthy pioneer of
Clinton, died last Wednesday night,
aged about 53 years. • He came to this
county from Italy when a young man
and has amassed a comfortable for
tune. About twenty-five years ago he
married Miss Margaret : Oneto,' sister of :
Steve Oneto, a number of children be
ing born to them, all of whom, we be
lieve, with his widow, survive him.
His death resulted \ from an injury to
one of his legs, received several weeks
j ago, blood poison taking him off. His
' funeral will take place tomorrow after
noon at 2 o'clock. Interment in Jack
son. " : - ■ . .':&SBS9O
How Is Tour Wife!
Has she lost her beauty ? If so constipation,
Indigestion, sick headache, are the principal
causes, Karl's Clover Root Tea has cured these
ills for half a century. Price 25c and 50c.
Money refunded if results are not satisfactory.
For sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. - ■ *'
Zamlooh.
•Next Monday evening Prof. A. F.
Zamloch, the well-known conjurer, will
give one of his justly celebrated enter
tainments in Love's Opera House.
Prof. Zamloch is not a stranger to
the Jackson people and he will,* no
doubt, be greeted by. good audiences
during his stay here.
Mr. Van Horn, his zealous advance
agenX, has thoroughly billed the town
and, as usual, left a good impression.
Sick Headache absolutely and permanently
cured by using Moki Tea. A pleasant herb
drink. ; Cures constipation and indigestion,
makes you eat, sleep, work and happy. Satis
faction guaranteed or money back. - 25 cents and
50 cents. Sold by A. Goldner.
Strictly First-Class Fresh Fish
Can be had every Thursday and Friday at
Camlnetti'B Central Market. . SS-W
Get your measure taken for a fine
$10 suit, at the White House. 2 23-tf
Five thousand j spring samples of
clothing, the . latest patterns, on ex
hibition at the White House. 2 23-tf
MARRIED.
PHILLIPS-CLARK-At the Globe Hotel,
Jackson, Cat., Monday. March i. inn, by Rev.
F. A. Morrow, Mr. William Phillips of lone,
to Miss Lillian E. Clark of Suite Creek.
MOLFINO— In Clinton district, near Jackson,
March 7, 1900, Simone Moltino, aged about 53
years, a native of Italy.
J AT
J Peterson's
J Shoe Store
i You get the best mater-
J ial. The best fit. The
; lowest price. The finest
I stock of footwear in the
J county. Rockbottom fig-
I ures at all times.
5 A. F. Peterson,
• 3-2-tf Webb Building, Jackjon.THE MERMAID'S VENGEANCE
A handsome, dashing youth was Den
vil Burke of Bantry castle. No bolder
rider had ever backed a horse, no more
reck loss player had ever ventured ,
broad gold pieces upon the uncertain
chance of the dlcebox, and so It came
to puss that before young Denny
Burke, as he was generally termed,
had enjoyed bis ancestral acres three
short years the "dlrtby money^' , be
came scarce and creditors pressing. :
One course alone was open to him—
the road which so many young bloods
bave followed. He must marry some
heiress. Not that there was the slight;
est difficulty about finding the heiress,
for It was a well known fact that the
rich Miss MacNulty of Ballydunderbog
would just give one of her two eyes for
. handsome, bold, young Denny Burke.
. It was true that Miss Biddy MacNul
ty. was on the wrong side of 30; true
that a more scrawny piece of humani
ty could not be found In the county.
But she . bad the golden guineas,
though, and after many a^ groan Denny
Burke made up bis mind to become the
master of Ballydunderbog.
Denny Burke was hi love with a fair
young peasant girl, and be bated to
give her up.
Kathleen O'Drlscoll was only a milk
maid.'but a fairer girl never trod old
Ireland's bogs.
%trnnge stories the village gossips
told about the beautiful Kathleen.'; Far
and wide through Bantry Kathleen
was known as the Mermaid's Child. It
was gravely related and currently be
lieved that the maid's beauty came
from no earthly source.
When she was but a babe, her moth
er had been used to take her at early
sunrise to the limpid pools amid the
rocks by the edge, of the sea and there
bathe her In the crystal waters. That
these pools were the haunts of, the'
mermaids, the fairy queens of the
ocean wave, was well known to all the
dwellers by the shore.
No one doubted such stories as tbese
In the least \ -'
Denny Burke had been in the habit
of meeting the girl, and quite a love
affair bad grown up between the two.
Kathleen, poor, simple soul, believ
ed that the young man meant all he
.said when he protested that he would
rather wed her than the richest lady In
the land.
To give Denny due credit be bad ful
ly Intended to marry the girl, -but
when he discovered how bad a state
his financial affairs were In be came
suddenly to the conclusion that ■ ngly
| Miss MacNulty and the broad acres
. of Ballydunderbog were far superior
to pretty Kathleen and love In a cot
tage.
And as Denny detested "scenes'"- he
never went near the . milkmaid, but
quietly married ' Miss Biddy offhand
and left to Dame Rumor the task of
informing Kathleen of his treachery.
Burke was married. . He could drink
and game and horse race now to his
heart's content
And Burke was not at all discom
posed when the news was brought one
fine morning that the body of the' HI
fated Kathleen bad . been cast up \by
the sea near the Mermaid's pool. The
girl had committed suicide.
-The day 'of the annual hunt came,
and, radiant In scarlet and white, bold
Mr. Burke showed: all . the gentle
men.ln the county the way when the
sly fox broke from his covert The
beast ran down by Killduffy's bog and
doubled to the sea by Arohoe glen.
The' "field" was all thrown off the
scent, and Burke, suspecting the fox's
trick, rode off alone, trusting to head
the beast by the Mermaid's pool.
Coming down the . slope, . Burkes
brown mare caught her foot and threw
Denny over her head. When Burke
recovered his senses, for he bad been
stunned by the fall, he found himself
lying on his side close by the edge of
the pooL ; . . -•
From the clear water a female form
arose— a woman of surpassing beauty.
"Do not fear, handsome stranger."
said the seamaid in tones both low
and sweet And then Burke felt [ a
strange fascination creeping over him.
"Oh, wonderful creature, can you
love a mortal?" he cried.
"Yes, if the mortal will but press
my lips," the mermaid answered coyly.
Eagerly Burke kissed the coral
mouth of the seamaid, and then a
hoarse laugh came from her lips.
Burke was never seen again In life,
but his body was found the next morn
ing by the haunted pool. The sea
maid had avenged the wrong done to
her foster child.— New York News.
Thought He Had Been Noticing.
Willie Wlshlngton was trying to be
conversational, but the young woman
wore glasses and looked severe, and
her mother surveyed the scene with an
expression of austere toleration. Wil
lie ought to have known better than to
call on Monday, wash day, anyhow. '
"Have you read any books lately?"
asked Willie, with the Inane grin which
he uses in society.
"Yes," answered the girL
"Been some pretty good ones written
lately, don't you think?"
"I haven't read any recent novels,"
she answered. I
"You ought to read some."
• "1 find ample entertainment In the
classics," was the rejoinder, while her
mother looked on with an approving
Bin lie. ■• ' . '
"Oh, yes; Shakespeare, I suppose.
He's a good old classic." . ..
"I "read Shakespeare - occasionally
when I read English. I also read Cor
neille and Mollere and Goethe and
Schiller, but only for diversion. Philo
sophic studies are my especial occupa
tion at .present" ',':.
:■' "By JoveH' exclaimed Willie admir
ingly.- getting to be a regular
bluestocking, aren't'you?"
*"A what!" repeated the young wo
. man's , mother grimly ias she rose to
her feet ' .. .
"Why, a bluestocking, you know— - :
that Is"— '.v. v . - - - ' "
. ' "No explanations are necessary.
Amelia, 1 am going to.tell the servant
to take In'- the j clothesline -at 'once.:
Hereafter neither of us will be at home
to Mr. Wlshlngton."— Washington Star.
It Still "Worked.
,"No," she answered coldly. "1 can
not marry a man who carries a rabbit* s
foot for luck."
■ For a moment be contemplated her In
Intense silence, but only for a moment
1 "Who," he exclaimed, "now can
doubt the efficacy of the rabbit's foot
after this?"
'.' Then he left her forever, pausing on
ly to laugh the wild, mirthless laugh
which was suitable to the occasion.—
Detroit Journal,
THE SPORTING, WORLD.
Two years ago a little barefooted boy
wandered out to Woodbine "park at To
ronto. He was a blight faced young
ster and, meeting Alec Shields of the
racing firm of Carruthers & Shields,
expressed bis desire to ride one of his
horses.
"I was struck by his appearance,"
said Alec Shields In telling about the
circumsta^e. "I liked his manly way
•md put him to work as an exercise
JOHNNY MARTIN.
boy." San Francisco racegoers have
bad a chance to see this youngster, for
he is Johnny Martin, accounted by
shrewd Judges to be one of the most
promising featherweight jockeys in the
world. His rise in the profession has
been unprecedented.
Last July Martin piloted Topmast to
victory in an owners' handicap at Fort
Erie. It was the first race that the lad
ever scored a winning bracket He has
won some 50 races since then and has
shown himself to be a more promising
little Jockey than was Johnny Reiff in
189S and 1899. Martin Is 14 years of
age and can ride at 65 pounds.
Queens of the Wheel.
During the year 1809 six wheelwom
en of New York city pedaled a total of
211 centuries, while in the same period
an equal number of metropolitan
wheelmen rode a total of 491 centuries.
Of the women cyclists Mrs. E. R,
Bayne and Miss Carrie Hitchcock com
pleted the greatest number of hundred
mile runs, the former having 50 to her
credit and the latter only two less. The
two great women century riders of the
year, however, were Mrs. Jane Lind
sey of Brooklyn and Miss Jane Yat
man of Manhattan. Miss Yatman's
century score was i! 3, and Mrs. Llud
sey's was 32.
Both these women compiled their
season's mileage In a series of record
rides that are without parallel among
women In the annals of cycling. Pre
vious to last year a triple century made
by a woman was considered a remark
able performance. But the rivalry
that sprang up between Miss Yatman
and Mrs. Lindsey for possession of the
title of queen of the wheel resulted In
the reeling off of multiple century rides
that occupied several days at a time
for completion and in which the public
at large evinced a more or less lively
Interest '
Slonne Quits V» For Good.
. "I am going back to England the Ist
of March," said Tod Sloane, the jockey,
recently. "I have interests there be
sides racing. I am interested In the
Shaftesbury theater of London, and
De Wolf Hopper is with me In the en
terprise. He has made a hit with the
English, and we expect a big run when
he starts In business. That will be
only on the side with me, however. I
cannot expect to ride . always, and I
want something to turn my attention
to when I quit the turf. I think a good
boy from this country can show them
the road for a long time to come."
Champion Harrlman Going Abroad.
Golf championships In Great Britain
are held earlier than In this country.
The dates for the amateur meeting
have been fixed for the week of May
17, at Sandwich, and the women's
championship will be held the follow
ing week at Westward Ho. The open
event will be played later In the season
at St. Andrews, n. M. Harrlman In
tends to make a European tour in the
spring, and if so he will visit the fa
mous golf courses and try his skill
against some of the old country cracks.
Cycllat Rosa 'Will Be Popular.
Arthor W. Rosa, the Irvington-Mill
burn hero of last yekr, who sails for
Europe shortly to follow the middle
distance racing game, will be very pop
alar abroad. Europe gave Jimmy Mi
chael to America In 189 C, and Europe
regretted the gift always. .. Michael
was popular all over Europe. He was
such aJlttle fellow that the ladles took
to him and petted him and made much
p,f him. Since Michael left for Amer
ica,. all of Europe has beeu hunting for
a successor.
The Legend of a Dell.
The largest hanging bell in the world
1b In a Buddhist monastery near Can
ton. It Is 13 feet high and 45 feet In
circumference and Is of solid bronze.
Canton has a pretty little fable con
nected with it The story Is told by
Mrs. J. P. Newman in one of her
sketches of travel. The life of the
founder of the greatest bell of China
had been threatened by the emperor
because of his unsuccessful attempts
to make a bell having perfect purity
of tone. The bell founder's beautiful
daughter, witnessing her father's
agony while Imploring the emperor for
one -more trial, consulted the gods as
to the reason for failure. Being told
that should the blood of a fair maiden
mingle with the bell metal the result
would be secured, she, waiting beside
her father until able to see her face in
the molten ore, plunged in nnd was de
stroyed. To the sacrifice of this maiden
the Chinese attribute the beauty and
sweetness of the tone of the great bell
of Ta-Cung-ta.— New York Tiroes."
THE AMADOR -IiEDG-EBt JACKSON. CAI/TFOBINTA. FRIDAY. MARCH 9. 1900.
A Penalty For Being; Polite.
It is more difficult to be polite In the
city ;of Hamburg than in any. other
place in Europe. There the most chiv
alrous man has to think twice before
giving up his seat in a car to a lady, as
he may be turned off the car for po
liteness, j It seems that the Hamburg
trolley cars will seat, according to size,
20 or 28 persons, 10 to 14 on each side.
Iv addition four perpons are allowed
on the front and five persona on the
back platform. .When the car is full,
the conductor hangs out a sign, "Be
ietzt." which means "occupied." and la
absolutely forbidden to take on another
passenger until some one gets off the
par.
Sometimes, while the conductor Is in
front collecting fares, a lady will step
on the car which is already "occupied."
As there Is no conductor on hand to
prevent her, the lady steps Inside, and
the gentleman who may offer her s
seat comes out and takes his stand on
the platform. When the conductor aft
er going his rounds returns to his post,
he promptly requests the gentleman to
step off. the car. ns he has forfeited his
seat and the car Is fully "occupied."
Should he refuse to leave the car he Is
put off. Tho policemen on the streets
art? instructed to watch the cars sharp
ly, and If they find a car carries even
one more passenger than Its proper
complement the conductor Is fined 72
cents, which Is paid to a charity fund
of the street railway company. — Phila
delphia Press.
Salt and Horse Radian.
Some people care . for nothing but
lemon on raw oysters, but there are
others who desire horse radish. Usual
ly such folk regard the strongest horse
radish as the best, but an experienced
vender of the condiment ' poobpooba
this point of view. .;....
"Why should the strong horse radish
be considered good?" says he. "It
brings tears to your eyes and lifts the
top of your head off and makes you
want to sneeze. It has no taste what
ever. The wild horse radish, that which
has stood awhile. Is the best and pleas
antest always.
"There Is nothing so foolisb as to
think that the strong, biting kind Is
the fresh— tljat Is the reason why it Is
preferrc- 1 to the mild sort— for the very
stalest. -i :ikest horse radish can be
made in •_'<) minutes strong enough to
blow your head off. All you need to
do Is to add salt to It Try this some
time. Just take any old horse radish,
dump In a spoonful of. salt and then
notice the "difference. I 'don't know
why salt should have such a powerful
effect on the stuff, but no doubt a
chemist could tell you that"—Philadel
phia Record.
Turned It to Account.
A Derbyshire man. accompanied by
bis wife, happened to be traveling In a
train when, near Stafford, a collision
occurred, lie was well known for his
shrewdness In business, and he proved
that In the collision his wife received
a contusion between the eyes, for
which a Jury awarded £50 damages.
Some time after the affair bnd blown
over the following confession, or some
thing to the like effect was elicited
from tin* plaintiff In a moment of un
guarded conviviality:
"Well, yon see, when the collision
happened t' owld woman and I wur nil
reet, but when I looked out o" t' car
ridge I seed a lot of fellies In a ter
rible state. One 'sings out: 'By. lad!
Ise getten me head cut open. I*ll hn'
twenty peounds for this.' "Twenty
peounds. ye silly fule?' cries another.
'Ise gotten me shoulder out. and I'll
ha' forty peounds for 'f Wuen I heard
this," continued the clever business
man. "I jumpt at t'. owld woman
straight out and druv my 'end be
tw'en her eyes, and we'se gotten fifty
Doounds for It." — London Answers
MISCKLLANEOaS.
Do You Cough?
" I gness I nsed to be like everybody else.
When I cauglitcold, I just let it alone, think-
ing it would
coughing W~|a|§|& rc§fl!p\
each cold was worse than the one before. My
throat seemed to get weaker, and the least
change in the weather started the coughing
nprain. The last cold was the most severe ol
nil. I was really frightened. Cough drops
and home treatment did no good. A friend
told me about Acker's English Remedy. I
got a bottle, and you never saw the like of
the way it acted. Before the bottle was gone
I was well. My throat felt as strong and well
as could be. Since then I have had no more
trouble. I think Acker's English Remedy so
strengthens the delicate lining of the throat
that it easily resists the changes in tempera-
ture.anditbuildsuptheconstitutionaswell."
(Signed) Cabbie Schwab,
251 Gold St., Brooklyn, N. Y.
Sold at 25c., 50c. and $1 a bottle, throughout
the United States and Canada ; and in Eng.
land, at Is. 2d.. 2s. 3d., 4s. 6d. If you are not
satisfied after buying, return the bottle to
your druggist, and get your money back.
We authorize the above guarantee.
W. U. HOOKER it CO., Proprietors. Sew York.
Sod by Alfred Goldncr
THE LONDON
WOOLEN MILLS
J. H. HEITMAN
FINE TAILORING
Price List as Follows:
LONDON ' WEST OF ENGLAND
BROADCLOTH SUIT $40 00
LONDON CLAY WORSTED, in Blue
and Black 40 00
NEW ENGLAND WASHINGTON
MILLS CLAY WORSTED, blue-
black ?S0 to 35 00
GERMAN CREPE DRESS WORSTED. 35 00
FRENCH BLACK PIQUE fc» to 35 00
LONDON BLACK DOESKIN SUIT.... 35 00
WASHINGTON MILLS GRAY WORS-
TED SUIT, to order * 30 to 35 00
FINE ASSORTMENT IN TWEED
SUITING $15 to 40 00
LATEST STYLE OF ENGLISH AND
AMERICAN TROUSERING.... *4 to 12 0Q
600 J Street. Corner Sixth, SACRAMENTO
MISCELLANEOUS ADVERTISEMENTS.
ON PEAT; BUGGIES
M§GIES^ \ ».:..,: SOLD AT -.:-*
SAMPLES ON EXHIBITION
Exclusive Agency for the Deal Buggies '
Whjch Are the Best
W. E. KENT
"♦- '■ BBOADWAT, JACKBO*
»♦♦♦♦ *♦♦♦♦♦*♦»♦*♦♦
®
- go
111 GINOCCHIO & BROTHER I
• Wholesale and Retail Dealers In •
Beneral Merchandise • • • . »
•3 Water Street, Foot of Broadway, Jackson •
•aV\T E TAKE PLEASURE IN INFORMING OUR PA- 2
|J T T trons and the PUbllo ennoriilly that, we h;ivo on hand v 2 ' —
«j3very choice selected stock of DRY GOODS of ull kinds, GRO- i
J'a^ERIES AND PROVISIONS, CLOTHING. BOOTS AND Z
# §.->HOES. Wo particularly direct the attention of the public Z
«;*'" the fsict that we keep on hand the largest assortment of i
XSIHON AND STEEL to bo found in Amador county. Also a 5
Zifsuporior assortment of all kinds of HARDWARE, such as 5
•igoarriage Bolts. Screws, Nuts, Nails, and, in fact, everything ,
a Hthe market demands. We are sole agents for the celebrated ' Z
# a|fIUKCULES POWDER, of which which wo shall constantly i
f^Uoep on handfa large supply. ' j
OR DIN Stf .< |j|
f rf #J§fFA.J.JORDAN MANUFACTURER^^. 11
r I I'M X l/ V Q%fic<? : yti[ - '..__?!■ n'lifi. afiUflßßEl
DON'T BE A ri aM hiti
. Anil tako sonro other kin<l because a little
cheaper. Best is iilvrays cheapest in the end, and tho Jordan *' AaAI " Cutlery
is "It." For sal- 1 by tho leading dealers every whore.
1 THE 'NEW- ~
NATIONAL HOTEL-- —
v£)JVt*.—^ Foot of Main Street
o-o-cr-o-b-o FIRST-CLASS ACGOAMODATIONS FOR TRAVELERS AI REASONABLE PRICES
k Sample Room for Commercial Travelers
r"V'< l^°° ms Newly Furnished Throughout . A ■
I Table Supplied With the Best in the Market *^^"
1 ' BAlt Supplied With the Finest Brands ot T
■ \ - Wines Liquors and Cigars
IF\ u&.. TTOOIEcIHIZEiIS, lE=iopxietor
LEDGER'S CLUISBING RATES.
Ledger and Daily Call, ono year $7 50
Ledger and Weekly Call, one year 3 60
Ledger and Daily Bulletin, one year 6 50
Ledger and Semi-Weekly Bulletin, 1 yo'r 4 20
Ledger and Weekly Bulletin, one year". . . 390
Ledger aud Daily Chronicle, one year 7 70
Ledger and Weekly Chronicle, one year . 3 60
Ledger and Weekly Examiner, one year. 3 60
Ledger and Daily Examiner, ono year ... 8 30
Lodger ;md N. Y. Weekly Tribune, 1 ye'r 3 00
Ledger aud N. Y. Triweekly Tribune, ly 3 50
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Magazine, 1 yr 3 35
Ledger and S. F. Weekly Post, one year. 3 00
Ledger and McCall's Magazine, ono year 2 75
Ledger and St. Louis Globe Democrat, ly 3 00
Lodger aud ■• Twice a Weok," one year . . 300
*S" The above rates are strictly in advance.
A. LIEBHARDT
UPHOLSTERER AND CIPHLII
Water Street, Jackson
PARLOR SUITS LOUNGES AND MAT-
trcHses made to order and repaired. Car-
pets taken up aud rclaid.
♦LIBERTY Ip SALOON^
Sanguinetti Building
Main Street Jackson
L. PERL AND A, : : : Proprietor
Best of Wines, Liquors and Cigars
■ - Almays on hand.
J The Aleehan Property will be
5 subdivided Into building lots and
2 sold for CASH OR INSTALLMENTS.
J Will be laid out In blocks, with
2 50-foot streets and 25-foot alley-
2 ways. Each lot can be reached
J at front or rear by wagon. One
2 main street from Volcano road
2 west of . Calvin's house; one east
2 cf Median's house; and one west
2 of Keeney's property, to reach the
2 property, W .;. . ■. i;':V
•■•?••••••'«•••••••••
For further particulars apply to
NEIL A. MACQUARRIE
Spagnoli Building, Summit Street
OUR TASTE HAMS
Sweet, Juicy and Tender.
We live but once— :
Why not live well and enjoy life?
HALL, LUHRS & CO
. "Wholesale Grocers and
Provision Dealers
Sacramento, Qaj,
I ■'->-- MISCELLANEOUS ADVERTISEMENTS.
AicCalPs fWic\gazino
, — ( THE QUEEN OF FASHION )
Will contain TWENTY-TWO FULL-PAGE
BEAUTIFUL COLORED PLATES-more
than iooo exquisite, artistic and strictly up-to-
date FASHION designs— a large number of ;
short stories and handsome illustrations —
fancy work, hints on dressmaking and sugges-
With Amador Ledger
/*-— Only $2.75 a Year
Aud earh subscriber receives a FREE PAT-
TERN of her own selection — a pattern sold by
most houses at 25 cents or 30 cents.
SEASON OF 1899-1900
__ _ _ -s^- 2 [hV S ° a F'* 1101 ! 00 s:oopm....Tues and Fri
Ol [AIQCT # :Lv Fresno.....'. 10:43pm. ...Tues and Fri
i^ I I 111 *■ I 1 "• Ar LosAnBCles 7:45am....Wed and Sat
V^ LY\J Lmd I • Lv Los Angeles B:oo am.. ..Wed and Sat
U_ _— _ •Ar El Paso 7:l3am....ThursandSun
HH IT^ L^ |\ 2 LvElPaso o:Ssam....ThursandSun
111 11 I I I 2Ar NcwOrleans -- ?:15pm....Fri and Mon
•111 1 I mmJLmJ 0 Ar Washington B:43am Sun and Wed
• ••e*««A«««S Ar New York • 18:«pm....Sun and Wed
Initial Trip Fri*day, December i^h
THIS MA( jNI FI C v ENT train again, for the sixth season, offers Its superior service to the tray-
ITS HIGH STANDARD of excellence Is abundantly attested by its past brilliant record, and
the Southern PaciHc management gi res the assurance that it will be mainlined In
all respects, and Improved where possible. - . . la
For more complete information, call on M. W. . GOBDON, Agent at lone.
••••••
: up-to-date :
I Stationery and Novelties I
I FREEMAN'S VARIETY STORE j
••••••••e««***«S
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION-^
■A Made From SELECTED WHEAT
g) Blended According to Our Own Formula
<| Producina Pftr*«>ct Results
.: .'" ■:■■.■■:■■ -.-,., '
f\VR RECORD OF THIRTY-FIVE YEARS IN AMADOR COUNTY OF HONORABLE
V/and upright stealing Is with you. and we respectfully ask for a continuance of your favors:
without prejudice. , _ ■ • « •
©——PIONEER FLOUR MILLS. SnCRJUENTO- -• i
"Campaigning
In the
Philippines"^
A' book of over 400 pages with
noarly 300 beautiful illustrations of
troops in action and scenes in the
Philippine Islands, published by
The Hicks-Judd Publishing Company
.". . of San Francisco, the only publish-
ers in the United States who sent
representatives to Manila especially
to compile a history of the war.
As many as 23 writers wore en-
gaged in tho work in. Manila, many
of whom were with the troops in
their various engagements and
they were permitted to use official
records to verify their reports. ;
Maps of Battlefields
made by an official map-maker in
the Bth .Army Corps enables the
reader to follow closely the move-
ments of troops.
Description of Philippine Islands
giving statistical ■ and other infor-
mation as to climatic conditions,
resources,' etc., and an account of
the trip to Manila, taking the
reader to Honolulu .and through
Japan and China, are interesting
. features of tho book. .
Advance Sale Over 6000 Volumes ' :
in Manila shows the faith of sol-
diers in tho publication. It is sold
by subscription only and returning
soldiers have been employed almost
. . exclusively thus far and have found
in this very lucrative employment.
A few more agents wanted in this
State. Address Tho Hicks-Judd
Publishing Company, 21 First St.,
San Francisco. . 2-23-4t
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Importud and Domestic
Wines*Liqu6rs*Cigars
JACKSON, CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon, White Seal
and Private Cuvce Champagne; Morgan Bros.',
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries ; Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres,
Bordeaux, Clarets and Sauternes ; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY, Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ited, Walkerville, Ontario, Canada; John de
Kuypcr & Zoon, Rotterdam, Gin; Gilka Kuem-
mel, from J. A. Gilka, Berlin; Barthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester N. V., Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness.
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London) ; Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ala; Naglce Brandy; Reimported American
Whiskies.
S INHERE is a certain stylish ef- % '■
•B I feet about garments made 3> .
«t from these Celebrated Pat- : > '
«g terns that Is not attained by the Sj
«S nse of any other patterns. ; • .
«% BAZAR* JpaiCTja
fiWIERHSW
I(No-Seam>Allowance Patterns.) £ :
Have not an equal for style and perfect S
fit. Easy to understand. Only io and 15 3«
cts. each — none higher. Sold in nearly 3j
every city and town, or by mail. Ask for 55
them. Get a Fashion Sheet and see our £
designs. Absolutely the very latest styles. S '
A FREE PATTERN 1
of her own selection will be (riven 3-
every subscriber to S
MS CALL'S^
MAGAZIHEW
-5 One that every lady should take recV" 5E
-5 larty. Beautiful colored plates ; latest £
Sg fashions ; dressttUkin^ economies ; fancy 32
4 work ; household hints ; fiction, etc Sub- S* ,
* 5 scribe to-day, or. send sc. for latest copy." Sj '
■ 2 Lady agents wanted. Send for terms, f
I THE McCALL CO., |
% 138-148 We«t 14th St., New York, g
L. (JETTING EH 8. H. KlflOBT .
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutter Creek, Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet Iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to oall the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
and complete stock of bar, reflned and Norway
Iron, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc.. which we will
sell at the LOWEST CASH PRICES.
6LOBE -^ HOTEL
Corner Main and Court Streets
JACKSON, CAL.
P. DWYER, : : : Proprietor
First-Class in Every Respect
ESPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO OOM-
mercial travelers. Sample rooms con-
nected with the house. The very best of ser-
vice guaranteed to patrons.
eood Meals, as Onti ■
" ~ LEGAL NOTICES. ' £§!
Assessment. Notice. JB&
■ — " ■■ ' » * $ j" ■?*?
Amelia Gold M^ing Company.— LocatlonH
principal place of business, San Franci«|
: ' SSST&UfW" ° f WOrks ' Am «
-VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT B
AX a meeting of the Hoard of Directors, lS
on the ninth day of February, 19K) an ass«B
ment (No. -1) of Two and One-half Cents ■&]
share was levied upon the capital stock of B
corporation, payable immediately in Unaß
States gold coin, to the Secretary, at the otQ
of the company. No. S» Sansoma street Rod
4, San Francisco, California. . : ■
• Any stock upon which this assessment sIBB
£ mam - " n P ald on th « tifteenth day of MatH
Won, will be delinquent and advertised for sH
at public auction; and, unless payment ß
made before, will be sold on THURSDAY I
sth day of April, mm. to pay the delinquent R
sessment, together with costs of advertlsH?
and expenses of sale. " tig
By order of the Board of Directors Kg
r>m xt }' SCHUMACHER, SecretanH
Office— No. aw Sansome street. Room 4hS
Francisco, California. ■ 2-l<-tH
Assessment Notice. II
Jackson Gold Mining and Milling Compamß
Location of principal place of buslneV
: Jackson. California?— Location of WorH
T^SS&S
-*■ \ a ?l ct , lng of tne Board ot Directors, hfig
?vn ?. V y ,l, D f ce ™ ber . l 8 9- »n assessmfß
(iNo. 3) of one-thirtieth of one cent per sh:C9
was levied upon the capital stock of the el
poration, payable immediately in United StaiH
gold coin, to the secretary, at the office of tH
company. Ledger office, Jackson, California.H
Any stock upon which tho assessment shS
remain unpaid on the 6th day of January, IIJH
will be delinquent, and advertised for sale H
public auction, and nnless payment Is made lH
fore, will be sold on Saturday, the 27th dayß
January, UNO, at i p. m.. to pay the delinqu JS
assessment, together with costs of advertislM
and expenses of sale. lEj
By order ot the Board of Directors - 63
WILL A. NKWCUM, Socretaryß
Office: Weil & Renno Bui ldlng, Jackson cJH
Decembers, 1899. .. i^n-1-jafij
At a meeting of the Board of Directors of tH
Jackson Gold Mining and Milling CompauH
held on Saturday, January Sth, 19U0, the dafl
of delinquency of Assessment No. 3 was posfl
poned to Saturday, February 3, 1600. and tfl
day of sale to Saturday, February 24, 1900 El
- ■_. -1- WILL. A. NEWCUM, SecretaryM
Dated Jackson, January 6, 1800. 1-13— l-28g
At a meeting of the Directors ot the Jacksc
Gold Mining and ViHing Company, held In tl
office of the Secretary on February 3, 1900, tl
date of delinquency of -Assessment No. 3wi
postponed to' Tuesday, March «, 1900, and tl
date of sale to March 24, 1900. >
- • , WILL A. NEWCUM, Secretary.
Dated Jackson. February 7, 1900.
Notice is also further given that the regnli
annual meeting of the stockholders of the Jac
son Gold Mining and Milling Company wi
take place at the rooms of the Secretary, Kb
Building, Main street, Jackson, on Tuesda
■"° ' WILL. A. NEWCUM, Secretary.
Dated Jackson, February 7, 1900. 2-16-3
Notice of. Forfeiture.
To John B. SUinner:
~V7"°U ARE HEREBY NOTIFED THAT
JL have expended at least SdOO (two hnndrec
in labor and Improvements on the followiog-d
scribed placer claim: \V!4 of EIJ and F.V, of W
of SWM of NEW of section -S3. township 7 nort
range 12 east, Mt. Diablo Base and Meridiai
Volcano . Mining District, Amador Count;
State of California, as will appear by certif
cate Hied at the omce of the Recorder of Ami
dor County, Jackson, on December 23. 1808, an
January IV), IOKi. in order to hold said premise
under the provisions of section 2331, Revise
Statutes of U. S.. being the amount required t
hold same for the year ending December 3
IKW, and if within ninety days after the publ
cation of this notice you fail or refuse to ooi
tribute your proportion of said expenditure, a
co-owner, your interest in said claim will tx
come the property of the subscriber under sal
section 23J4. • ■ M. CHRISTENSEN.
Volcano, January 20, 1900. - 1-2IV-4-27
MISCELLANEOUS.
A $4.00 BOOK FOR 75cts
Tie Faiinere 1 Encyclopedia.
■ Everything per
_^^^o^^^^-^_^^k talainp to the $x
tß&SS&iii&gitiSS^Sf&Siul household mi
Pryn^aW -jS»r?»li]ij«Hfi'l ing.cookery.henlth
BPtCMg? jaji IsMJWjZa'll cattle, sheep.swine,
la|Ej§.^lawS^*^^ tratec, bound in
green cloth bind-
' ing &nd equftl to
other books costing
U.OO. If yon desire this book Bend u« our BpecUl
offer price, $0.75. and t0.20 extra for portage and
we will forward the book to you. Ifit in not Mtte-
ftctory return it «nd we will exchange it or refund
your money. Send for our special Illustrated cata-
logue, quoting the lowest prices on books, FKZZ.
We can cave you money. Address all orders to
THE WERNER COMPANY,
rmbltahir. and K»nuf»ctar.«. ASTOn, ObiO.
[The Warner Company Is thorough] y reliable. J— Editor.
BH. JOBSAS'S «»*••* #
ie|[!!llfiS3i;r^ cf anatomy f
I CTpgis6l Jiiir:- rr. ; - c : i '.>&, z.T.bi.o
[ f4|A ft»U»f»-trri<i»l».lt.ilicW«ll.' A
I (ml *?* "•' "■"'' " ■' " * ■■ ■""" - r » JfMlmpna. \
I.H >kvk< !»"■ ■i--v.- ■; :> in, Hv r*«i arr mails m
n| ' ■ «n-l llff«r !■» ■•t'AJ »n-fci;»«J t A tit-r-B**. IfToa \
\1 fl suff-r rrt-n J»» -il La r.n c: Ml. amato'tbt A
Q IJ^W-^t r.ih.>^*>: .'.■••» "I? I\l»*j3r OsHt. . ,W
»b jojtn.v*. »•;• i vai r s» j*»:asf» i
Ci)UMiltuti*i;-lr ewi-: '. ."it -U »..• 'tk.M*m**il |nnM- W
•Ilrarh7 1-l.r. MMl! I- dinqclU; rradlcalad 1
frem ihf ivitti*m «h*M<uv iui..'-. 3twr*»wfu w
i.»i:«t nAx i:v->.'. v w, »l!i ncctm oar \
lonMto(tinw»of!i!(r.pit ■.>!■ m
r. rill Gwtmtte • :-.,xt 1 1 rg t i Its In nn caw \
M Ultot«t«, or rkrArft <:■<-- lha>u<<! Italian. A
Wrlu far Iw.k-l'hlIi»»«pliT tif -Inrrlun, W
mim mi (A ralual,l# b>«k f'-rmrn. i \
DR. JORDAN. %. «■«., 11151 Al.irl.ctKt.aF. #
TO THE UNFORTUNATE
jß<^^^^^a|\ This old reliable and
■ff^KgJ '■^j^r^^^^ themost successful spe-
B%*& 1 iLi costillcontinues tocure
ffr rfc Ui tt 'Ilfni H a " s <"* u;l1 and Seminal
Biaj»Mffiro^yyJk>|* Diseases, such as Uhon-
''^^Sfiraf'wllwro^a^ Syphilis i^aii its forms
'^^RtES^SIuJ'YSM skln U'seases, Nervous
Dohllitv. lmpotcncy,
*^ tv^^™**^*****^^ < -' Loss of Manhood,' the
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counte-
nance, dark spots under the eyes, pain in the
head, ringing in the ears, loss of confidence,
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitation
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and back,
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs,
consumption, eto. ..."
DR. GIBBON has practiced In San Francisco
over 37 years, and those troubled should not
all to consult him and receive the benefit of
his i great skill and experience. The doctor
cures when others fail. Try him. Cures guar-
anteed.. Persons cured at home. Charges reas-
onable. Call or write. ;. . • i*i w
Dr. J. F. Gibbon, 625 Kearney street, San
Francisco, Cal.
••••••
t Expensive==O Z
t . It's the quality that's high In Tea •
• Garden Drips, Toboggan Maple m
0 ; Syrup and Pelican Louisiana Mo- •
I , lasses. . o
J For sale by Urst-class grocers In •
■ cans only. Money refunded if the { •
J goods are not satisfactory. Don't .•
J accept an imitation. See that the •
I manufacturer's name is litho- •
* graphed on every can. *
I . Pacific Coast .■ S ■
I ■ Syrop Company ♦ ' ■": Z
I .. 7K)-?l« Sunbome street, San Francisco -. J
•••••a
i anything you Invent or improve; also get!
CAVEAT.TR ADE-M ARK, COPYRIGHT or DESIGN ' |
! PROTECTION. Send model, sketch, or photo. ] !
' for free examination and advice. • i
BOOK ON PATENTS B&SUSSii
i W £C.A.SNOW& CO. !
| P»tent Lawyers. WASHI NGTON, D.C, ] \