Established November- i,] 1855
SERIOUS CASE OF INSANITY
Found a Can of Gold In the
Cellar.
STUBBED HIS FRIEND WITH II MANICURE FILE
• A Big Claim of the Utica Company.—
A Fair Is Contemplated at .
PlacerviUe._ :i , , v .
CALAVERAS COUNTY.
Prospect, San Andreas, Hay 5. WOO.
Barbara Castalic, an Austrian, was
taken to San Andreas, Wednesday,
suffering with acute mania. She is a
married woman, 28 years old, and the
mother of three children. The attack
seemed to come on of a sudden, its first
manifestation being the night of April
30th, when she suddenly jumped from
her bed and ran out into tho street
shouting and cursing. She is very jeal
ous of her husband, threatening.to kill
him, saying that ho burnt up one of her
children, burned another and sheoould
see the woman he is in love with. She
was very violent and hud to be kept tied.
She was examined before Judge Gotts
chalk by Drs. McLaughilii and Holland,
Thursday, and committed to the
asylum. :
It seems that we weru misinformed
last week in regard to tho death of John
Barbori, the Austrian minor who was
so badly injured in the Lightner re
cently. Instead of being dead, as re
ported to iis, the man is rapidly im
proving and, save the loss of his eye
sight, 6oon bids fair to lw as well as
ever. We did not intentionally kill the
man and regret very muoh that we
were led into such an error by our in
formant.
It is said that a new building will
shortly be erected between ihe present
postoffice and the building designed for
the new abode of Uncle Sam's represen
tative, to be occupied by G. Keber as a
jewelry store.
H. Hogarth, Sr., has just completed
the annual enumeration of the school
children. The result shows that the
new school building is likely to be well
filled when completed. The census
man found 519 children between the
ages of five and seventeen, and under
five, 207. Angels is holding its own.
Citizen. San Andreas. May 5, 1900.
George A. Stewart, the grocer, while
making ready to move inlo liis new
place of business in the building form
erly occupied by the Miners' Resort,
was searching the cellar to see what
was to be found. Will Austin joined in
the hunt, and together they found a
can lying on the ledge or bank of the
cellar, and upon examination it was
found to contain gold amalgam worth
about $80. It is supposed to have been
hidden away by Gouder Everson, now
deceased, who once owned the property
and was in the habit of thus hiding his
wealth. At different times in the past
gold coin has been found hidden in
buildings owned by Everson.
The contract for the erection of the
new school house in Willow Creek dis
trict has been let to George Eder, who
resides near town on the Angels road.
His bid was $575, being the lowest,
some running almost to $1000. The
bonds Issued were $300, but were sold
at a premium of $50. ! There is money
■ in the school fund to meet -the differ
ence of the- bond issued and contract
price.
Chronicle. Mokelumne Hill, May 5. 1000.
A little mishap happened at tho
Green Mountain hydraulic mine in
Chili Gulch last Wednesday' "which
might have been serious only-" for
prompt action on tho part of the pipe
man, Thomas McSorley. ..Mr. McSorley
was tending the giant and the 'men
were at work in the cut when a large
cave began to come down. McSorley
attempted to swerve the stream slightly.
as the moving mass approached so as
not. to endanger the men from flying
debris, when the deflector, from some
cause yielded too easily, throw
ing the stream among the men. Tom
turned the pipe down quickly and held
It there until the miners could get out
of the way. Fortunately no one was
hit "squarely, but it was a very close
call. A Chinaman was struck and
knocked down by some loose; debris
that was thrown up by the force of the
water but his injuries were only .slight.'
TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
Independent, Sonora. May 5, 1900. . : * ..
Harry Wakefield and. .Tom poster,
erstwhile friends, arrived in'Soiiora
about two weeks ago and' since that
time continued to be chums until last
Monday night when * serious trouble
arose. Both are young men, Wake
field being only 18 and his partner 22
years of age. . On the above night.they
got mixed up with bad whisky. which
ultimately led into a fistic encounter in
front of the Louvre saloon. Wake
field, who was victorious in Jthe melee,
noticed a desire •on the part of 'Foster
to use a knife, and at once made a re
treat. He had only gone about ay hun
dred feet when , his- adversary—smart
ing under defeat and nagged- on by the
onlookers— ran up behind and banter
ing Wakefleld into another "scrap,"
during which time the weapon | was
plunged into his back, just below the
right shoulder blade. Wakefleld. was
taken to his room and Dr. Bromley
summoned. Foster went to the room
shortly after and begged the injured
man not to inform on him, and the
consent not being given, made Wake
field understand that he would soon
The Amador Ledger.
return and "finish the job."
■ • The wound, although painful, Is not
serious— Wakefield making his usual
rounds on the streets a day or two
after the affair. Foster is still in jail
and on Thursday afternoon had a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon
placed against him in the Justice
Court.
New Era, Carters, May 4, 1900.
The saw mill at this place of the
West Side Flume and Lumbering Com
pany, is nearly completed and read.y for
business. . It was intended to saw the
first log last Monday, but delay was
caused the preceding Saturday when
one of the elbow couplings' On a large
steam ' pipe : broke. ? : The * fires were
started up last week and the first sur
plus steam generated was used to blow
the mill whistle. This ceremony is
performed by pulling on a cord, and
this honor (the first toot) fell to Miss
Mabel Sweney, the ton. year-old daugh
ter of Master Mechanic K. P. Sweney.
For the last few days,* the ponderous
machinery has been kept moving 80
that the engineers might discover any
defects.
Democratic Banner, Sonora, May 4, 1000.
A dispatch from Angels Camp says
the Utica Company has laid claim to
all of the town, basing their alleged
rights upon the contention that the
site is mineral and belongs to the Utica
by purchase made of Otto Fletcher,
who located the ground in pioneer
days. He sold his interests for $15,000.
Subsequent to the deal the govern
ment issued a title to the town site.
There will be litigation to determine
tho question. In our opinion the
Utica crowd will bo defeated, for back
of the property owners stands the U.
S. deed, which always holds water.
EL DORADO COUNTY.
Democrat. Plsicerville, May 5. 1900.
At a meoting of the Directors of the
El Dorado ' Agricultural Association,
held last Friday' evening, at the Court
House, a full Board was present, and
considerable business pertaining to the
forthcoming fair was transacted. Offi
cers for the ensuing year were elected
as folio ws,: President, Galusha Carpen
ter; Vice-President, R. P. Patterson;
Secretary, Shelley Inch; Treasurer,
James Blair. It was the sentiment of
the board that a fair should be held
this year, and a motion to that effect
was unanimously passed. Accordingly
August 28th. to September Ist, inclus
ive, was finally fixed upon as the date.
The revision of the premium list was
referred to a committee, who, it is un
derstood, are a unit in favor of mater
ially increasing such premiums as are
of interest to the home producer and
manufacturers. Our farmers can now
go to work and raise prize pumpkins.
The third fire within a week ' occur
red Wednesday at about the noon hour
when the ' residence of C. E. Byason,
in Circle City, was totally destroyed
together with most of the contents.
The fire started in the kitchen around
the stope pipe. Mr. Byason estimates
his loss at about $900 with an insurance
of $450 on the property.
Young Mothers.
Croup is the terror of thousands of young
mothers, because its outbreak is so agonizing
and frequently fatal. Shlloh's Cough and Con
sumption Cure acts like magic in cases of
Croup. It has jnever been known to fail. The
worst cases relieved immediately. Price, 25c,
50c and tl. For sale by A. Goldner, the Druggist*
New View of Ghosts.
A cottage woman was speaking to
me the other day about the terrible
losses of our. troops in South Africa.
She said: . "Eh, but I shouldn't like to
live over there when it's all done.'- The
place'U be fair wick wi' ghosts." When
I expressed my. doubts as to there be
ing such things as ghosts, she said she
knew there were, for she "had seen a
many. ' ' Pressed farther, she said that
at any rate people who come to a vio
lent end, and especially those who com
mit • suicide, certainly "walk" till
"their., time comes." By this she
meant until such time as they would
have died in the course of nature. This
limiting of a ghost's time to "walk" is
new to me. Is it held at all generally?
—From Notes' and Queries.
What Is Shiloh!
.. A grand old Remedy for" Coughs, Colds and
Consumption; used through the world for half
a century, has cured Innumerable cases of in
cipient consumption and relieved many in ad
vanced stages. If you are not satisfied with
the results we will refund your money. Price,
25c. 50c and 11. For sale by A. Goldner the
Druggist. : •
Over Exercise.
Ho (as the curtain falls) — My dear, I
believe I will go into the lobby to
stretch my legs.
 ; S,he—Y ou've been to the lobby three
times to stretch your legs, and the last
time when you came back they seemed
real weak. I am afraid, you are
stretching them too much.
Wanted An Understanding.
" "Let's arrive at a mutual under
standing, " said the Englishman after
the heat of the argument had subsided.
'/I don't want you to think I'm a liar."
* "Ay qpdrsaS not, " replied the Irish
man, "an* bi don't want ye to t'ink ol
t'ink ye're a loiar. But ye are."
- . H. Clark, Chauncey. Ga., says De Witt's Witch
Hazel Salve'cured him of piles that had afflicted
him for twenty years. ..It is also ■ speedy cure
for skin deceases. Beware of dangerous count
erfeits. City Pharmacy.
Publication of Mineral Application!.
Secretary of the Interior Bliss has
decided that the law to the effect that
all mineral applications must be pub
lished in the paper nearest the claim
means just what it says, and that any
other publication qf application for
patent U not legal.
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY. CAI.IFOKNIA, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1900.
SOUTH AFRICAN IRRIGATION
The Great Possibilities of the
Country.
UNCERTAINTY OF RAINFALL IS DISCOURAGING
A Systematic Method of Irrigating
Would Hake the Land Very !
Productive.
Washington, D. C— A pictur
esque figure at the National Capital for
the past week, though ir no manner
connected with politics, has been "Col."
Joab-L. Meacher, who has just re
turned to the United Slates fi otn South
Africa, where he has been looking into
the present possibilities 'of stock-rais
ing. Col. Meacher is an adopted west
erner, being originally from the hills
and rocks of Vermont, but he has for
some years been connected with one of
the large irrigation systems of Colo
rado. He is a big, raw-boned typical
American of the style which is recog
nized the world over as ''Yankee."
"Upon my arrival at Cape Town,
this being my third visit, " he said in
talking of his trip, "I was treated with
much good-fellowship, the residents
vying with each other in an endeavor
to show a feeling of friendship growing
out of the conditions arising from our
Spanish war.
"Cape Town has in the last few years
grown to be a large anJ prosperous
city, thrifty and neat. The Parlia
ment buildings would bo a credit to
any city. The suburban villas, sur
rounded by gardens, rich in variety,
and of luxurious growth, form a pleas
ing landscape.' The colony is now
largely engaged in stock-raising.
While the lower coast regions having
sufficient moisture, produce green crops
in great abundance, the arid character
of the vastly largest portion of the
colony, renders it at present unfit for
any purpose other than grazing.
Nearly two-thirds of the surface of the
Cape consists of a barren plain. After
the periodical rains this plain is cov
ered with grass, but the summer heat
soon changes' its aspect. Sheets of
shallow water termed vleis are formed
at many places in the flat lauds of the
interior by the rains, and these spots,
during the dry season are covered with
rich grasses affording excellent grazing.
"The first act requisite for settle
ment is the construction of a dam or
reservoir for the collection and saving
of a water supply. As such dams have
always been built by individuals the
water saved ie only sufficient to supply
what is required for stock and domestic
purposes. There are great opportuni
ties for irrigation on a large scale in a
number of sections of South Africa,
but with the exception of unimportant
attempts to water small patches, but
little has been done in the direction of
systematic irrigation for agriculture.
The soil is fertile as shown by the rich
growth of grasses during the rainy
season, and if irrigation works on a
large scale were established as they
have been in India and our own West,
and the waste water of the rainy sea
son saved, millions of acres could be
devoted profitably to agriculture.
"In the valleys of the Oliphant river
and its tributaries, emptying into the
Atlantic, the Breede river which flows
into the Indian Ocean and the Zak and
Hartebeeste, tributary to the Orange
river, man} farms have been establish
ed. The crops of these sections depend
entirely upon the annual overflow
caused by rains in the mountains where
these streams rise. The Dutch farmers
who cultivate most of this land,, prefer
to depend entirely "upon' nature. -If
urged to take steps to 'irrigate in
periods of long drouth, they invariably
say, *Oh, it will rain again!'" Such un
certain and loose methods must nec
essarily give way before modern ideas
and improved farming; much of the
land will eventually be reclaimed
through the use of the vast volume of
water now running to waste and a
dense and progressive population will
build up the country.
' 'The lands of the Trans vaal Repu blic
are of the same character as those of
the tableland of Cape Colony. On
previous trips I have been all through
the Transvaal. Generally during the
rainy season, farmers can produce. a
crop of maize. But this is by no
means sure, owing to the uncertainty
of the rainfall. The Transvaal strik
ingly recalls to me our western plains.
The monotony is relieved by occa
sional table-shaped and conical moun
tains. During the dry months the
Boer farmer migrates with his cattle
and his family to the lowlands along
the rivere or coolies. He spends his
time hunting, while the children and
Kaffir servants herd the cattle and
sheep. Under the existing conditions
the grazing development of this part of
the world is limited. Transportation
is too costly as yet to insure a profitable
marketing. But with the stimulus to
home markets, incident to the con
tinued development of the mining in
dustry, with its immense army of
laborers, the agricultural and pastoral
industries will be put on a different
footing. Eventually they cannot be of
more importance than the mines them
selves.
"I could not but think," concluded
Col. Meacher, "while traveling over
some of the great stretches of unoccu
pied land of S.outh Africa, through
which flow large rivers, how much
land there is yet in the world which
will be eventually reclaimed to great
productiveness through the storage pf
Btorro and waste waters. Id simply
these two sections of the world | with
which I am acquainted, western Amer
ica and . South Africa, there must be
upwards of a hundred million acres of
very fertile land which can all be made
highly productive, and mostly by the
building of large storage reservoirs."
Ton Try It.
If Shiloh's Cough and Consumption Cure,
which is sold for the small price of 25c, 50c and
fl, does not cure, take the bottle back and we
will refund your money. Sold for over titty
y.-ars on this guarantee. Price, 25c and 50c
For sale by A. Goldner. the Druggist. :. ■ • •
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
The University Tear Will Close Wednes-
day, Hay 15th.
University of California, May
3, 1900.— Twenty years of study and
experiment have gone to the making
of the bulletin on "'The Nature," Value,
and Utilization of Alkali . Lands'.' by,
Professor E. W. Hilgard which is now.'
ready for free distribution by the . Uni
versity of California. In clear, and
compact foVm Dr. Hilgard discusses the
origin and characteristics of alkali
soils, the injury done to plants by the
noyious salts, the effect of irrigation,
and the reclamation of alkali lands.
A few crops of general utility are not
affected by alkali, says Professor Hil
gard, but the most important problem
is to render alkali lands available for
ordinary crops by processes financially
possible. Lands can bo reclaimed by
mulching, counteracting evaporation,
diluting the salts, applying chemical
remedies, or by removing the alkali by
scraping and leaching. Alkali lands
are a proper investment only for farm
ers of means who can apply capital.
Professor Hilgard says that reclaim
able and irreclaimable alkali lands may
bo distinguished by their natural vege
tation.
The University year will close on
Wednesday, May 15th. A provisional
program has been announced for com
mencement week. The examinations
will end on Wednesday, May 9th. The
festivities will begin on Thursday, May
10th, with Class Day. In the morning
the graduating class will go in pilgrim
age from building to building, with
speeches at tho best-loved spots, Mrs.
Phoebe A. Hearst will turn the first
shovelful of earth at the site of the
new President's house — the first of the
buildings of the Hearst permanent plan.
Douglas Tilden's statue, the Football
Players, a trophy offered by Mayor
Phelan of San Francisco and won from
Stanford by the University of Cali
rornia will be unveiled. In the after
noon a Greek extravaganza by Miss
Alice Humphreys of San' Francisco
will be persented in Ben Weed's amphi
theater.
President David Starr Jordon of
Stanford will address the Graduate
Club in Hearst Hall at 10:45 o'clock on
Friday moriiing, May 11th, on "The
Freedom of the University. ' ' On Fri
day evening the graduating class will
be the guests of Mrs. Hearst at the
commencement ball in Hearst Hall.
On Saturday evening the graduating
class will give a banquet at the Palace
Hotel, the Class of '90 of the Law De
partment will give a banquet in San
Francisco, and there will be a reunion
of the Class of '90 at East Hall.
The baccalaureate sermon will be
preached by Rev. Charles R. Brown of
Oakland at four o'clock on Sunday
afternoon, May 13th.
A garden party will be given by Mrs.
Hearst in honor of the graduating class
at her country place, La Hacienda del
Pezo de Verona, on Monday afternoon.
The annual meeting of the Philosophi
cal Union will be held Monday evening,
and the annual meeting of .the faculties
on Monday morning. On Monday
evening the alumni of the Medical De
partment will hold a banquet at the
Palace Hotel. Tho same evening the
Class of 179 will hold a ' reunion at the
home of. Dr. . George C. Pardee, 672
Eleventh street, Oakland.
Rev, Robert i. Burdette will deliver
the annual public address before the
Phi- Beta Kappa society on Tuesday
afternoon. On the same day the Re
gents will meet to confer degrees upon
some 310 graduates of tho various de
partments. The annual banquet of the
Alumni Association will be held at tho
Merchants' Club, 222 Sansome street,
San Fiancisco, at. 7:00 p. m., and at
8:00 p. in., the alumni and faculty of
the College of Pharmacy will tender a
banquet to the graduates in pharmacy
at Delmonica's in San Francisco.
Commencement will- be at 10:15
o'clock on Wednesday morning, May
16th, in the Harmon Gymnasium. The
speakers from the colleges at Berkeley
will be Miss Lillle F. Moller of Oakland
Wlllard C. Parsons of Los Angeles and
Alfred Skaife of San Francisco. The
festivities will end with a farewell re
ception to the graduating class on
Wednesday evening by President and
Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
Free to Inventors.
The experience of C. A. Snow & Co. In obtain
ing more than aj.OUO patents for inventors has
enabled them to helpfully answer many ques
tions relating to the protection of intellectual
property. This they have done in a pamphlet
treating briefly of United States and foreign
patents, with cost of same, and how to procure
them; trademarks, designs, caveats, infringe
ments, decisiqus iq leading patent cases, etc..
etc.
This pamphlet will be sent free to anyone
writing to C. A. Snow & Co., Washington, D. C.
Walnnti for Poultry.
Those living where walnuts grow
should gather ail they can, keep in
some dry place and crack a panful two
or three times a week for the hens.
They will devour them greedily. Wal
nuts are fully as good as meat for them,
and the bits of shell provide grit.
M. E. Church Services.
Preaching every Sunday at 11 a. m. and. 7:3Q
p. m. Sunday school, 2p. in. ; Epworth League,
0:45 p. m. Prayer meeting every Thursday,
7:90. F. A. Morrow, pastor. t
STATE CONVENTION CALL
Republicans of California Be-
gin Work.
STATE GONVENTIONTO BE HRD IN SACRAMENTO
The Bock Island Railway Hakes Ex
cursion Bates from Chicago
|- In accordance with the directions of
the Republican National Committee
that . delegated representatives of the
Republican party from the several
&c tea -assemble in National Convention
in the city of Philadelphia, State of
Pennsylvania, on Tuesday, tho 19th
day of June, A. D. 1900, at 12 o'clock
noon, for the purpose of nominating
candidates for the office of President
and Vice President of the United
States, and for such other business as
may be brought before said convention;
and in accordance with the instructions
given by said National Committee,
directing that the Congressional Dis
trict delegates shall be chosen at a con
vention called by tho Congressional
Committee of each said .district, in the
same ~ manner as the nomination of a
Representative In Congress is made in
said district; therefore, be it
Resolved, by the Republican State
Central Committee of California, rep
resenting the Republican party of said
State, that the Congressional Commit
tees of the several Congressional Dis
tricts of the State of California are
hereby advised and requested to call
Congressional Conventions of their
Congressional Districts, to be held as
hereinafter provided, at which two
delegates shall be chosen to represent
each of such districts in the National
Republican Convention, to be held as
aforesaid, and for the selection of two
alternate delegates, to act in case of the
absence of the delegates first chosen.
The selection of the delegates of the
Congressional Convention shall be un
der the direction of the Congressional
Committee of- each district, In accord
ance with the call of the National Com
mittee. . -
Provided, that the basis of represen
tation to said Congressional Conven
tions shall be as follows, to wit: One
delegate for each Assembly District
within the Congressional District; pro
vided, that where any Assembly Dis
trict embraces moro than one county,
there shall be one delegate for each
county and fractional part of a county
In such Assembly District, and one
delegate for each 300 votes cast for
Henry T. Gage, Republican candidate
for Governor in 1398, and one delegate
for each fraction of 150 votes or over.
It is further directed that the dele
gates chosen to the Congressional Con
ventions shall meet in State Conven
tion at the city of Sacramento, on
Tuesday, tho 15th day of May, 1900, at
2 o'clock p. m., to select four delegates
at large to the National Republican
Convention above mentioned, and four
alternate delegates, to act in case the
delegates selected be absent, for the
election of a State Central Committee,
and for the transaction of such further
business as may be brought before the
said State Convention.
It is further directed that where pri
mary elections are held the test for
voters shall be: "I believe In Republi
can principles and indorse the Republi
can policy and the administration of
President McKinley, and intend to sup
port the nominees of the Republican
party at tho ensuing election."
It is further directed that contests
must be filed with the Secretary of the
Congressional Committee in writing,
with a full statement of the grounds of
the contest, five days preceding the
meeting of the State Convention. All
matters relating to such contest before
the Congressional Committee, with
said Committee's determination there
in, must be transmitted to the Secre
tary of the State Central Committee
at Sacramento, before noon of the 14th
day of May, 1900.
Adopted by the Republican State
Central Committee at San Francisco,
April 6, 1900. E. C. Hart, Secy.
A Common Weakness.
"I must confess to a great deal of
egotism, " said Willie Washington.
"Indeed?" responded Miss Cayenne.
"Yes. I think about myself entirely
too much."
"Oh, that isn't egotism, That's
merely the usual human tendency to
worry over trifles."
One Way.
McJigger— He'll never succeed in life
— never make a living, in fact.
Thingumbob— Why do you think
that?
McJigger— Oh, every time he opens
his mouth he puts his foot in it.
Thingumbob— Well, that's one way
at least of making both ends meet.
A Mortal Insult.
Mrs. Dimpleton — I want you to get
another doctor right off.
Dimpleton— What's the matter with
this one?
Mrs. Dimpleton — What do you sup
pose he said about baby? He told me
I must treat him like a human being!—
Harper's Bazar.
Sick Headaches,
The curse pf overworked womankind, are
quick); and surely cured by Karl's Clover Root
Tea. the great blood-puriQer and tissue -builder.
Money refunded If not satisfactory. Price, 250
w>4 Wo. For sale by A. Goldner, the Druggist. *
NEWS OF RAILWAYS.
Bock Island Announces Special Excnsrion
• Bates.
The Rock Island's proposition for
cheap rate excursions to and from
Colorado during this summer has been
negatived by the Western Passenger
Association. In consequence notice
was served yesterday on Chairman Mc-
Leod by General Passenger Agent-, Se
bastian, that the Rock Island will take
independent action and put in effect a
rate of one fare plus $2.00 for the round
trip from Chicago and all intermediate
points east of the Missouri River to
Denver, Colorado Springs, Pueblo,
Salt Lake City and Ogden. Tickets at
this rate will be sold on Juno 20, July 9
and 17 and August 1. From Missouri
River points tho same rate will be made
on the days following these dates.
Tickets at this rate also will be sold
from Missouri River gateways, Kansas
City to Omaha, inclusive, on July i 7, 8
and 9. .". Four special excursions also
will be run by the Rock Island from
Colorado common points to -Chicago
and intermediate stations on June 23,
July 12 and 20 and August 4. These
excursion tickets, both east and west
bound, will be limited for return
passage to October 31. The Rock Is
land announces its intention of placing
in service special trains for these ex
cursions, leaving Chicago at 5 p. m.
and making the .run to Colorado with
only one night on the road.— Chicago
Many a . Lover
Has turned with disgust from an otherwise
lovable girl with an offensive breath. Karl's
Clover Root Tea purifies the breath by its
action on the bowels, etc., as nothing else will.
Sold for years on absolute guarantee. Price
25c and 50c. For sale by A. Goldner, the
Druggist. *
Do Not Overlook This
And purchase from some one else.
Just received my spring and summer
goods, which I carefully selected while
n tho city, and they are now ready for.
inspection. Come one, come* all and
get your first pick. lam also making
a special sale of summer pants, valued
at $10, selling at $7.50. Remember
that this sale will only last for six
weeks. Max Ladar,
4-6 tf The Tailor, Jackson, Cal..
. Remember That
You can always get good, fresh fish the whole
year round at A. B. Caminetti's Central Mar
ket Main street, Jackson. 8-4-99
MISCELLANEOUS.
WHITE |lHi
Breaks World's Records
At the Saucer Track, Los Angeles.
"Ride a 'White' and keep in front and
save repair bills."
Hardy Downing, the mid-
dle distance champion,
Feb. 22, broke all world's
records from i to 15 miles
on a 1900 White Bicycle.
H. B. Freeman broke
the one mile competition
record
Feb. 18th, on a 1900 "White" Bicycle.
H. B. Freeman holds the world's one
mile record of 1:28 2-5, made on the
"White" wheel. All famous cham-
pions ride the "King of Wheels," the
Orlando Stevens,
Johnny Chapman,
H. B. Freeman,
Hardy Downing,
F. A. McFarland,
and others. You can't afford to buy a
cheaper wheel than the "White," and
pay out more to keep it in order during
a single season than a high-grade
"White" costs in the beginning. Don't
buy until you see the 1900 "White"
the only modern wheel on tho market.
We don't sell you '98 or '99 goods for
1900 models. ;..->•
Agents Wanted Everywhere.' Write for
prices and Catalogue. : ' ■ •
. WHITE SEWING MACHINE COMPANY.
300-306 Post St., San Francisco, Cal.
C. A. HAWKINS, Gen. Mgr.
A. J. Snow & Son, Dealers in "White" Ma-
chines, Sutter Creek. mayl
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ft
i A Word :
:to the Wise i
{ Every Spring the hu- J
] man system needs to be ;
J thoroughly cleaned, the \
\ same as a house. How j
; few do it though! If ;
J they only knew how ;
; much difference it ;
; would make in their \
\ feelings and health. ;
; The system needs to ;
; have the circulation ;
; set going — needs new ;
; rich blood. ;
; We have all the repu- ; ;
; ; table system - cleaners ; ;
; ; and can advise you ;
; about them. s ;
i ! THE CITY PHARMACY. |
, ; ROBERT I. KEKR \ \
\ > Main Street ■ — JACKSON \
MISCELLANEOUS.
I FORTOEBtaOPtUVgJUUMGS.
Experience has shown to physicians
that the majority of diseases have their
origin in the derangement- or disease of
the stomach and other organs of diges-
tion and nutrition. The stomach is the
receptacle in which food is received and
the laboratory in which k is prepared to
nourish the different parts of the body.
It prepares brain nourishment in one
way, nerve nourishment in another,
muscle nourishment in another. When
the stomach is "out of order" these
various forms of nourishment are only
partly or imperfectly prepared, and
nerve, muscle, or brain, as the case
may be, is only partly fed, and the result
is pain, which is Nature's prot<#t and
warning. The pain may be in the head
or in the heart, but you must reach it
through the stomach or you can't cure
it. That is the philosophy on which Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery is
prepared. It has absolute control of
the stomach and digestive and nutritive
system. It cures diseases in head, heart,
liver, lungs and other organs by curing
the diseased condition of the stomach
which prevents the proper nourishment
of the various organs and corrupts them
by its own diseased condition, in the
partial nourishment it provides. In like
manner " Golden Medical " Discovery "
purifies the ■ blood, by purifying the
stomach and other blood-making organs.
It contains no alco-
hol, or other intoxi-
cant, and no narcotic
L. OBTTIHGKB s. H. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
sutter Creek, Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling maohinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
and complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
iron, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc., which we will
sell at the LOWEST CASH PRICES-
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Import ud and Domestic -■ . :
Wines*Liquors*Ciprs
JACKSON, CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon, White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros.',
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries; Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres,
Bordeaux, Clarets and Sautsrnes; CANADIAH
CLUB WHISKY, Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ited, Walkerville, Ontario, Canada; John de
Kuyper & Zoon, Rotterdam, Gin; GllkaKuem-
mel, from J. A. Gilka, Berlin; Barthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester N. V., Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness'
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by. Read Bros.,
London) ; Cantrell & Coohrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ala; Naglee Brandy; Relmported American
Whiskies.
FIRE ACCIDENT LIFE
L J. FONTENROSE
General Insurance Agent
and Searcher of Records
Office : Marelia building, Court street. Jackson
BANK OF 11R COUNTY
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : : : " $50,000
President.. .".Henry Eudey
Vice-President s. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudey
BOARD Or DIRECTORS:
Henry Eudey, S. G. Spagnoli, John Strohm, C.
Marelia and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from the Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from Ore
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County ; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postofflce or express. Money sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exohange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County.
They receive deposits from S5 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank acoount. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
ttnancial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die it can't be found and you are lia-
ble to bo robbed while alive
ill. A. MAILS
For the Best
Assortment of
Dry Goods
SHOES
AND
Furnishing -r Goods
Of All Kinds
For Ladiesl
And Children
At the Lowest Prices
GO TO
A. A. MAILS
Sutter Creek
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, Jackson
Dealer In
WITCHES, CLOCKS JEW*
AND SILVERWARE
*sr All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watches, Clocks and jewelry a
specialty.
Ten Cents Per Copy.
LAWYERS.
Xp A. FREEMAN
Attorney-at-Law
Jackson, Cal.
Office In Harelia building, corner Main and
Court streets.
DB. BPAGNUI.I
Attorney and Counselor «t Law
Practice Is all the States and Federal courts
Office: Spagnoli building, opposite HaU of
Records. /• , .
; : — :
A CAMINKTTI
Attorney and Counselor at Law
Jackboh, Cal.
Will practice in all the State and Federal
courts.
T3OHEKT C. BOLE
Attorney-at-Law ■
Jacmoit, Cal. >
Office: Farley bullding,'Summlt street.
~VTEIL A. MACQUABRIE
Attorney and Counselor at Law
Jackson, Cal.
Office : Spagnoli block. Courthouse square.
T W. CALDWELL V.
Attorney-at-Law ;
JACKBOH, CAL. ;•:■-■?,
Will practice In all courts of the State
Ty »• WILLIS
Attorney-at-Law
Jackson, Cal.
Office: With E. A. Freeman. Practice iv
State Courts.
TOHST 'T. DAVIS
LAWYER— i^
Jackson, Cal. *
Office on Summit Street, oppesite Courthouse.
JACOB L. SARGENT
Office: Marelia building, Court street. Mines
and mining laws a specialty.
NOTARIES. ' ; ; -iH
TTILDA CLOUGH
Stenographer and Notary Fnbllc
Jackson, Cal.. ■
"■ ' -
Office, Judge Davis' law offices, Summit Street.
DOCTORS.
"Cl V., TIFFANY. S^Mi
■-/;"; : Physician and Surgeon ■"
Plyhodth, Cal. ': :
tar Office on Main Street : : : : : :
"CWED BTOTCHINS, M. D. ,
Physician and Surgeon '
JACKSON, CAL.
Office with Dr. Robertson, in the Kay building.
Will be in his office every evening (Sundays' ez-
cepted) from 7to 9. , - :
Tf E. ENDICOTT, M. D.
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office: - Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times.
"PJR. E. Y. LONIGO
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office: Webb building. Main street. Resi-
dence : Broadway, near Marre'a Hotel.
T~)R. A. M. GALL
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office In Weil * Renno building, Mala Street.
-\ir c. simmons I ■;. '■■.' } .-.■ : . -\
Physician and Surgeon
Sottir Creek, Cal.
Office: Richards building. Residence: Sut-
ter Hotel.
~pvß. J. H. GILES
Physician and Surgeon
Suttkr Creek, Cal.
Office: Eureka Street, one block east of Main.
DENTISTS.
-pvK. C. A. HERRICK.
— _ DENTIST
. ■
Jackson. Cal.
Office in Kay building. Hours from 9a. m. to
5 p.m.
MISCELLANEOUS.
JACKSON
Marble and Granite Works
■•
HEADSTONES
MONUMENTS
All Kinds of Marble and Granite
CITY PEICEB
Granite curbings from 11.35 (and upward) a
foot. Cement ourbings 80 cents a foot.
Come and see me, for you will be well pleased
with my work.
A. FRAN ATO VICH, Jackson, Cal.
I. L. 60DFREY
BUILDER, JOINER AND WORKER IH WOODS
Water Street, Jackson
IS PREPARED TO DO ALL KINDS OF
plain or ornamental work. Bookcases,
Wardrobes, Commodes, etc., turned out In the
most skillful manner. Window Screens and
Blinds made in short order. Orders from the
country attended to promptly.
Porter & Cheney
mi 1-^r asi
Mines and Mining Stock
Mines Bought and , Sold - - - -
- - • • Corporations Organized
We make a specialty of' unlisted - \ - :."j
mining stock of the "Mother Lode"
830 California Stiwt, Saa FrMiciieo.the AMAi>d)R v {Ledger
Published Fridays by^l
AMADOR COUNTRY/ PUBLISHING "COMPANYK
— •/■ SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One Year (if not in advance). . . : $3 00
. Qnk Year (in advance) 2 50
...Six Months 1 25
' Tiikee M0nth5.. .7..'.. .7.. 75
One or More Copies of the Ledger, each 10
Legal Advertising— Per/Square-j-First 1n5erti0n............ "... \\..sl 00
■ Subsequent iNSERTiONS-^-Per 5quare^each'.... '.......:.•;..:.. V. : ... 50
P. BUFFIN6TON J \. '• |* «'J i \-- Editor- and Manager
FRIDAY.X v ..; v . v^... V..: ...i.^rr^^h.^^-^e^-MAY 11, 1900
<j£s£;± The sanitary conditions of Jackson will not; and in the
.^very^' nature of things cannot; be brought to anything like
perfection without the aid 1 of, municipal government. The
Ledger is well aware -'of the unfortunate fact that many of
our most influential citizens are opposed to the incorporation
.of Jackson, but soouer or later; they must give way to popular
sentiment^aud refrain from active opposition to a much needed
public benefit. .,, For argument's sake ;it -may be admitted
that the expense of running municipal- machinery is some
what expensive, but are not the benefits to be obtained worth
all and : more than they will cost? ['This village must be
cleaned and kept clean in order to insure the health and vigor
;of its inhabitants. Cleanliness will also bring about cheer
fulness and happiness, for a community of miasma poisoned
people cannot be either cheerful or happy. When this camp
•is properly conditioned as to sanitary, matters, it will take
rank as one of the most desirable places for a home in the en
tire mining region. The location of Jackson is good, the sur
roundings picturesque and interesting, the people are good
; hearted; companionable, neighborly and charitable. - : All that
Jackson needs ', to place, it on a' par with the best towns of its
.size in the State is cleanliness; * Its conditiou in this respect is
not only deplorable but dangerous, and the Ledger feels in
."duty bound to press this matter home to the business and
bosoms of its wealthy and influential denizens.
There appears to be a lamentable lack of ordinary bus
iness discretion among some of otir brethren of the press.
The Ledger believes in zeal, for it is the grease that makes
the wheels of progress go round smoothly, but with zeal there
-must be knowledge; upon" these two qualities, properly com
bined, depend the fruition of the, work of men. But when
- is lacking, the zeal put forth, no matter how gen
uine aud conscientious the endeavors of the zealous one may
be, .brings about great : harm. Let our hair-trigger brethren
think twice before they write once, especially dlong political
lines. There is such a thing as being premature, and thus
overturning plans that could otherwise have been carried out.
Be sure you are right and : then write.
- President McKinley will not be turned aside from his
intention to compel the Sultan of Turkey to pay for Ameri
can missionary property destroyed in his empire, by sensa
tionkr publications' alleging that Turkey is being encouraged
to resist payment by Russia. The Ledger does not believe
that Russia has intimated in any . manner that it had any
thing to do with anything this government might feel dis-
posed to do to compel the Sultan to pay this money which he
has promised to pay, but it would make no difference if it had.
The United States has never brooked interference in its busi
ness.by other governments and it will not do so now.?
The Sultan of Turkey's bullheadedncss may necessitate
the withdrawal of bur diplbuiautic representatives at Constan
tinople. ' Should this occur, there is a plan ou foot to have
.Germany represent America in Turkey. Ths choice of a rep
resentative for American interests lies betweeu Great Britain
and Germany, with the chances decidedly inclined toward
the selection of Germany.
C. O. ZIEGENFUS, well known to newspaper men, as
sumed the duties of city editor of the Stockton Mail the first
of this month. He' is 5 a hard worker and a pointed and
prolific writer. The Mail has materially strengthened its
staffby adding to it such a thoroughbred faber-wielder as
old-^Zieg^~__ I.: ...
' - :'t ■ ■ ■' '. i - . ■ . ■ ■ . ' — -! — > - . .* ' .'■ - cJ ? --■
One of the greatest strikes in the history of St. Louis
was inaugurated last Tuesday. Every street car line in the
-city- was' tied up. and 3325 of the 3600 employes of the St.
Louis Transit : Company quit work. It is reported that a
• number' of persons have been seriously injured and that two
* ! or three r ribters have been killed.* • V •
-^ Frauds in the Cuban postofißce' which it is surmised
will reach the sum of $1,000,000 have been unearthed, and
Colonel F. W. Neely, chief financial agent of the Cuban Post
office Department, is now under arrest. Neely's home is in
'Muncie,' lndiana. He is charged with embezzling $36,000.
. : H ~ ■ : '> 't
■ ' IT is doubtful if the Nicaragua canal bill passed by the
House can be acted upon by the Senate at this session, owing
to. the pressure of other business and the desire to adjourn
/early^injun^ - '^1 >-U ; ; ; . (j
.^;kThe bill? providing- for the form of government for the
territory of Hawaii will go into effect in forty-five days. The
territorial officers must be citizens of Hawaii.
Judge Richard Yates, son of "Dick" Yates, the war
governor of Illinois, has been nominated for goyernor by the
B Republicans of that State, .
THE AMADOR LEDGEE: JACKSON, UAJJFOITNTA, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1900.
Meeting of Republican Club.
The Jackson Republican Club met at
Webb Hall on
Dr.' C. A. Herrick presiding: -:'
Minutes of previous' mooting read and
approved.
C. A. Herrick reported having re
ceived communications from Presidents
of Republican Clubs agreeing to accept
Hon. John F. Davis as delegate at
large for State Convention. i ; ,
Secretary .1. E. Dye reported the
delegates to State ' Convention ' as
follows: John F; Davis, at large; Hon.
E. C. Vooiheis. Will A. Newcum.
Fred L. Stevrart, F. M. Whitmoi-e, S.
K. Thornton. . '.'
Communication from Senator Geo.
C. Perkins was read with interest.
J. E. Dye Jr. reported upon ths Con
ferem*; at Sacramento in detail. He
stated that L. J. Fontenrose was elect
ed Secretary of the Convention and
that the Amador delegation .was the
largest ono presents
Senator John F. Davis addressed the
meeting and dwelt upon the. organiza
tion of Republican Clubs, etc. Ho sug
gested that every member of the club
ought to carefully road tho Porto Rico
Bill as finally passed; which is generally
misunderstood
Secretary Dye was instructed to com
municate with Sonators Perkins and
Bard with a view of securing pamphlets
containing tho Bill as passed for circu
lation.. •. , , • #^v.:i " ■-' - -
J. E. Dye Jr. suggested that action
b3 taken with regard to financing tho
Club.
The question of tho purchaso of a
map with the precincts plainly marked
was referred to the. executive, com
mittee.
Adjourned to next regular meeting
night, Wednesday evening, May 23.
THE WORK OF FLAMES.
A Barn and Contents Are Burned to
the Ground.
On Thursday evening of last week at
about 9 o'clock a barn belonging .to
Paul Herman, and located near the
Ml. Echo schoolhouse on the Dry town
and lone road, burned to the ground.
Mr. Herman was in attendance at
the meeting of the N. S. G. W., lodge
at Amador City, and not present at
the time of tho fire. About 9 o'clock
Clarence Walker, who id Herman's
neighbor, was about to retire when he
discovered the barn to be on fire. He
made a number of efforts to save some
of the 'contents of the building and
succeeded in getting out of harm's way,
a, couple of plows and a four-horse
wagon which was in such a position
that by pulliug- off the brake and giving
the wagon a start it whlrlod on down
the hill.
There were five head -of horses in the
barn, all but one becoming victims to
tho flames. Ono of the horses burned
belonged to Mr. Herman's father.
Besides the horses there were destroy
ed one four-horse wagon, three sets of
work harness, one buggy and single
harness and about four tous of hay,
entailing a loss of about $1000.; There
was no insurance. ! j
W. \V. Mayhew, MertoD, Wis*., says, "I con
sider One Minute Cough Cure a most wonderful
medicine, quick and safe.". It is the only harm
less remedy that gives Immediate results. It
cures coughs, colds, croup, bronchitis, grippe,
whooping cough, pneumonia and all throat and
lung deseases. Its early nso prevents consump
tion. Children always like it and mother.* en
dorse it. City Pharmacy.
„ -_^,^.
Do Tou Take Pride In Toar City?
* If you take pride in your beautiful
city of Jackson and in its public build
ings, will you uot help just a little to
clear, off the .Methodist Episcopal
church debts ($600) and enable the
pastor in charge to get the church
painted on the outside and make need
ed improvements on the inside.
Since 1852 the Methodist Episcopal
church has supplied a pastor for the
people of this community. He has
been here to do whatever tho people
wanted him to do, at their service any
hour of the day or night and the M. E.
church will continue 10 send ministers
lo Jackson just as long as they can be
supported. "-VV'i
rAHr 'AH money can be paid into the Bank
or to the pastor. Ever -so small
amounts will be gratefully received.
1 " Yours respectfully,
P. A. Morrow.
A Card.
•I take this means of informing
my clients in Amador county that I will
bo absent from tho county for a few
months; during my absence my office at
Jackson will be in charge of Attorney
Fred L. Stewart, who can be found
there every day during business hours.
Mr. Stewart Is well known In the
county, having practiced law at lone
for the- past two years; he was associ
ated with me in San Francisco for three
years, and I can recommend him as a
prompt, careful, able and trustworthy
lawyer. Respectfully,
4-27-3t Wm. J. McGee.
Bed Front Bargains.
The annual clearance sale at the Red
Front still continues, - and for the next
thirty days rare ' bargains can be had
there in every department, ; TbPss
who have already profited by tho 'sale
will tell you that no such goods can' be
had for the same money anywhere else
in the county. Call and inspect and
you will be sure to buy. 5-4-tf
"No family can hiu.hi w l;e without One Min
ute Cough Cure. It will stop a eougii aijij pure a
cold quicker th»u any other medicine," writer
C. \V. Williams, Sterling Kun, Pa. It cures
croup, bronchitis and all throat and lung
troubles and prevents consumption. Pleasant
and harmless. City Pharmacy.
At the County Hospital.
Six patients were admitted to the
County Hospital during the month" of
April, six were discharged and two died,
leaving fifty-three patients on the first
day of May.
itttut Knrb, Grand Chancelor, K. of P., Boon
rille. lua.,.says, "peWjH's Witch Hazel Salve
soothes the most jdelicatr bkin ijni] heals the
most stubborn ulcer with certain and gwd *&'
Bulta. Cures pjles of skin deseases. poa't"jb.uy
an imitation. City Pharmacy.'
The Finest BuiWing Uti.
Remember that W. P. Peek has the
ffnest building lots for sale in Jackson.
Terms easy. See display advertisement
in this paper, ! " ?-2-tf
THE PICNIC IS POSTPONED
A Bright Future Suggested
, r*! for. Plymouth.
AN EXTRfIORDIHARY STOCK OF BURR GLOVER
Drytown Was a Bather Wet, Town
1 1!i the Past Winter.— From ;i /'r'
: -Amador.
AROUND PLYMOUTH.
Items of General Interest are Written for
the "Ledger."
Plymouth, May 9, 1900.
•Owing to the disagreeable weather of
last week it was deemed proper to
postpone the picnic" which was adver
tised to take place on the sth inst; to
Saturday,, the . 19th. The. .Native
Daughters of the Golden. West and. the
ladies of tho Catholic church have, been
working hard for several weeks pre
paring for this event. It is intended
that it shall have a number of unusual
features for a picnic. A paVafle will be
formed in the forenoon headed. by the"
Preston School Band, and will .consist
of several beautiful floats and. .many
other elaborate displays. The, usual
sories of sports will bo- indulged in by
tho youths of the. county and strong
competition for the handsome prizes
to be ottered iscxjwcted. The scene of
this event will bo at Plymouth' Park,
an ideal place for a day's enjoyment. .
Last Sunday was a pleasant day and
tho Plymouth Band took advantage of
it, and in tho afternoon appeared on
the street in their .new white duck
suits and white yacht caps. . After the
rendition of a few selections, the pho
tographer, temporarily stationed here,
lined them up and .snapped his camera
at them. They then marched " down
tho street and In front of the Levaggi
residence discoursed ■ some excellent
music. Shortly afterward thdy re
tired, and peace and quiet reigned
again. :■;-":•-, . ..
Ross F. Moon of Hon. John F. Davis'
law office, and John H. Moon of the
Amador Ledger, came over from Jack
son last Sunday and visited acquain
tances. •  '
Quite a hole has been made in the
dumps of the old Pacific or Empire
property, and the four Huntington
roller mills aro doing good work,' run
ning continuously and with a profitable
outcome. The . rock thus crushed is
receiving thorough treatment and as
long is the dumps hold out will insure
success to tho proprietors, i ;,,.
Miss Minnie Hinkson of Amador City,'
sister of Miss Hattie ! Hinkson, • our
amiable school mann, came over last
week. She is visiting her friend May
tne Domau.
Miss Lola Parker of Jackson is visit
ing at the home of Lawrence Burke,
and will probably remain until ' after
the picnic. •' '
. The -Ivunhoo mine maintains a deep
silence and evidently no. move will be
made to disturb its stillness for some
time to come. V;. . . .. ■'-..-
Superintendent J. F. Parks of the
Kennedy mine, returned . to Jackson
Sunday from a short trip to the Cos
umnes river, where he tried some
surveys.
• Traffic j between here and Latrobe
is picking up and M. F. Herrill, the
affable proprietor of the stage line," is
doing a rushing business. Mr. Herrill 's
line is equal to any on the road, and
through his perseverance a line has
been built up that is hard to kill." .■'■';'
Several hundred tons of hay 'have
been ruined by thu recent storm. Some
hay had been cut and -shocked, but a
larger quantity was cut and unshock
ed. . There is an unusual crop of vol
unteer, so much, indeed, that many
ranchers say there will bo such a sur
plus that grass fires are probable dur
ing the summer. :."■-■ .''"'■.
The grippo still has a grip on the peo
ple, and it seems almost impossible to
shako it off. .'.:..; ■ .< ■
It is noticeable . that considerable
filth is collecting in the many: mud
puddles around town. Lot us make a
united effort to keep our" town clean
and pure if possible, and free it from
the dreaded malaria. ■■-'.>■
Tho Levaggi residence has just been
remodeled and painted and is now- an
elegant structure and of which ail Ply
mouth is justly proud,' as it adds great
ly to the appearance of the town,'
Final examinations of our grammar
school are on this week and the pupils
are wrestling with their books 'deter
mined to obtain a high percentage.
Tho Gowanas mine, ■ located about
two miles north of here, is attracting
marked - attention from miningi' men.
This property was bondod to Eastern
parties about October last, ami soon
after a contract was let to Mr. Edsin
ger to sink 200 feet, which, cpntract is
being fulfilled. Future prospects: for
this mine are excellent. -. ,<.... ,
The Bay State mine is being, success
fully wprlfed. Groat encouragement is
received from their rapid and unhin=
dered progress. Giovanni L^na.
DRYTOWN NOTES.
A Teamster Met With a Seriour Acci-
dent Last Saturday.
Hay grjwerg in the vicinity of Dry
town have lost heavily by J,ho late rain,
having cut the greater part of the crop i
just in time to have it well soaked.
Hflwever, "there is no great loss with
out some sraalf gain, 'J and in proof of
the saying there are njany fields here
abouts into which a mower would not
have gone had it not been for the late
rain. As it is, such fields will now pro
duce a fair crop.
The boss stalk of burr clover in Am-,
ador county is on exhibition in Dry
town. It was raised by Sam Rogers
aqd measures four feet three inches.
Las Saturday night, May 5, S.'Tuttle,
while haujing lumber from El Dorado
MiJls t,o the Fremont mine, met "with a
serious accident. The wheeler he was
riding slipped and fell, pinnipg Tuttle
under it. One of his legs was brpken
in two places below the knee. Dr.
Freshman! of Amador City wag called
and reduced the fracture.
I RainfaHat Drvtown so far this season/
28:89; total Tor last season 23:68/ *.J. J
AMADOR CITY.
A Few Personals Are Sent In Trom
' ' • Amador City. •' ./. ■'.'"'• -*j
Amador City, May 8, 1900.
Mrs. Susie luman has returned from
an extended visit with friends injMol
desto. .' ;.";';:.' . ' •{ Ijm
Mi-s. Robert Ousby has been visiting
friends at the Kennedy.
Mr. Tempi has moved his family here
from Grass Valley.
, Mr. Wrigglesworth is visiting in San
Francisco for a few days while Mrs.
Wrigglesworth Is at Warm Springs.
Miss Daugberty is visiting in Stock
ton for a few days, after which she in
tends to visit in Nebraska. - .' : : ''
Mrs. Peters is visiting her daughter,
Mrs. Caldwell, at Jackson.
Mr. and Mrs. Pritchard are visiting
tn San Francisco. • " '
; Mayme Thomas and Cora Wriggles
worth visited Plymouth last week.
Minnie Hinkson visited Miss Mayme
Doinah at Plmoutti last week.
Perry Sherman of El Dorado is em
ployed at the South Spring Hill. : ' .
John Dotnan and son, Ray, passed
through town Sunday.'
' Church services thorough't the week
as usual: Preaching by pastor Sunday
morning. In the evening the League
will take charge of the service, it being
the 'anniversary of the Epworth
League. ' ' E. -Lois.
THE PHILIPPINE WAR!
May 3. —Rebels attack Americans in
Catubig and after five days of hard
fighting are driven. off. Over 200 Fili
pinos slain. /:',: '■' ]':.-'i'
May 4. — American scouting party,
narrowly escapes annihilation in Panay.
—Insurgents fight in small bodies. ; V:
May s.— General Otis leaves for. the
United States and the command is
transferred to General- Mac Arthur.—
Guerrilla fighting likely to continue.
May 6.— General Mac Arthur, in ad
dition to his duties as commander, will
exercise the authority of Military Gov
ernor of the Philippine Islands.— Little
opposition is ' made on the island of
Marinuque.
May 7. — General Pantelon Garcia,
the next highest insurgent officer to
Aguinaldo, is captured.
May 8. — Aguinaldo, with General
Tino, reassembles his 'Filipino army.
Skirmishes are 'reported from many
parts of the islands, In which insurgent
losses were heavy.
May 9.— General Young asks for re
enforcements to attack Aguinaldo.—
Ten Americans hold their own against
hundreds of natives.— More fighting in
the Visayas. — Luzon City looted by
Filipinos.— Small garrison driven out by
rebels. —Another skirmish in Panay. —
Many Spanish' and Chinese residents
killed.
An Old Timer.
Geo. B. Shearer of Stockton, who
with Thos. A. Springer ran . the
Ledger in 1872 and 3, the latter being
State Printer at the time, ,is now with
the Standard Electric Co., and station
ed at Spring Valley camp. Mr.
Shearer also founded the Daily Inde
pendent in Suiter Creek for Jim
Farley in 1874. Through the courtesy
of Mr. Gilbert Boon, of the Globe Hotel,
wo had the pleasure of meeting Mr.
Shearer this morning. He is still full
of vim and as jolly as a young man of
half his age.
Tree to Inventon.
The experience of C. A. Snow & Co. in obtain
ing more than 40,000 patents for Inventors has
enabled them to helpfully answer many ques
tions relating to the protection of Intellectual
property. This they have done in a pamphlet
treating briefly of United States and foreign
patents, with cost of same, and how to procure
them; trademarks, designs, caveats, infringe
ments, decisions in leading patent cases, etc..
etc. ;_T. ';V; -I: . .
This pamphlet will be sent free to anyone
writing to C. X. Snow & Co., Washington, D. C.
Five thousand spring samples of
clothing, the latest patterns, on ex
hibition at the White House. 2 23-tf
HeCaU'i Magazine.
Sample copies of McCall's Magazine at the
Lkdgkh olllce, ' without money and without
price, Step in and get one. First come, first
served. . *
Shoulder Dislocated.
A young lad named Fred Uren of
Newmanville, while riding one horse
and leading another, was thrown off in
front of Mattley's residence yesterday
about noon and sustained a dislocated
shoulder. Dr. Gall is in charge of the
pase. ' '■'••'
Peek's Additign m ow open for the sale of lots.
These resident lots are the cream of the town.
They are Id town virtually, and yet up out of
the dust and dirt. They are cheap. 3 2tf
A complete stock of washable goods,
suitable for dresses, such as Lawns,
Organdies, Swisses,' Nainsooks, of all
the latest colorings, from 5c up, at the
White House. 4-«tf
Cleanse the liver, purify the blood, invigorate
the body by using De Witt's Little Early Risers.
These fumpus little pills always act promptly.
City Pharmacy. ■ .
BORN. . ' '
HOLTZ,-^Near Jackson, May 5, 1800. to Mr. and
Mrs P. Iloltz. a son, - -
TABOUE.— At Shareobrooh Ranch, May 4, 1000.
to Mr. and Mrs. Celeb tian Taboue, a daughter.
PETTY.— In San Francisco. April 29, 1900, Mrs.
Carrie L. Petty, aged about 40 years, a native
of California.
VENN,— At Plymouth, this county, May 2, 1900.
: William Venn, aged gO years, a native of
Wales.
VELA— Near Jackspn, Sunday, May 6, 1900,
Herbert Vela, aged sH years, a native of Cali-
ornja.
McCaJl's Magazine.
By reference to oi)r clubbing rates our read-
ers will see that we furnish McCall's Maga-
zine, an especial favorite witb the ladies, and
the Amador Ledger, both one year for only
$2.25. Each subscriber receives a McCall Mag-
azine pattern, which is worth at least one-fifth
of the price paid. If our people desire cheap
and profitable reading we are prepared to fur-
nish it. *
W. If. Shjpman, Beardsley, Mjnn., under oath
says he suffered from dyspepsia for fwenty-fl ve
years. Doctors' anil 'dteting' gave but little re-
lief. Finally he used KodoJ Dyspepsia Cure
and he feejs JlWe a new man. ' It digests what
you oat. City Ph^rmacs,
'.-.-•.-■. "
S".- LEGAL NOTICES.
Sheriff?s" Notice of Sale of
r^^Real^Estate:
BY VIRTUE OF AN EXECUTION IS-
sued out of the Superior Court of the
County of, Amador, State of California, dated
May 9th, ISJOU, in a certain action wherein
Charles W. Trotter as plaintifl recovered judg-
ment against Albany Gold Mining Company, a
corporation, defendant, for the sum of Bye hun-
dred forty-nine and 37-100 ($549.37) • dollars, law-
ful money of tbe United. States. land; costs of
suit taken at ten aufl .'is-lim dollars, on the 9th
day of May, 19U0, together with interest thereon
at seven per cent per annum from said date,
and costs and accruing costs, I have levied
upon the following described property, to wit:
The Elephantine .Gold Mine, sometimes call-
ed the Elephantine Quartz Mine, and some
times called the Elephantine Quartz Mining
Claim, consisting of 15tM linear feet alone the
course of the lode, together with 3UO feet sur-
face ground each side of tho center thereof,
situated in Jackson Mining District, County of
Amador, State of California, the exterior boun-
daries of which said mine or claim are dis-
tinctly marked by reference to some natural
objects or permanent monuments, and are
more particularly described as follows, to wit:
Commencing at a stake and' notice, which is
also the center of the lode line, and is in the
center of the ridge about Hve feet north of Abe
McKinney's barbed wire fence, and about 800
feet east from the Mammoth Tunnel, at Middle
Bar, in said. Mining District, : and about the
same distance west from the llardenburg Mine,
running in an easterly. direction. 3UU feet to a
stake marked "S E. Cor.," thence in a north-
erly direction 15UO feet' to a stake marked 'N.
E. Cor.," thence in a westerly direction 300 feet
to a stake marked "N. C. L. L.," 6110 feet to a
stake marked "N. W. Cor.," thence southerly
1500 feet to a stako marked "S. W. Cor.," thence
easterly SKI feet to the place of beginning, and
commonly called the Elephantine Gold Mine.
Together with all the dips, spurs and angles,
and also all the metals, ores, gold and silver
bearing quartz, rock, and earth therein, and all
the rights, privileges and franchises thereto
incident, appendant and appurtenant, or there-
with usually bad and enjoyed: and also all and
singular the tenements, hereditaments and ap-
purtenances thereto belonging- or in anywise
appertaining, and tho rents, issues and profits
thereof. • ■ ■ ■ . ■
Notice it* hereby given that on MONDAY;
the 4th day" of JUNE, 190U, at ten o'clock a. m.
of that day, in front of the Court House in the
town of Jackson, in the county of Amador and
State of California, I will sell all the right,
title and interest of said Albany Gold Mining
Company, a corporation, the defendant, in and
to the above described property, at public auc-
tion, for cash, lawful money of the United
States, to the highest and best bidder, to sat-
isfy said execution and all costs. ■ ■ '■:
' Jackson, May 11, 1900. ■ '
„?■ V- ■■- ■ U. S. GREGORY. ' •
Sheriff of Amador County, California. •
• John F. Davis, Attorney for Plaintiff. 5-11-Jt
Assessment Notice.
Amelia Gold Mining Company. — Location of
principal place of business, San Francisco,
California. Location of works, Amador
county, California. •...;.-•
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN. THAT AT
a meeting of the Board of Directors, held
on the ninth day of February, 1900, an assess-
ment (No. 4) of Two and One-half Cents per
share was levied upon the capital stock of the
corporation, payable immediately in United
States gold coin, to the Secretary, at the oftice
of the company. No. 320 Sansome street, Room
4, San Francisco, California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the fourteenth day of April,
1900, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction; and. unless payment is
made before, will be sold on MONDAY, the
7th day of May, 1900, to pay the delinquent as-
sessment, together with costs of advertising
and expenses of sale.
By order of the Board of Directors .
L. SCHUMACHEK, Secretary.
Office— No. 320 Sansome street, Room 4, San
Francisco California.- •■•..• S-18-td,
POSTPONEMENT.
. The date of delinquency of the foregoing as-
sessment, No. 4, has been postponed to Tues-
day, the 15th day of May, WOO, and the day of
sale to Friday, the Bth day of Juno, 1900. :
By order of the Board of Directors
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary
Office — 330 Sansome street Room 4, San
Francisco, California. ' -•••:.•"*•..' -
N^otice
"VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT A
.131 . special meeting of tho Stockholders of the
Jackson Gold Mining and Milling Company
will be held at tbe oftlce of the Secretary, Kay
Building, Jackson, on Saturday, June 16, 1900,
at 8 o'clock p. m.
WILL A. NEWCUM, Secy.
Jackson Gold Mining and Milling Co.
Charles Peteks. President. .- 5-11-6t
•■ Notice for Publication."! ?
TIMBER LAND. ACT JUNE 3, 1878. •" - j iJ
United States Land Office;
. Sacramento. California, March a, 1900.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT IN
compliance with the provisions of the act of
Gongress of June 3, 1878, entitled "An act for
the sale of timber lands in tbe States of Califor-
nia, Oregon, Nevada, and Washington Terri-
tory," as extended to all the Public Land States
by act of August 4. 1892, Walter S. Kirkwood, of
Jackson, county of Amador, State of California,
has this day Hied in this office his sworn state-
ment No. 1580, for the purchase of the NWM of
NEH of Section No. 32 in Township No. 10 N
Range No. 17 E. M. D. M., and will offer proof to
show that the land sought is more valuable for
its timber or stone than for agricultural pur-
poses, and to- establish his claim to said land
before the Register and Receiver of this office
at Sacramento, California, on Monday, tho 4th
day of June, 1900,
He names as witnesses: George A. Kirkwood
of Jackson.Cal., P. O.; A. Yoak, of Jackson, Cal.,
P. O.; William E. Kellogg, of Jackson, Cal.. P.
O. ; Edward E. Cramer of Stockton, Cal., P. O.
Any and all persons claiming adversely the
above-described lands are requested to file their
claims in this otllce on or before said 4th day of
June, 1900. Silas Penry,
3-30- lOt ... Register.
••••••••••
•■■ ■ . .• ■. : ■ ■ -
' ' S ■ T^r* 2-
• x&?J - • '
••••••••• •••••••••
MHEEHIEI
••••••••••••••••••••••••••
JACKSON. CAL. «
Basement of the Webb Building
' •
Everything New, Neat and
Clean .
MEALS SERVED AT ALL HOURS
THE BEST •
THE MARKET
AFFORDS
' . ALWAYS
ON HAND
Guests treated with consideration and re-
spect at all times.
Best Liquors and Cigars at the Bar
A. GAGRE and A. TAKAZ.
| CREMATION J
5 Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association S
San Francisco, California. j§j
6 (f deceased was a member of any organ £3
JSj ization having a presiding officer and £■
A secretary, the charge for cremation, a zg
Q copper receptacle for the ashes and or- -g
Sj Ban service is $30. The same for mem- X
jSJ; bers of the family of such deceased. «
U George B. Fletcher, Supt. ?|
Abstracts of Mining Properties a Specialty.
Prompt Attention and Accurate Information
given to Letters of Inquiry
GEO: I. WRIGHT
CONVEYANCER AND
SEARCHER of RECORDS
Plats, Tracings and. Blue Prints made
to order, showing locations of any sur-
veyed land in Amador County.
The only set of Abstract Books in Amador
: '. : ' County .(Property System.)
JACKSON, - - - AMADOR CO., CAL.
*-Ht p, o. BOX H
\M -i
ill. ;;■ •■■':.:•. ; imp^rm f vimmmn.m
p&;iji -;r; r If you want staple .! footwear jar cost, ;f§
Up ! 4* ' l* ne U P with those who are buying of ;"M
§;f,j j Peterson. This is positively a closing ! Iff
§S<>ifo j! ou t sale and no fake. ; J||
f' c# 4* 1 1 Shelving, Fixtures, etc., will be for sale \
*£ |j after stock is sold. k ■:?<■,■/} ;■: r > ,^r'. !i|
|| ■% II mWM ?•• PETERSON, Jackson; ii
rf" Union StaWesIgLOBE^XHOT^L
«4«mU under Webb Hall ••?*:.' T . ,
MAIN STREET - - JACKSON, CAL. Corner Main and Court Streets
JACKSON, CAL. . . ,-,
*"" '. Ml JfEWMAF, Prop. , c. r ANDERSON : : Pf oprlctor
The Stable equipped with first-class stoeh FirSt-CIaSS in Pvprv Peciw*
and vehicles. Suitable rigs for Commercial .^*aSS in JiVery. KeSpeCt
travelers with trunks. " ■
;.. S peelalAtte«tlo»p,,d' * ES^r^K
: . nected with the house. . The very best of ser-
* to Transient Stock. vice guaranteed to patrons. -,-^
Large stable and yard for use of teamsters. «ood Meals. 23 Cents. ; ,
Telegrams answered free of cost. . 2-23-tf — '
ANTONERATTO , PLYMOUTH-JACKSON
Carpenter and Contractor DAILY STAGE LINE
X^r?ad P wT P i^^ daresB ?! riegM^' JOHN STEINER. '- Proprietor
- • " .. - )' ■■' ■■-"
*f t fc* •} ' ." i <'_'•.'.'-. '-'- *_ i -_*_ - ,- , _'
spring and Summer Goods
'. ■■ ■ . . iSg ■ ' . :•• :■•:••-' .- ; .
. Silk Waist Patterns, 'V'-i-i. if-..'
. Corded ;TaflEetas ;;!:■
Glavinovich Corded Madras
. : - d EALE * s . in Fancy^Dry Good Notions
. '■'■■'■ Organdies " "
;: /■ .6EIEUL IER6UIBIK Dimitris 9
jackson. Percales
Ladies' and Gents Footwear
Straw, Crash and Feltr Hats
W 4». A full line of Children and
A^H. KUHUHAN
Contractor and Builder
Will do work in. any part of
Amador County. If you want
to build, send a note to Jackson
Postoffice and I will call on you.
. . Estimates furnished without cost
on any kind of building. , Will
make plans and specifications for
you. mar2tf
A. LIEBHARDT
UPHOLSTERER AND GARPETLAYER
Water Street, Jackson
PARLOR SUITS LOUNGES AND MAT,
tresses made to order and repaired. Car
pets taken up and relaid.
: l # a. keint :
I Blacksmith J
• Wagonmaker and •
• Horseshoer^* Z
2 /CARRIAGE PAINTING AND GEN- S
Z \_j eral Smithing attended to with dis- Z
Z paten at reasonable rates. Wharfl's old Z
Z stand. South Main street, Near National Z
Z, Hotel, Jackspn. . . ■ Z
Peek's^flllli
* ..." . ■ * ■ ■
c Choice lots in this sightly Addition
for sale on terms to suit your own
sack. Buy at once and secure • the
best. This is the coming Nob Hill
of Jackson.
W. P ? Pesk, (hyner, Jackson,
|.^0n0.., ,- 1
y- f Middlings, . ;\\
:f W. Rolled Barley 4
% Mixed Feed %
•^r . +£
m f Pine and Redwood Lumber > ►
J f Dressed and Rough Shingles > >
<&. Shakes and Laths > ►
£ ■ ; . . ... £ ■WORK AT CENTRAL EUREKA
Machinery for the Altaite
Mine.
P BUNGH OF RICH ROCK FOUND AT THE GWIN
The Commodore Cleanup Beyond Ex
pectations. — Tunneling at the
Central Eureka— Sutter Creek-
| A new hoist is in process of erection
at the Central Eureka mine. ; Work on
the mill is also in progress*. In the
meantime rock is being crushed at the
Zeila mill that will go about $100 to the
ton. Supt. Thomas is carrying out his
plans in a mo.-t efficient and satisfac
tory manner.
Booth Eureka— Sutter Creek.
At the South Eureka mine a new
hoist is being built and other necessary
are making. : .
Bunker Hill— Amador City.
The old shaft of the Bunker Hill
mine, which is about 300 feet deep, has
been cleaned out to a depth of 350 feet,
and the work Is going forward at the
rate of about 100 feet a month. If this
mine does not eventually make a good
dividend payer, some of the best judges
of mining property In Amador county
will be at fault. ' It Is considered a sure
shot.
Altaite— Amador.
Preparations are making to sink on
the Altaite property without delay. A
seven-horse power engine has been
purchased of the Alma company and
will Deinstalled on the Altaite property
within a few days.
Owin— Calaveras County.
Some rich rock has been found in
the Gwin mine at the 1200 level, just
above the old stupes of the 1400 level
In the old works. This particular sec
tion of the mine is known as the
"Klondike" owing to its phenomenal
richness. Goos average ore Is also
being found at the 1600 level in the
Lincoln— Butter Creek.
During the month of April the 1200
level at the Lincoln mine has been ex
tended in a westerly direction seventy
five feet, making the total distance of
the crosscut from the center of the
shaft 258 feet, which would be 201 feet
west of the foot wall timbers. The
south crosscut west of the 500 foot
level has been extended fifty-two feet,
making the total distance west of the
shaft 398 feet. Preparations are mak
ing to resume work In the north cross
cut to the west where pay ore was en
countered, .and ore will be extracted
and worked in a neighboring mill.
Peerless— Jackson.
?The Peerless Bhaft is down about
220 feet and the vein still continues to
be about five feet thick. The hanging
wall has assumed its regular pitch to
the east of 73 degrees and the shaft
has been turned to follow the. vein In
its regular course. The rock Is of good
character and carries some gouge.
CALAVERAS COUNTY-
Prospect: The sale of the Veritas, or
what is better known as the Fellow
craft mine, under an execution issued
to C. Tiscornia, which was to have
taken place last Wednesday, j has been
postponed. Albert M. Armstrong, of
the law firm of Kinley & Armstrong,'
attorneys for the Veritas people, came
up Tuesday night, and Wednesday
effected the postponement. They had
previously obtained an injunction out
of Judge Belcher's court, restraining
the sheriff from selling the stock,' and
on representations that the money
would be forthcoming to satisfy, the
.claim against the mine,, secured .the
postponement of the sale of the per
sonal till the 11th inst. Mr. Kinley,
the other member of the firm, is • now
in the east trying to raise the money,
with good prospects of success. ■
The bullion shipment from the Utica
this month looked like old times again.
Two big boxes, ea*h a good load for
two men, went out on the Valley Spring
stage and two armed messengers went
along to see that no inquisitive strang
ers interferred with the contents.
The crushing of 200 tons of rock from
the Commodore mine in the Ford ( mill
was completed this week and the plates
cleaned up. Mr. Clary, the superin
tendent, is not disposed to discuss the
result more than to say that it is
highly satisfactory. He cannot tell
what the next step will be till tho result
hasboen placed before the owners and
their decision rendered. It is probable
however, that extensive changes will
be made in the shaft and that work
may be suspended in the mine a few
days pending these repairs.
Citizen: Hugh McSorley has a double
shift pf men working at the Camanche
Company's mine, near Camanche, and
is sinking as fast as possible. ' After
going down aboul fifty feet further
bedrock will be struck. The new
pump recently put in the mine is' keep-
Ing the inflow of water under control.
Will Gray informs us that the company
is after a channel that has never been
worked, and big results are expected
as soon as that has been reached. .'
The Ford Mining Company has had
hauled and piled at the works several
hundred cords pf wood.
Eastern capitalists are trying to • in?
duce Charles G. Fair to bond to them
the long idle Crystal mine of Angels.
- The Lightner Mining Company of
Angels has recently put in a thousand
foot wire cable and two 1200-pound
sheaves.
Chronicle: The ten-stamp mill at the
Berdina quartz mine was started last
- Monday and everything was found to
work in a very satisfactory manner.
The mill is run by steam, the machinery
in propelled by a twenty-flye hprse T
'power «sgh», G» A. Rice is the' mill
man. " Although the mill is equipped
with only ten stamps for the present,
it is so constructed that as many more
may -be 4 added as\nay" lx» "found to be
necessary, without any material change
in tho present construction. The ledge
is a very large one, being from eighty
io one hundred feet in width — a quarry
ing jproposition-^-therev, being a • veri
table mountain of quartz, all good mill
ing rock. The ore contains from 15 to
20 per cent of sulphurets which assays
well. A blanket plant for saving the
sulphurets will at present be used.
About . ten. men are now employed
but we understand that twenty or
thirty will shortly be put on and the
force augmented as the work pro
gresses.; W. W. Cook, one of the
most experienced miners In this locality
is superintendent, under the manage
ment of J. K. Carpenter.
The Berdina is undoubtedly a good
mine and its successful operations will
stimulate mining In Campo Seco dis
trict.
A number of men were put to work
on the Giuff r a- mine west of town, last
Tuesday,' sinking - a ■ two-compartment
shaft. Col. Robinson who has a two
year, bond on tho Giuff ra mine and
mill, also has' a working bond on the
Wesson mine which adjoins the Giuffra.
Preparations are being made to start
this latter mine up this week. The
quartz will be hauled to .the Giuffra
mill and a test made of one hundred
tons. If found to pay, a T iron track
1000 feet in length, will be put down,
connecting the mine with tho mill.
The Blue Rock is a quartz mine
situated at the foot of Sailor gulch,
about one-half mile'up"" the river from
the South Fork bridge on the road
from Glencoe^to.. .West Point. It is
owned and worked by Messrs. M. Deni
son and J. E. Wilson. It is a tunnel
proposition and shows a heavily sul
phureted. ledge twenty-five inches in
width. Owing to its rebellious nature
the ore will be shipped to Selby's for
reduction. The ore near the surface is
of a honey -combed, free-milling charac
ter and will be milled here. This mine
is below the granite belt and is In a
slate formation.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
New Era: The Laurel mine lies
half a mile north of Arastraville and is
owned by B. ' Fowles, though held
under bond by a San Francisco com
pany. Last June it was equipped with
a powerful Park & Mason steam hoist
and an air compressor made by the
Compressed Air Machine Company of
San Francisco. At the same time un
derground ""operations were begun.
The main shaft is down 220 feet, at
which point sinking was discontinued,
twenty feet of the working left for
sump room and a level established at
200 feet,* from which point a ] drift has
been run south twenty feet. The vein
thus far has averaged fourteen inches
in thickness and its value fully satisfies
the interested parties. From this drift
a crosscut is ' being driven to tap the
Dead Dog vein, which was once an in
dividual location, but is now part of
the Laurel. The crosscut is expected to
expose several minor gold-bearing
veins before reaching the objective
Dead Dog. '" Number 1 level, 100 feet
from the surface, has a length of
eighty-five feet and is being hurried
forward] as fast; as miners can break
ground to cut a rich shoot of ore dis
covered by Mr. Fowles twenty-five
years ago. j This quartz body will be
reached in about twenty-five feet more
drifting.' The Laurel is being develop
ed under the superin tendency of J. W.
Richards, of Soulsby ville, who - has at
present eleven men employed. • A mill
will probably be erected on the mine
some time during the coming fall.
Independent: The Rising Sun mine
is in operation, steadily developing,
with good prospects. They are getting
oat ore for crushing which will be done
as soon as the Little Beauty rock is
run through their mill.
Ben - and Tom Soulsby are getting
the North Fork mine into shape, clean
ing out the shaft which was filled in by
the last contractor.
"Altogether this district, consisting of
the vicinity of Arastraville, is looking
batter than for many years with more
men employed." I The mines there have
good facilities for' water power. There
are several . good prospects being de
veloped with favorable rasults.
At the Wheal Perrin at Soulsby ville
the work of clearing the mine of water
has been commenced. A gasolene en
gine has been placed in position to do
the pumping.
In the neighborhood of Summers
ville considerable development work is
being done.
Sinking is in progress at the old
Platt mine on the Hawkin's ranch. A
gasolene , engine , operates the hoist.
They have some rich sulphureted ore.
' 'At" the" mine ' on~*the Dan ' Berger
ranch, eight* men are employed. A
mill is being erected and everything
looks promising about the property.
The Green mine has been unwatered
and extensive preparations for develop
ment made. A. L. Moore is superin
tendent. The San Francisco company
which own the mine have also pur
chased several adjacent properties, .
Democratic Banner: The Ready gold
mine in the Buchanan district is for
sale. .-. Owing to the ill health of the
owner he Is unable to operate the prop
erty and because of that places it upon
' The 'tunnel at the Melones mine,
Robinson ' Ferry, ' is in 2,700 feet. It
will be continued until it reaches 4,300,
when the ledge will be encountered.
The pay qre is f p.rty feet wide and runs
from $5 up.
■...■.;■'■■-
Episcopal Servioei.
Divine service will be held in Masonic
Hall i- on Sunday, - May « l3th, at 11
o'clock a. m. by William Tuson, Rector.
In the afternoon Rev. Tuson will con
duct services at Sutler Creek at 3
o'clock.- _W. '•', '■■'-
J. I. Carson, Prothonotary, Washington, Pa.,
says, "I have round Kodol Dyspepsia Cure an
excellent remedy in case of stomach trouble,
and have derived great benoflt from its use.'!
It digests' what you eat and cannot fail to cute.
CUj Pharmacy,
THE AMADOB LEDGER; JACKSON, CALITOBKIA, FRIDAY. MAY 11, 1900.
THE SUPERVISORS CONVENE
The Business of the County
Discussed.
BIDS ARE RECEIVED AND CONTRACTS AWARDED
Sheriff IT. S. Gregory Will Have A
New Typewriter In His - .
Jackson, May 7, 1900.
Regular, meeting of Board of Super
visors of Amador county, held this 7th
day of May, 1900, and following pro
ceedings are had:
Roll call. Present— A. B.McLaugh
lin, chairman; P. Dwyer, J. T, Clifton,
M. Brinn, Fred B. LeMoin.
Minutes of last regular meeting are
read and approved. ;:■ -^
Following claims are examined, ap
proved, allowed and ordered paid out
of the various funds as follows:
CURRENT EXPENSE FUND.
J. T Clifton, mileage .: ......I 280
C. P. Viclni, traveling expenses 4 CO
Amador E. R. & L. Co., electric lights. . . 4 80
A B. McLaughlin, mileage 3 80
Geo. F. Mack, deputy Assessor US 00
C. L. Culbert, clerk's fees guardian 060
Morris Brinn, mileage 80
E. Roberts, burial indigent person 25 00
Geo. A. Gordon, traveling expenses 71 75
Fred B. LeMoin. mileage 2 00
Chas. W. Palm Co.. citation book 3 00
W. E. Downs, witness fees 1 90
C. P. Viclni, clerk's fees in guardianship
matter : 6 00
L. &M. Alexander, repairs to typewriter 100
Sunset T. & T. Co., telephone Sheriff's
office 8 55
Jackson Gaslight Co., gas 4 20
F. W. Parker, night watchman 10 U)
Sunset T & T. Co.. telephone service 5 75
Bancroft, Whitney Co.. law books 19 50
J. E.Barnes, printing..- 8 00
E. Ginocchio & lira., supplies 8 80
Glavinovich & Parker, supplies 5 05
Geo. A. Grit ton, coroner fees 52 00
U. S. Gregory, board for prisoners 102 50
P. Kelly, constable fees 34 00
Wm. Going, janitor 80 00
Capital T. &T. Co., telephone service ... 4U)
S. G Spagnoll, postage and rev. stamps. ; 23 35
Dr. E. E. Endicott. health officer 50 00
J. H. Langhorst, repairing two clocks 5 00
Hiram Deacon, witness fees 1 90
Edw. Thompson Co., law books 8 00
Jennie Bawden, wltnebs fees 3 40
J. E. Barnes, printing 5 00
E. G. Freeman, stationery 7 35
U. S. Gregory, guarding prisoners 9 00
Steve Ferrari, removing dead horse 5 00
Sunset T. &T. Co., telephone service 2 50
H. Goldner, justice fees 24 00
Amador County Pub. Co., printing 15 50
Amador Dispatch, printing 131 50
C. A. Stirnaman, rebate on taxes 2 70
Geo, I. Wright, plats from Land Office. . . 42 00
Geo. I. Wright, mapping 3UO 00
HOSPITAL FUND.
E. Ginocchio & Bro, lumber . . .-. 46 45
Butterfleld & Kent, coffins 25 00
Wm. Schroder, digging graves, etc 14 00
W. E. Kent, wood 25 45
Mrs. J. T. Turner, washing 8 00
J. E. Kelley , conveying patient 5 00
Mrs. A. Church, " - 300
Amador E. Ry. & L. Co., elxctrlc lights. . S 30
Maggie Fleming, cook .25 00
Glavinovich & Parker, clothing 1485
Mrs. R. F. Allen, matron 39 00
E. G. Freeman, supplies 4 00
Jackson Gaslight Co., gas 3 50
Thomas & Eudey , meats 81 00
R. F. Allen, Supt 75 00
Thomas & Eudey. live Hog Xi 150
Dr. E. E. Endicott, physician 60 00
J. Oneto, vegetables 4 35
Glavinovich & Parker, provisions 103 88
A. B. Caminetti, fish 15 10
Wm. Hanley, conveying patient 4 00
Wm. Lee, •' •?";■ 5 00
Fredßabb, '•.. , " ■ 400
SALARY FUND.
A. B. McLaughlin, road commissioner. . . :25 00
Fred B. LeMoin, " •• ... 25 00
J.T.Clifton, >•■ ;■■'■;■;• ... 25 00
Morris Brlnn, " '• 2 m'ths 50 00
P. Dwyer, " " ... 25 00
ROAD FUND.
E. Ginocchio & Bro., supplies R. D. 1 13 75
p Dwyer, labor R. D. 1 618 65
A* B. McLaughlin. labor R. D. 3.... 317 95
J. T. Clifton, labor R. D. 2.... 225 71
Fred B. LeMoin, labor R D. 5 239 OU
Albert Pigeon, labor R. D. 3.... 93 00
E. Ginocchio &Bro., supplies. R. D. 1 48 15
BRIDGE FUND.
E. Ginocchio & Bro., lumber 66 61
A. B. McLaughlin, bridge work 10 0B
Fredß. LeMoin, bridge work 12 75
SPECIAL ROAD FUND. .
M. Brinn, labor, lone and Jackson road . . 204 00
J. T. Clifton, 32 00
Claim of N. Radovich for $18 clerk's
fees is laid over until next meeting.
Criminal returns from Justice Courts
of H. Goldner, W. S. Coombs and J.
H. Giles are approved by-tho Board.
Reports of Health Officer, County
Physician and County Treasurer ap
proved. N.
Quarterly report of Auditor | and
Treasurer approved.
- Proof of publication of Ordinance is
made to the Board. ■ *
Application of G. D. Calvin for way
side liquor license. Application granted.
Application of Jas. E. Hall for retail
liquor license. Application granted.
Application of Daniel Beem for way
side liquor license. Application granted.
Bids for provisions, clothing, meats,
wood and stationery are opened.
E. Ginocchio & Bro. awarded con
tract for provisions upon filing bond of
$2000.
Glavinovich & Parker awarded con
tract for clothing upon filing bond of
$500.
Robt. I. Kerr awarded contract for
stationery upon filing bond of $1000. .
Thomas & Eudey awarded contract
for meats upon filing bond of $1000.
Batista Previtall awarded contract
for wood upon filing bond of $500,
Wood to be delivered on or before
October Ist, 1900.
Bids for delinquent tax list, 1899.
Edwin C. Rust bids 50c per" square for
first insertion and 25c per square for
each subsequent publication.
Contract awarded to Edwin C. Rust
upon filing bond of $200.
Printing rates for year 1900 are es
tablished the same as of the year 1899.
Prices on record books are establish
ed the same as of the year 1899. j, , -
Mpvod, seconded and carried that
James Lowery bo granted permission
to construct 'a shed across the main
road in Pine Grove, the same to in no
way interfere with the traveling public.
Moved, seconded and carried that
Sheriff U. S. Gregory be granted per
mission to purchase a new type-writer
and exchange the old one in his office.
Following resolution is presented by
Supervisor LeMoin, who moves,, its
adoption:
Resolved, That the office of County
Health Officer bo declared vacant anfl
that the said office be abolished. The
same to take effect immediately,
Matter laid over until next regular
meeting.
Adjourned until Tuesday May Bth,
1900.
Board convenes this Bth day of May,
1900, all its members present, and the
following proceedings are had:
WARRANTS CANCELLED.
School Fund $ 3877 S9
Current Expense Fund 1792 44
Hospital Fund 421 42
Salary Fund.. .............■.....•:.:.:..;. 1998 97
Tqta1...... , | 800} 7i
Count; Auditor is ordered to trans
fer $414.15 flora General Road Fund to
Road District fund No. 4, being road
poll taxes 1898. \•• "■>
Moved that County Auditor be or
dered, to,. transfer $300 from General
Road Fund to Road District Fund No.'
3, the same to be used in, repairing 7 the
Silver Lake road.
Carried following vote: Ayes —
Clifton, Brinn and Le
Aloin. Noes — Dwyer.
Moved and seconded that County
Clerk" Culbert enter into a contract
with Parcells-Greenwood Co. for cer
tain new 'office furniture for his office
to consist of 295 document files and 113
book shelves, and all. necessary repairs
for the Bum of $977.50. ' •
Carried by a unanimous vote.
Ordered ' that record of certain as
sessment and mortgage of G. B. Botto
and N. Levaggi be corrected. •
Adjourned. :
To Pay Off the Church Debt.
Rev. P. A. Morrow is a hustler, if
we may be permitted to use that .ex
pressive word in connection with--gen
tlemen of his calling. He is, trying to
raise money enough to lift the church
debt, which has been dragging along
for some years, and he will do it. He
has raised during the present, week
fully one-third of the sum required,
and it is reasonable to. suppose; that a,
person of his .determination and .zeal
will keep at the good. work until the
very last dime has been secured. We
are pleased to note that several of our.
wealthy citizens have contributed to
the fund and that others have signified
a willingness to do so We believe it
Is the intention ' of Rev. Morrow to
raise enough money, now that he is at
it and warmed to the work, to pay otf
the debt and repaint the church. This
we trust will be done for if there is any
building in the county that needs- a
coat of paint,' and that right speedily,
it is the Methodist church'; of Jackson.
Those who are able should promptly
respond to "Rev: Morrow's ; invitation
to assist, and deem it a privilege to do
Start I For!' Alaska.
. Next '.JSaturdayTbr, Sunday a , number
of Amador county. gentlemen will start
far ' Soloman : River, Alaska, . bent on
accumulating that substance, the love
of which the good book says is the ' 'root
of all evil." Well, no one can blame
them for striving, after a little of. the
"root, '" for it appears to have a vast deal
of influence on . this mundane sphere.
Gentlemen, ' ~;tho>' : .;Ledger','s. sincerely
wishes you a comfortable fortune each.
The " gentlemen preferred, to 'are from
Pine :■ Grove,*? namely ; ;,' Alec < Adams,
James Hamilton," John-Werly,' John
Lowrj, all hardy men capable of hold-
Ing their own in any camp in the frozen
north. At Stockton they, will be join
ed by the Boggs brothers, ." which will
complete the party. , : : .~:
Give This Matter .. Due i Thought.
.To those thoughtful and business
like subscribers, who have kindly re
sponded with cash to our request for
the payment of subscriptions long past
due, we hereby extend thanks. Let
others follow this good example. Bear
In mind that If you are not prepared to
pay the full amount due, that a. partial
payment will be thankfully received
and duly credited, a receipt for the
same being promptly sent to the re
mitter. Let us hear from many more
this month. Kindly give the matter
due consideration and send in. some
thing without fail.
A Pioneer Sows.
About three . o'clock last - Saturday
afternoon, one pf the shade trees in
front of tho Odd Fellows' building, on
Main street, quietly took a fall without
any provocation whatever. There was
a farm-team hitched to the tree at the
time, but both animals were asleep and
the fall of the tree barely aroused
them. The old pioneer land mark
simply got tired of standing, and laid
down. Sensible old fellow. It had the
good sense to retire when there was no
crowd about, thus preventing, prob
ably, a fatal accident. "./;;;
Directors'" Meeting.
A regular meeting of the Directors of
the Peerless. Gold Mine Development
Company was held in the Company's
office, .Brown building, Court street,
Monday afternoon, May 7th, at 2 p. m.
President E. ■ Ginocchio presided.
Minutes of last meeting read and ap
proved. Bills for the month of April
were audited and ordered paid. The
weekly and monthly reports of
Superintendent Osborne, read and
placed on file. Pay role of mine for
April apprpved and ordered paid, Call
No. 7 was made. The Secretary, Geo.
W. Brown, was instructed to . insure
the property at the mine, including
wood and lumber. Adjourned. . ...
Schools Close.
■-. The following schools closed last
month as follows:
Union April 26
Grapevine " 27
Amador City. 7... " 27
Willow Springs " 27
New York Ranch V " 27
Among the schppls. thst wjll close
this mouth are;
Lancha Plana May 4
Carbondale . " i 4
Aetna..- ;....•.:..".... " 11
Middle Bar " 11
Volcano " 11
Plymouth " 18
Slate Creek. " 25
Buena Vista " 25
Mount Echo. r. " 25
Your Voting Precinct.
Fellow Republican voters, have you
registered? If so, dp ypu knpw tp
what precinct ypu helßng? No doubt
the majority pf voters know all about
it, but there may be some who are not
exactly clear on the subject. To those
who have any doubt whatever let
them at once go to the County Clerk's
office and settle the question beyond
peradventure. Don't delay. Attend
to the matter at once.
Card of Thanks.
To the kind friends who assisted us
during the sickness and burial pf pur
spn Herbert, we take this means pf
expressing pur heartfelt thanks.
Mr. and Mrs,. W. H. Vela
AND FAMILY,
A FEW LOCAL NEWS NOTES
Items Picked Up Around the
Town.
HIS HAND WAS BADLY BURNED WITH A ROPE
The Odd Fellows Crematory.— Mrs. F.
Fence a Delegate to the Eeb
ekah Grand Lodge.
lone flour is Peerless.
W. T. Cain went below Wednesday
morning. .
If .you want good bread, buy only
Peerless flour. 3-16-tf
. Geo. W. Brown visited Stockton the
first of the week. • .
Mrs.- Weller's for style and beauty in
hats and dresses.' ' 5-4-tf J
: ' Mrs. C. R. . Renno, is recovering
from a severe illness.
• Mrs^Weller employes the only city
milliner in town. ... . 5-4-tf ;
! Pioneer FLOUR always has been
and stifl is the best: : 4-6tf* ■
Julius Chichizola; of ,Amador City,
was in town Wednesday.
If you want swell hats, go to the city
trimmer at Mrs. Weiler's. ' 5-4-tf
Mrs. B. ~F. ..Taylor returned from
Sacramento a week ago to-day.
Give us daily some good bread. Pio
neeP:Flour makes the best. 4-6-tf*
C. Navas of Angels has accepted a
position at the Atnador Queen No. 2.
Got' your measure taken for a fine
$10 shit, at the White House. 2 23-tf j
Wm. Hennessy of San Jose, is visit
ing his brother-in-law A. F. Peterson.
Pioneer Flour is the "Lily of the
Valley," the '.'Pearl of Perfection." i*
- James Mortimer, the artistic sign
painter, returned from Oleta last week,
Jackson Cash Grocers carry the fresh
est crackers and fancy cakes. 4-6-1 m
• Mr.' H. F. Vogt was in town Wednes
day and made the Ledger a prime
A virulent type of la grippe seems to
be prevalent in . various sections of the
Coast.'
The cheapest place to buy your gro
ceries is of the Jackson Cash Gro
cers. •■', •'. 4-6-lmo
The printing of the delinquent tax
list was awarded to I the Amador Dis
patch. , ::• V
Robert I. Kerr secured the contract
for furnishing stationery to the county
officials. '
lone Flour Mill is a home industry
and makes the .best flour. Why not
patronize it? 3-16-f t
Mrs. Dr. A. M. Gall went to Stockton
last Tuesday with her mother, Mrs. £.
B. Robertson.
i Mrs. Oscar Reichling returned from
a several week's visit with relatives in
Chico, last Tuesday. . '
W. E. Kent, a delegate to the Grand
Lodge I. O. O. F., went to San Fran
cisco last Sunday morning.
• Mrs. A. F. Peterson and children,
Olga and the baby, went to San Jose
last Saturday to visit relatives.
D.McCall, of lone, handles all kinds of
lumber. "He will figure" with you on
your lumber bills. Amador Mills. 5-4tf
The St, Augustine Guild will meet at
the residence of Mrs. E. C. Rust next
Wednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Two tonsorial artists to wait upon
you at the Globe Shaving Parlor, a few
doors north of Globe Hotel. 4-20-lf
Mrs. ! Fotheringham of Fail-field,
Solano county, mother of Mrs. James
S. Hammond, is the guest of the latter.
Mrs., Henry Osbqrne started for
England .this week to visit relatives.
She will be absent for several months.
1 A new line of wallpaper, of the latest
patterns, can be had at the White
House at San Francisco prices. 2-16-tf
The Native Daughters are as busy as
bees preparing for the Grand Parlor,
which will meet here on the 14th of
June. - :
W. E. Darrow returned from a visit
with his family at Sonora, last week.
He rejoices in the recent arrival at his
home of son and heir.
First-class bathing accommodations
at the Globe Shaving Parlor, Sangui
netti Building, North Main street. V.
A- Marini, proprietor.. 4-20-tf
"Arot you a "man or a monkey?"
Evening subject at M. E. church, May
13th., : -Morning subject— "Breaking up
the home circle."
•Fifty pieces of light figured calico,
spring, styles, new patterns, at 5 cents
per ya>3, at the White House. 2-16-tf
J. H;" Ringer of lone,; was at the
county neat on business on Friday of
last week and favoYed the Ledger
with a friendly call.
James" S. Hammond of the" Ken
nedy is ' nursing a pretty sore hand,
caused by a slight abrasion, aggravated
by a second injury in the same place.
At the White House new arrivals of
goods and special sale. Ten dozen
ladies' ventilated corsets, at 25 cents
each. 4-6tf
Read the advertisements in the
Ledger and thus catch on to the
places -where the purchaser gets full
value for the money invested,
Mrs. Annie E. Briggs of Holllster, is
tho guest of her sister, Mrs, Wm. M,
Penry. Mrs. Briggs was raised here
and knows most of the old settlers,
Ladies' wrappers, of all the latest
patterns, and a great variety to select
from — from 75c up— at the White
House. . • 4-6tf
Mrs. F. A. Voorheis, landlady of the
New National, returned yesterday from.
San Francisco, where she h^s enjoyed
a pleasant visit with friends.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Associ
ation of San Francisco makes th,e fol
lowing- Special annquneerrient. If the
deceased was a member of any organi
satlon having a presiding officer or sec.
retary, the charge for cremation, cop
per receptacle for the ashes and
organ service is $30. ; | The same for
members of the family of such deceased.
For Oregon pine, mountain pine and
redwood lumber, dressed or rough, ad
dress D. McCall lone. 5-11-tf
The Methodist Episcopal Sunday
School will hold the annual picnic Sat
urday, 26th, inst. . Further notice in
next week 's issue.
Mrs. Hepburn, who has mining in
terests here," ; accompanied by her
mother," Mrs. Clarke, arrived from
Chicago last Sunday. -." ; ' ';
Miss Kate C aval or o, who went to
San Francisco to- consult an occulist
some ten days ago, returned Tuesday.
The consultation was quite satisfactory.
For a clean shave or a stylish, hair
cut, goto the Globe Shaving . Parlor.
North Main street. V. A. Marini,
proprietor, i i 4-20-tf
Dr. Blalsdel, of Mokelumne Hill, in
tends to devote some time to the study
of insect life in Alaska. ,' He will prob
ably go to that country In a few weeks.
- Mrs. " Frank Pence and . daughter,
Miss May, went to San Francisco Sat
urday, May sth. Mrs. Pence Is a dele
gate to the Grand Lodge of Rebekahs.
The most elegant line of ladies' shirt
waists—a very large assortment ' to se
lect from, and the latest effects— from
50c up, at the White House. 4-6tf
W. A. J. Edinger, assistant superin
tendent of. construction, Standard
Electric Co., has rented the Piccardo
house, and will make Jackson his place
of abode for the present. ':-•>.".
Sidney Farrington of San Jose, ar
rived in this camp on Saturday of last
week and Is visiting Herbert Williams.
These young gentlemen expect to join
the Standard Electric Cos., force this
season. - : •
W. C. Hoss of Antelope was in town
Tuesday and Wednesday. From him
we learn .that the frost materially
injured the apple . crop and virtually
destroyed the peach and pear prospects
in bis neighborhood, -
Charles W. Trotter of Brooklyn,
N. V., has through his attorney, Hon.
John F. Davis, taken out execution
against the Elephantine mine, .near
Middle Bar. We call attention to the
notice of sale in another column.
The undersigned has three or four
very desirable . resident lots for sale.
Terms reasonable. ■- Call on or address
Mrs. E. Stasal,
5-11-5t - . Jackson, Cal.
Robert Powers, a devotee 'of the
"art preservative," and a good typo,
arrived from his home, i Santa Rosa,
one day last week. He was here just a
year ago and held cases on different
papers.
For thirty days longer the Annual
Clearance Sale. at /he Red Front will
continue. To those who have already
taken advantage of the splendid oppor
tunity no word Is necessary, but to
others wo suggest an early examination
of goods and prices. 5-4-tf
Mrs. Schabel of Newcastle, Placer
county, and daughter, Miss - Doretta,
are visiting Mrs. Charles Norton of
Sutter Creek. Mrs. Schabel taught
school in this county "for many years
and holds a\ ten-years' service certifi-
S. N. Spagnoll was holding the rope
halter of a horse that was being led
behind a vehicle in which he was rid
ing, when the animal halted suddenly,
the rope halter giving several of Spag
noli 's fingers a severe scorching.
Many a finger and thumb have been
taken off in this manner.
Our Loss; Stockton's Gain.
In the departure of Mrs. E. B.
Robertson to her new and commodious
home in Stockton, Jackson loses an
old and most highly respected citizen.
Mrs. Robertson has just completed a
fine home in the most fashionable dis
trict of Stockton which in future is to
be her home and that of her son. Mrs.
Robertson leaves a beautiful home here
which is to be occupied by a tenant
until such time as she decides to sell it.
For the last three weeks before her de
parture, Mrs. Robertson was quite ill
with the prevailing disease— la grippe,
but was mending rapidly when she left
on Tuesday morning. The best wishes
of the community go with her.
The Newman Failure.
In the matter of Geo. Newman and
his San Francisco creditors, oititaions
have been served on Mr. Newman and
several business men of this county to
appear here next Monday. The per
son who holds a deed for the lot and
store building— a lady who is a resident
of Tulare. county — has served notice
on the creditors to either pay rent or
take the attached goods out of her
building. -\- • v.
Had a Good Time.
The J. C. Club gave a dance in Love
Hall last Friday night. Repno's Or
chestra furnished the music. Owing
to. the disagreeable weather only a
small party was present, but neverthe
less they had a good time. At mid
night ice-cream and .cake were served.
Delegates to State Convention.
The delegates to the Republican
State Convention to be hold in 'Sacra
mento on the 15th instant are as fol
lows: Judge John F. Davis, delegate at
large, Hon. E. C. Voorheis, Will" A,
Newcum, F. M. Whitmore, Fred L.
Stewart, S, X, Thornton.
Uncalled-for Letters.
Letters remaining unclaimed in the
Jackson, Cal., Postoffice, for the week
ending May 11, 1900:
James Tretheway John Lasswell
John H. Edwards R. H. Smith
Supt. of Jackson Gate Mine
G. C. Folger, Postmaster.
Card of Thanks.
We wish to express cur gratitude to
all who so kindly assisted ua during the
last sickness and death of husband and
brother, John Luttrell; the neighbors
for their floral offerings; also, the choir
who rendered such beautiful music; to
a,H we extend our thanks.
Mattie Hipkins.
Pioneer, Cal., May 7, 1900.
THE LAWLESS ARE PUNISHED
Busy Month In the Justice
Courts.
SEVERAL CASES BEFORE THE SUPERIOR COURT
A Record of the Documents Recorded
In the County Recorder's
CRIMINAL RETURNS.
Justice Courts' Beturns Show a Greater Per
petration of Crime Than Usual. . .
H. GOLDNER, JUSTICE TO WNBHIP NO ONE.
People vs N. MoKail— Selling goods without
a license; guilty; fined 17.15. Costs 17.15.
' People vs John Green etal— Battery; guilty;
flnedsß. Costa M.!_•--.. !_•--.
People vs John Green et al— Battery; guilty;
fined 110. Costs 19.
People vs John Green et al— Battery; guilty;
Oned tlO. Costs IS. .
People vs John Sweeney — Petit larceny;
guilty, sent to jail for sixty dayt. Costs 17.15.
People v* Andrew Devlne-^Disturbtng the
peace; guilty; sent to Jail for ten days. Costs
17.15 . . :
People vs George Richards— Assault with In
tent to commit rape. Held to appear before
Superior Court. Costs 15.15.
People vs Mamie Bendewall— Disturbing the
peace; judgement suspended.' Costs 19.95.
People vs David Conway— Disturbing the
peace; guilty; sent to jail for ten days. Costs
17.15.
People vs Thomas Hogav— Vagrancy; guilty;
sent to jail for twenty days. Costs 17.15. ■ ■ ,-■
People vs William Dunn— Vagrancy; guilty;
sent to jail for ten days. ' Costs 17.15.
People vs Joseph Rossi— Obtaining property
under false pretenses; guilty. Costs 17.15. -
W. S. COOMBS, JCSTICS TOWNSHIP NO. TWO.
People vs Robert Mack— Battery; guilty;
fined $15. Costs 17.60.
People vs Robert Mack— Felony; discharged.
Costs 17.5 a
People vs Wah Lee— Carrying weapons; Oned
$10. Costsslo. : • ■ - ■
J. H. GILES, JUSTICE TOWNSHIP NO. FOCB.
People vs John Doe — Vagrancy; warrant
Issued. Costs 13.
People vs James Sharp— Petit larceny; war
rant issued. Costs 13.
People vs P. S. Goodman— Threatened offense ;
gave bond to keep peace. Costs $5.90.
People vs P. S. Goodman — Disturbing the
peace; guilty; fined $25. Costs 14.30. -
People vs James Graham— Vagrancy ; guilty;
sent to jail for thirty days. Costs 111.3 a
People vs J. H. Taylor et al— Peddling with
out a license; guilty; fined $15. Costs 112.80. .
People. vs John Murphy— Vagrancy; guilty;
sent to jail for thirty days. Costs $8.30.
People vs Eugene Wood— Vagranoy; guilty;
sent to jail for thirty days. Costs $13.30.
People vs Albert Hamberg— Disturbing the
peace; gave ball slo. Costs $5.30. « . '•; .
People vs Nettie Boe— Disturbing the peace;
gave ball $10. Costs $4.30. : ■■
People vs Caddy Bakewell— Disturbing the
peace; gave $10 bail. Costs $4.30.
People vs Jennie Roe— Disturbing the peace;
gave $10 bail. Costs $4 30.
People vs Mollie Williams— Disturbing the
peace; slo bail. Costss4.3o. - •» ■ ..;. '..
People vs Nellie Doe— Disturbing the peace;
gave $10 ball. Costs $4.30
People vs James Collins— Vagrancy; acquit
ted. Costs $5.30. v".V.-; ;
People vs James Hoskins— Battery; guilty;
fined slo. Costs $4.30. •' ,; • - ' ; -.: .
People vs John Raddatz— Maintaining a nui
sance; case dismissed. Costs $13.30.
People vs C. W. Burke— Vagranoy ; guilty; ac
quitted. Costs $4.30.
SUPERIOR COURT.
Lottie May Liddicoat vs William R. Liddl
coat—Action for divorce; trial partially had.
Estate of D. Madden— Order of sale of real es
tate, .r.. '.-■,. •.
Estate of Andrew Pasente— Order setting
aside property to widow. ■ . • ■ '■' .
Guardianship of Rita Weeks, a minor— Order
awarding custody of minor to Mrs. Mattie An
derson; citation issued.
Matter of the community, property of Maria
M. Ford, deceased, and R. M. Ford, surviving
husband— Petition for decree set for May 15th.
Estate of Joseph S. Ryan— Decree of dis
charge.
Estate of Elizabeth J. Me Wayne— W. S. Wey
mouth, Fred B. LeMoin and George Daniels ap
pointed appraisers.
Amador County vs W. S. Gilbert-Order sub
mitting motion for new trial.
Matter of the application of Natale Giovanni
Mareglia for an order changing his name to
Chris Marelia.— Order granted. .
E. Ginocchio et al vs John Juka Trial con
tinued. . ' "
Matter of the application of Delia B. Martell
to become a sole trader— Hearing had and ap
plication granted.
Estate of John B. Perano— Hearing on peti
tion to probate will. Testimony of subscribing
witness and applicant on probate of will taken.
Certificate of proof of will and facts found
made. Order admitting will to probate. Let
ters testamentary issued.
Estate of Simone Molflno— Order admitting
will to probate. Order of publication of notice
to creditors. S. G. Spagnoli, Wm. Going and
M. R. Sanders appointed appraisers.
Estate of V. J Van Doren— Bond of James L.
Barney, administratrix. Bled. Sureties— H. E.
Potter and E. S. Potter. Letters of adminis
tration issued. ' • • ; ■
Estate of James Speer-Decree establishing
notice to creditors, . . ■
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
DEEDS.
F. Chase to Blue Lakes Water Company-
Right of way; 11.
Chanmer Bros, to Blue Lakes Water Company
—Right of way; tl.
D. P. Oliver to Blue Lakes Water Company-
Right of way; |l. ,
W. Marchand to Blue Lakes Water Company
—Right of way ; tl. . - V. . »'•
W. Wallace to Blue Lakes Water Company —
Right of way; $75.
W. E. Stewart to Blue Lakes Water Company
—Right of way ; 1200.
L. Pacheco to Blue Lakes Water Company-
Right of way; tl.
P. Sawyer to Blue Lakes Water Company-
Right of way ; (1. .:•'■;::.■ £ -
M. Bearce to Blue Lakes Water Company-
Right of way ; (1.
J. Lofstad to Blue Lakes Water Company-
Right of way; tl.
E. Mehlert et al to Blue Lakes Water Com
pany—Right of way; tl.
R. Ballantine to Blue Lakes Water Company
—Right of way; 11.
T. Qolta et al to Blue Lakes Water Company
— Right of way; 11.
F. Serine to W. Angus— NW« of section 8,
township 7, N R l4 E ; 110.
Chas. Mast to G. Lucy ci al— lnterest in
Honolulu Lady Q. M. ; 1350.
A. C. Adams to O. L. Webster— Part of lot 1,
block 3, Pine Grove ; 1800.
J. Luttrell to N. Luttrell— Land in sections
21, 22 and 28; 11.
PATENT.
U. S. to D. Allan.
Cftrt of Thanks.
The daughters of the late William
Venn wish to return thanks to the
many friends who so kindly assisted
them during the last sickness and death
of their father, Mrs. R. L. Green,
Miss Mary Venn.
Plymouth, Cal., May 8, 1900.
"I think De Witt's Little Early Risers are the
best pills in the world," says W. E. Lake,
Happy Creek, Va. They remove all obstructions
of the liver and bowels, act quickly and never
{ripe. City Pharmacj.
a^edLical #
sMf. In.stit\a.te
. r"" : ;':\7— — - ; . '
THE AFFLICTED FROM ALL PARTS OF
California and the Paoine Coast are com-
ing dally to Sacramento to avail themselves of
Dr. Neagle's wonderfully successful treat-
ments. Dr. Neagle has devoted over thirty
years to the study and treatment of diseases ef
the eye, ear, head, throat and lungs and the
digestive organs. By his peculiarly successful
methods of treatment Dr. Neagle has gained an
enviable reputation for his skill in the cure of
such cases as have resisted the ordinary modes
of treatment.
Dr. Neagle and associates treat and cure all
Chronio Diseases and Diseases ot the Eye. Ear,
Throat and Lungs, Liver, Heart, Kidney, Blad-
der, Brain Catarrh, Asthma. Rheumatism,
Bronchitis. Headache, Deafness, Chills and
Malaria, Skin Diseases, Neuralgia, Diabetes.
Dyspepsia, Dropsy. Eczema, Scrofula. Chronio
Diarrhea. Hemorrhoids and Rectal Troubles,
and all forms of Sores, Blood and Wasting
Diseases. • . •
All private and wasting diseases promptly
cured and their effects permanently eradicated
from the system.
Diseases of women and children given special
attention. . »~~
Nervous diseases and nervous prostration
made a specialty. ■ .-• -• - .. .
. Symtom Blank No. 1 sent free.
Consultation, either at the Institute or by
mall, free and strictly confidential. -
OFFICE HOURS — 9 to 11 a. m., 2toB p. m.,
and 7toBp. m. SUNDAYS-10 to 12 a m.
Sacramento Sanitarium or Heajrte Insti-
tute located permanently at 724 MX St.. Sac-
ramento. 4-13-lm.
The Health Ojßee Question.
. While It is a fact that a health officer
Is seriously handicapped in the absence
of municipal government, and cannot
therefore enforce the . law* bo readily
and abate nuisances . so promptly, yet
to be without such officer, especially In
time of epidemic when rigid quarantine
is necessary, would be a poor kind of
economy. So far as Amador county is
concerned, the combined salary of the
county physician and health officer is
but a trifle more than . other counties
pay for the service of a physician. For
example, ■ Calaveras county pays its
county physician (90 a month and fur
nishes a nurse and medicine. Amador
county pays for a similar service $60 a
month and furnishes neither nurse nor
medicine. - Thus it Is " apparent that
what our health officer does accomplish
Is, or would be if we paid the county
physician ' as much ' as physicians of
other counties get, simply a donation.
It is not claimed that the health officer
has accomplished all that ought to
have been accomplished, but it Is fair to
believe that he has done all that could
be reasonably expected under existing
circumstances.
Funeral of Herbert Vela.
The funeral of the late Herbert Vela
took place on Tuesday afternoon, May
Bth, Rev. F. A. Morrow officiating.
The procession left the house about 2
p. m. and went direct to the cemetery
where Impressive commitment cere
monies were had. The attendance was
large and the floral offerings numerous
and beautiful. Undertaker Roberts of
Sutter Creek was in charge. Tllxu
The deceased wm ; called In. the
springtime of life, his age being about
22. ! He was an exemplary young man,
industrious and economical and had bis
life been spared no doubt he would
have become a substantial and promi
nent citizen.
His brother, George, was sick almost
unto death when he died, but is now,
we believe, . much improved and in a
fair way for recovery. ■
The sorely bereaved family have the
heartfelt sympathy of the entire
community.'
flutter Will Celebrate.
The citizens of S utter Creek are 1
unanimously In favor of a Fourth of
July celebration, and steps leading in
that direction were taken this week.
The business men of Sutter have agreed
to contribute to the enterprise and the
movement is now well under way. An
executive committee has been' appoint
ed as follows: Miss May Malls, John
Lithgow, Jackson Dennis, Henry M.
Calkins, M. T. Conners. "
It ia proposed to introduce several
new features, one of which will bo a
number of trained acrobats from. San
Francisco who will give a continuous
performance on the street during the
day. The procession will also contain
new and novel features.
Postponed.
' The dance advertised for' May 12 at
Butte City, has been postponed to
Saturday evening, May 19. . .
Tony Mello. "
Health Officers Eeport.
County Health Officer Endicott re
ported to the Board of Supervisors.
Abated nine nuisances; inspected Sut
ter Creek and Jackson; issued ten
burial permits; cause of deaths, con
sumption four, pneumonia one, tumor
one, Bright 's disease two, suicide one,
one accidental death ■ came under
Coroner's attention.
The Wrong Glasses Will Kuin Tour Ere*.
Dr. O. N. Sullivan, the well known
refraction specialist, is to arrive May
18th and open his office at Globe Hotel.
Those who require the services of an
expert will receive courteous treatment
from Dr. Sullivan, who is a gentleman
of culture and a self-made man in the
school of experience. "., Call at once.
Glasses fitted. , • ; 5-11-tf
Died in Saa Francisco.
Mrs. Carrie L. Petty, wife of James
G. Petty of Buena Vista, died at the
home of James Dorland, San Francisco,
April 29, 1900. Deceased came to
Amador county when she was 18 years
of age. Married James G. Petty
January 29, 1881. She was a member
of Geneva Parlor No. 107, N. D..G. W.,
of Camanche.
They Did Well.
Rawson's Pacific Show of trained
animals were here on. Thursday and
Friday of last week. Owing to a delay
in the arrival of their wagons no show
was had Thursday evening, but on
Friday afternoon and evening the
trained animals performed for large
audiences, giving complete satisfaction
to the patrons.
Will Visit Europe.
Chris Marelia will soon leave Jackson
for a trip through Europe with a view
of regaining his health, which has been
rather poor for the past two or three
years. During his absence his brother,
Nick Marelia, will have charge of his
interest in the store and also of his real
estate.
Hone and Buggy for Sale.
The undersigned will sell his horse
and buggy at a very reasonable price.
Terms cash. Call on or apply to Dr.
C. A. Herriok 4 Jackson^ Cfd, 4-13-ttBLOWN TO COLORADO
A HORSELESS WAGON TRIP FROM
KANSAS TO DENVER.
Thin Prairie Schooner Wu Rigged
With Sail* and Hade Record Time
Years Ago In the Great Race For
tlte Newly Discovered GoldMelda.
lv these days of automobiles, motor
cycles and horseless vehicles it may not
be uuiuteresting to know that one of
the farly inventions in this country to
do away with animal motive power
originated In Kansas City, Kan. Sam
uel Peppard was the genius who con
structed a vehicle that carried him and
three companions over the plains from
Oskaloosa almost to Denver. And
with such rabidity, too, that he not
only passed all the white people Jour
neying the same way, but easily dis
tanced Indian pursuers and won his
rig the unstinted admiration of the red
men.
It was during the time of the excite
ment following the discovery of gold
in Colorado. A great many people bad
set out for this Ei Dorado, and long
wagon trains were to be seen every
day moving across the plains. Mr.
Peppard was anxious to go, but there
was one great difficulty in the way
he didn't have the money to buy horses
and wagon. So he sat down and
thought it all over, and then as a result
he gave out that he was going to build
a wagon with a sail, which he thought
would make the trip In about as good
time as any prairie schooner that was
floating around over the wild and wool
ly west.
When be first began to build the
wagon, the wise men of the town all
laughed at him for wasting his time on
such a craft, just as other wise men of
Noah's time scoffed at the good patri
arch. Mr. Peppard's advisers declared
that if be attempted to navigate such a
craft be would certainly be killed, and
the people in general looked the wagon
over, shook their beads and called it
"Peppard's folly."
But Mr. Peppard kept on sawing
wood and turning it into wheels and
running gear and boards. At last it
was finished. It was made of rough
lumber and shaped like a skiff. It was
eight feet long from prow to stern and
three feet across at amidships and two
feet deep. The bed was placed on a
running gear with axles six feet apart,
the wheels all the same size and about
as large as the front wheels of a bug
gy. A ten foot mast was fastened to
the front axle and came up through
the bottom of the wagon box, and to
this two sails were rigged, the larger
11 by 8 feet, the other 7 by 5. They
were both to be worked by a rope
through a pulley at the top of the mast.
If the wind was high, the smaller
was to be used, and If it was low the
larger was to be employed. The wag
on had a brake and a rudder for steer-
Ing. The hounds, instead of having a
tongue attached, came up over the top
of the bed and were welded together.
A bar was fastened here and extended
backward three feet. There was a
seat placed at the end of the bar for
the captain, and he steered by pushing
the bar to the right or the left The
craft rigged out weighed 350 pounds,
carried a crew of four men, a cargo of
500 pounds, the camping outfit and
provisions serving as ballast
Before Mr. Peppard started on his
overland voyage he made a trial one
mile south of Oskaloosa on the present
site of the Jefferson county fair
grounds. There Is a level stretch of
several miles, and a good, stiff breeze
was on. When It struck the large sail,
the craft stuck its nose down to the
ground and came near capsizing. He
slacked sail and set out again with the
large sheet reefed and the smaller full
against the wind, and away it whizzed.
It went so fast, In fact, that the box-
Ing In the wheels heated. Then, when
it went over a little knoll, It leaped
about 30 feet into the air and came
down with a crash.
: His vessel was a wreck, but Mr. Pep
pard was not discouraged. He made
new spindles, repaired the damage, and
In a few days he and three compan
ions were ready to start. Profiting by
his first experience, Mr. Peppard chose
a day to start when the wind was
blowing only about ten knots an hour.
The first day they went 50 miles.
Their route lay northwest through
Kansas and across the southwestern
part of Nebraska until they struck the
South Platte river, and from there
they went toward Denver.
"Our best time was two miles in
four minutes," said Mr. Peppard In
describing the Incidents of tbe jour
ney. "We could not run faster than
that rate, as the boxing would have
heated. One day we went 60 miles In
three hours and In doing so passed G2o
teams."— Kansas City Journal.
FIT THE FOOD TO THE PHYSICAL TASK.
Feats of strength require n diet In
accordance with the needs — that Is,
prolonged or otherwise. If you want
to perform for a short time the great
est possible amount of muscular labor.
es In playing a game of ball, rowing,
running, bicycling, lifting or accom
plishing any unusual feat of strength
requiring an extraordinary effort al
ways select a diet rich In protein. If.
on the other hand, you want to take
a great amount of steady exercise dai
ly, or perform a great amount of uni
formly heavy work every day. but at
no time of a very intense character,
you should partake of a diet containing
little protein, but rich In carbohydrates
—that is, starches and fats.— Ladies'
Home Journal.
AN INSINUATION.
"I simply had to do it," said Mr.
Erastus Plnkly In an apologetic tone.
"I had to draw my razzer so's to hoi'
up my character."
"Did he slander you behind your
back?"
"No, sun; 'twas to my face. He axed
me what business I was in, an I says,
'Raisin chickens.' Den he looked at
me solemn an says, 'You doesn' mean
"raisin," you means "liftin." ' "—Wash
ington Star.
PEACE LOVING WOMAN.
"Did you pay the grocer and butcher,
Amelia?"
"No; there wasn't enough to pay both
of them. To pay only' one would make
trouble, so I Just took the money and
spent ft down town." — Indianapolis
Journal.
WIFELY CONSTANCY.
"I have been married for 15 years,
and my wile never fails to meet me at
the door."
"Wonderful!"
"Yes. She's afraid I might go Id
without wiping my feet."— Chicago
Tunes-Herald.
Bottles of perfume, still fresh, and
jars of pomade that had not lost Its
fragrance have been recovered froffi
Herculaneum and Pompeii.
Children bare more need of models
thaa of critici.
HE WAS TELLING HI.
During one of the earliest visits of the
royal family- to Balmoral Prince Albert»
dressed in a simple manner, was cross
ing one of the Scottish lakes In a
steamer and was curious to note every
thing relating to the management of
the vessel and, among many other
things, the cooking. Approaching the
galley, where a brawny highlander
was attending to the culinary matters,
he was attracted by the savory odors
of a pot of "hodgepodge," which the
highlander was preparing.
"What is that?" asked the prince,
who was not known to the cook.
"Hodgepodge, sir," was the reply.
"How is It made?" was the next
question.
"Why, there's mutton intil't and tur
nips intll't and carrots intil't and"—
"Tes, yes," said the prince; "but what
is Intil't?"
The man looked at him, and, seeing
that the prince was serious, he replied:
"There's mutton intil't and turnips
intil't and"
"Yes, certainly, I know," urged the
inquirer, "but what is Intil't— lntil't?"
"JUan," yelled the highlander, bran
dishing his big ladle, "am I no tellin ye
what's Intil't? There's mutton intil't
and"—
Here the interview was brought to a
close by one of the prince's suit, who
fortunately was passing, explaining to
his royal highness that "intil't" simply
meant Vlnto it" and nothing more. — Ex
change.
A THEATRICAL PUZZLE
"There Is something absolutely baf
fling to understand," said a theatrical
manager, "about the perfect regularity
of the sizes of audiences for any given
play. You know I manage two thea
ters here in New York. One of them
holds about 2,000 people and the other
holds about 1,000 people.
"Now. when we hare a play that is
what we call a great success at the
small theater — such a success that we
have to turn people away every night —
It Is almost Invariable that the number
turned away Is not far from 30 each
night— that is to say, 1,000 people come
and get In and SO come and cannot get
In. And when we have a similar suc
cess at the large theater the average
number of people turned away is just
the same— about 30— that Is, 2,000 peo
ple come and get in and 30 come and
cannot get In.
"Now, to all appearances the one
play has made just as big a hit as the
other, so why is it that Just about 1,030
people want to see the one every night
and Just about 2,000 people want to see
the other every night? Why do the
2,030 never come to the small theater?
They never do. Such a thing was nev
er heard of. It's a little section in the
law of averages that I never could un
derstand."—New York Tribune.
THE FIRST WAR CORRESPONDENT.
As far as can be gathered, the first
recognized war correspondent to a
newspaper was a man, whose name,
unhappily, has sunk into oblivion, at
the siege of Antwerp in 1831. Much
earlier In the century, though, there
was in an informal and unrecognized
manner a witness named Peter Finner
ty—one can make a shrewd guoss at
his nationality— "who on his return
from the Walcheren expedition told
the British public a good deal more
about that unfortunate naval aud mili
tary blunder than the British govern
ment of the day cared to have publish
ed." There was, too, some really ad
mirable pen and ink work about the
Carlist war in the London papers, not
ably by Frederick Hardman and C. L.
Grulnesen. Mr. Gruinesen fell into the
hands of the Carlists and was about
to be shot when he was rescued from
his Impending fate by the intercession
of the late Lord Ranelagh, who had
taken service in the cause of Don Car
los de Bourbon.— London Post.
INDUSTRY AND SUCCESS.
"There's notliin like fannln on a hill
side," said the man with the faded hair
during a pause In the conversation, "if
you pick out a good location."
"Do you mean to say." they asked
him, "that you ever worked on a hill
side farm or anywhere else?"
"Who said anything about workln?"
he rejoined. "I said hillside farmin
was all right if you picked out a good
location. I had a location right down
below a 40 acre farm where a feller
put in one whole summer raisiu melons
an pumpkins. When they got ripe,
they broke off f'm the vine an rolled
down on to my land. It was a good
deal of bother to gather 'em up. but I
done it Made a pretty good thing out
of It too."
It was a narrow escape and nearly
cost him his reputation as the laziest
man In the crowd.— Chicago Tribune.
INSULTED.
"Troubled with insomnia, arc you?"
said Dr. Paresis after listening to his
patient's tale of woe. "Tried all the
usual remedies, have you? Well, now
suppose you try to read 'The Impres
sions of a Bohemian.' It's a new book,
just out I tried to read it last uijjtit
and was asleep in three minutes."
"Sir," replied the patient, with freez
ing dignity, "I am the author of th;it
book, and I hare the honor to wish you
a very good evening!"
MANY FRAUDULENT CLAIMS.
All the big life Insurance companies
spend a lot of money each year to pre
vent fraudulent claims from beiug
paid, and the ingenuity with which
Borne of these claims are planned calls
for the very best detective service that
the companies can command. They
are willing to spend a good deal more
than the amount of the policy to ex
pose these frauds. — Indianapolis News.
Nine times out of ten It Is over the
Bridge of Sighs that we pass the nar
row gulf from youth to manhood.
The cheese mite Is more tenacious of
life thai) any other insect.
A TRAINING SCHOOL.
Meets— Stone always speaks well of
everybody.
Weeks— Merely a force of habit
Meeks— How so?
Weeks — He's a marble cutter, and hie
specialty Is cutting epitaphs on grave
st< aes.— Chicago News.
The Burmese have a curious Idea re
garding coins. They prefer those which
have female heads on them, believing
that coins with male heads oo them
are not so lucky and do not make
money.
The force of waves breaking on the
shore Is equal to 17 tons to the square
yard.
TOO MUCH TIME WANTED.
"If you will get my new suit done by
Saturday," said a customer to a tailor,
"I'll be forever Indebted to you."
"If that's your game," replied the
tailor, "the clothes will not be done at
all."-ObIo State Journal.
THE AMADOR LEDGER; JACKSON. CALIFORNIA. FRIDAY. MAY 11. 1900.
IT DISAPPEARED.
Herrmann'* Clever Trick With a
Quart Bottle of Champagne.
"The late Herrmann, the magician,"
said George Carroll of St. Louis, "I
know quite well md used to see a great
deal of whenever he visited my home.
He was a ino.sl iuteresting m;in and
perfectly wonderful with bis peculiar
tricks.
"In connection with his ability to
palm or conceal articles, no matter
What might be their size, I remember a
rather interesting story that used to be
told about him. He was one night at
a dinner in one of the clubs here, and,
the conversation turning naturally on
palming as a tine art, Herrmann was
asked by a fellow diner If he could
palm a quart bottle of champagne.
"Previous to answering the query the
luagician pulled up the sleeve of his
coat exposing his right arm almost to
the elbow, and then taking a bottle of
champagne in his band said: 'To palm
an object successfully It must be suffi
ciently small, either to be concealed by
the baud itself or by hand and wrist
combined. In the case of a bottle of
champagne, that, as you will observe,
is impossible, for the body of the bottle
Is of too great girth for the wrist to
conceal, and a portion will project on
one side or the other or on both sides,
as the case may be. The only way I
can think of to dispose of a bottle of
champagne Is to do as I now do with
this one— throw it at that waiter over
there.'
"Suiting the action to the word, he
apparently burled the bottle with great
force at a waiter standing near the oth
er end of the table. The waiter duck
ed, men rose from their chairs with
ejaculations, and in the confusion the
bottle of champagne totally and entire
ly disappeared. Clever, wasn't It?"—
New York Tribune.
SCORPIONS AND FIRE.
The Poisonous Animals Are I'nrtlcn-
lnrly Sfn.itlve to Heat.
An interesting question has from
time to time been discussed by natu
ralists and physiologists, as to whether
the scorpion commits suicide by sting
ing himself with his own venomous
ilnrt. Experiments have often been
mnde, which consist In surrounding
the scorpion with a circle of flre, usual
ly formed of small pieces of burning
coals.
One may then see the animal agitate
his tail in the air, waving his dart to
and fro over his bead In a desperate
movement and finally fall dead, ap
pearing to hare decided that he could
not escape the flames and to hart* in
oculated himself with his own venom.
This idea is now, however, found to be
erroneous, as It has been proved that
the scorpion is not affected by bis own
venomous fluid, and the hypothesis of
his suicide cannot be maintained. It
appears from later observations made
upon the death of the scorpiou under
the conditions in question that a more
simple explanation Is to be found.
Scorpions nre. In fact, sensitive to
heat und are easily killed by a temper
ature uot exceeding 50 degrees centi
grade. If one concentrate tbe solar
rays upon a stfcrplon's back by meant)
of a lens, one may observe that he tries
by means of his tall to remove the
cause of discomfort. It Is this move
ment of defense which has hitherto
been mistaken for one of suicide, and
In reality the scorpion has been killed
by the heat to which he has been ex
posed under such circumstances.—
Scientific American.
ZULU SERVANTS
The Zulu boy servants are much ap
preciated in Africa, but they have diffi
culties with the English language.
Their special weakness is the confu
sion of the letters "1" and "r." As a
result, instead of saying that •'Break
fast is ready" they announce, to the as
tonishment of the stranger. "Black
faced lady, baas."
They make excellent servants. One
particularly faithful boy was always
very careful as to whom he admitted
Into the house. One day three visitors
called, none of whom had come with
out a card. He ushered the first two
Into the drawing room, but Insisted on
the other staying In the ball. "Two
misses," he explained, "got ticket; you
got no ticket; you wait outside!"
The wise boy knew quite well that
he himself wouldn't be allowed in a
saloon without a ticket Why, then,
should he admit white ladies?—House
bold Words.
HOW THE PERSIANS DINE.
Here Is a description of a Persian
dinner. The feast Is preceded by
pipes, while tea and sweets are handed
about Tben the servants of the house
appear, bringing In a long leather
sheet, which they spread In the middle
of the floor. The guests squat around
this, tailor fashion. When all are seat
ed, a flat loaf of bread Is placed before
every one, and the music begins to
play. The various dishes are brought
in on trays and arranged round the
leather sheet at Intervals. The covers
are then removed, the host says, "Bls
millah" (In the name of God), and,
without another word, they all fall to.
— London Globe.
HE KNEW HUMAN NATURE.
Three young men were walking up
Riverside drive the other morning,
when a garuy looking race horse jogged
by, drawing a natty trotting rig.
"Isn't that a splendid animal?" ex
clalined one of the young men in
cheery, admiring tones, pausing to
prnze at the trotter.
The driver's eye sparkled, and his
chest expanded. He had heard the
compliment. Wheeling his horse
around, he brought it alongside the
pavement.
"Wouldn't you like to try a brush be
hind him ?" he said courteously.
In a jiffy the young man was seated
in the buggy, and the two were disap
pearing down the drive at a pace that
justified the compliment of the pedes
trian. His companions watched him
enviously. Then one of them sajdt
"Bill is a judge of horseflesh."
"And an artist on human nature,"
added the other. "I've seen him do
that before."— Few York Mail and Ex
press.
HE MISSED HIS SLIPPERS.
When a young man, the late John
Lewis, It. A., went to India and Egypt
and was away about 18 years. When
he returned to his mother's bouse In
Portland place, he almost Immediately
pulled off hie boots and commenced to
hunt about at one ci.d of the parlor
fender and seemed jterrlWy pujt tbout
His mother of course asked him anx
iously what be wanted.
"My slippers," said he. "When I
went away, I left them just down
there. Now, where are they?"— Ti
t
An egg will settle coffee, but It take*
money to settle a bill.— New York
Weekly.
MAUSERS AND LEE-ENFELDS.
The chief distinction between the
Mauser and the Lee-Eufleld is this—
that while the Lee-Enfleld has a maga
zine which is inserted underneath the
foody through the trigger guard and se
cured by a catch and is provided with
what is called a "cut off" to prevent
the eartridgaayjapm rising, so that it
can be used as'fr-tfHuplc breechloader
for single firing until the magazine,
which contains ten cartridges, is order
ed to be used, the Mauser has a maga
zine which, though not absolutely fix
ed, is only intended to be taken oft for
cleaning. It does not need a "cut off"
to use as a single loader.
The magazine contains five car
tridges, but whereas the cartridges
for the Lee-Enfleld have, when the
magazine is charged, to be each put in
separately, the magazine of the Mau
ser is filled at once by placing against
the face of the magazine a set of five
cartridges held in a clip which falls off
when the cartridges have been inserted
in the magazine.
Tbus if each weapon were at the be
ginning of a fight empty, the Mauser
would permit of more rapid flre be
cause It could be loaded flve cartridges
at a time, while the Lee-Enfield would
take, cartridge by cartridge, as long to
load as a single breechloader. On the
other hand, the times when a very
rapid discharge of fire Is desirable are
not numerous, and for these the Lee-
Enfleld has ten cartridges ready
against the Mauser's five.— Nineteenth
Century.
KEY, KEE, KAY.
Professor Skcat wishes to know when
the pronunciation of key as kee can
first be clearly detected. It occurs In
Milton, "Corous," line 13:
. To l»y their just hand* on that golden key
That opes the palace of eternity.
And a little later In Marvell's "Flee
no:"
Now as two instruments to the same key
Bring tuned by art, if the one touched be.
The other opposite as soon replies.
These Instances are curious, for both
before and after this time tlie prevail
ing pronunciation was evidently kay.
Herbert rhymes the word with way.
In "The Secrets of Angling" (1613)
culverkeys is rhymed with rays. In
Withers "Mistress of Phil'arete"
(1G22), key with day. Dryden. too, and
Swift have the same pronunciation,
and not till I come to Green's "Spleen"
(1737) do I. after an hour's search, find
the other. There pleas rhymes with
keys. This pronunciation must, how
ever, have become common soon after
ward.
In Duncombe's "Imitation of Gray's
Elegy" It is rhymed with me, and Gar
rick rhymes it with flea, which would,
I suppose, be pronounced then as it is
now. Nares, In his "Elements of Or
thoepy" (1764), says of the diphthong
ey, "Its proper sound should be that
of the long c. This, however, is given
to it only in the word key, for ley— a
field— ls constantly written lea."— Notes
and Queries.
HOW SHE KNEW.
Speaking of kindergartens for color
oil children calls to mind the experi
ence of a "befo' de war" matron who
was teaching one of the little darkies
on her plantation how to spell.
The primer she used was a pictorial
one, and over each word was its ac
companying picture, and Polly glibly
spelled o-x, ox, and b-o-x, box, etc. But
the teacher thought that she was mak
ing right rapid progress, so she put her
hand over the picture and said:
"Polly, what does o-x spell?"
"Ox," answered Polly nimbly.
"How do you know that it spells ox,
Polly?"
"Seed his tail." replied the opt Polly.
— Memphis Scimitar.
DUBIONS COMPLIMENT.
."And how did you :iud grandpa get
along?" Inquired the doting mamma of
the precocious child.
"He was pleasant as pie." replied the
cherub.
"As pleasant as pip?"
"Yps. mamma short »n-» "rusty."—
Cleveland I'ln'v ." '-¦'
| MriM VIM i For Nearly Sixty Years
I If " I UlllV • ! The Leading National Fam-
! llirfKiy td d lyr !My Newspaper for
| HLLHLI IMUUIIL I she Farmers & Villagers.
?????????•??????????????????I ° -
An old, stanch, tried and true friend of the American People, from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, and the pioneer in every movement calculated to ad-
vance the interests and increase the prosperity of country people in every
State in. the Union. <¦ ¦
For over half a century farmers have followed its instructions in raising
their crops, and In converting- them into cash have been guided by its market
reports, which have been National authority.
If you are Interested in "Scienco and Mechanics" that department will
please and instruct. "Short Stories" will entertain old and young-. "Fashion
Articles" will catch the fancy of the ladies, and "Humorous Illustrations"
and it-ems will bring sunshine to your household.
The Weekly Tribune is "The People's Paper" for the entire United
States, and contains all important news of the Nation and World.
Regular subscription prjee $1.00 per year, buji wo furnish it
And THE LEDGER One Year for $2.75. ;
NEW- YORK "• Published Monday, Wednesday and Friday
TBTWT-TfVTV TTJTUTTWT- A complete, up-to-date, daily newspaper three
IKI-WiJSILLY TRIBUNE. times a week for busy poop , 0 who receUe
their mail ofttnicr than once a week. •
Contains all striking news features pi The Daily Tribune up to hour
of going to press, and is profusely illustrated.
Regular subscription price $1.50 per year, but we furnish it
And THE LEDGER One Year for $3.00.
Send all orders to -
.^ The "LEDGER," Jackson. Cal.
1 THE NEW 1 -
NATIONAL HOTEL ••*—
@ J^*~ ' Foot ok Main Street
JACKSON, CAL.
o-o-oio o o FiRSTCUSS AQQOMMODATIONS FOR TRAVELERS AT REASONABLE PRICES
1 Sample Room for Commercial Truvejera ¦ . '; •
** V Rooms Newly Furnished Throughout ... A
I Tuble Supplied With the Best in the Market ~V*~
I BAR SuppJJed With the Finest Brands of T
- . ... \ - Wines Liquors and Cigars
3F 1 - VOORHBIS, 3Pxopxi©toi
MISCELLANEOUS. !
:. . i
Between fhrough <
Francisco j| q *^
ChLao | rSlinS and !
without ?J f^
change ff I ,H| FC Og&n
a \ Jf\ I Route
;| X^V*.l LJ Dally
Southern Pacific Company «-
IN CONNECTION WITH
Chicago, Union Pacific
& Northwestern Line
Overland Limited— Vostibuled Train
of Double Drawing-room Sleeping Cars, Dining
Cars and Composite Car
Leave San Francisco - •8:31 a. M.
Leave Sacramento - - 11:% a.m.
Arrive Chicago - -• - 9:31 a. m.
Westbound train leaves Chicago daily 9 :30 p. M.
Rock Island Route
Vestibuled Drawing-room Sleeping Car and
Dining Car, via Salt Lake City. Denver and
Omaha. . ;>>.
Leave San Francisco - -8:30 A. M.
Leave Sacramento - . 11:25 a.m.
Arrive Salt Lake City - 2:10 p. M.
Leave Salt Lake City - 8:(l5p m
Arrive Denver .... 9:15 p.m.
Arrive Chicago - - - - 7:59 a. m: .
Westbound car leaves Chicago daily 10:00 p. m.
Burlington Route
Vestibuled Drawing-room Sleeping Car, via
Salt Lake City. Denver and Omaha.
Leave San Francisco - -8:30 p.m.
Leave Sacramento - - 10:30 p. M.
Arrive Denver - -' - 9:00 a. M.
¦ Arrive Chicago - - - 2:15 p.m.
Westbound car teaves Chicago daily II :00 p. m.
Connections are made at Sacramento from
and to both Southern and Northern California
for all three trains.
The Rock Island and Burlington Route cars
pass between Ogden and Denver over the Rio
Grande Western and Denver & Rio Grande
railroads. . .
For folders and more complete information,
inquire of - ;
M. W. GORDON, Agent, lone,
-
•imiiiimi mi iiiiimmmit mtir/, .
5 'TpHERE is a certain stylish ef- ; '•
sJ_ feet abo »t garments made S ¦
>5 from these Celebrated Pat- 3;
•5 terns that Is not attained by the \ >
;! use of any other patterns. ; !¦
A BAZAR* wtS&Bi
fATTERMSW
iiNo-Scam-Allowance Patterns.) ' ;
Have not an equal for style and perfect £ -
lit. Easy to understand. Only to and IS S
cts. — none higher Sold in nearly 3} .
every city and town, or by mail. Ask for 3j
them. Get a Fashion Sheet and tee our g»
designs. Absolutely the very latest styles. S
A FREE PATTERN 1
of her own selection will be given 5 ¦
every subscriber to sjj
MS CALLS^
IMAGAZINEW1 MAGAZINEW
§A LADIES' MAGAZINE. \ :
*5 One that every lady should take regu- £ -
«£ larly. Beautiful colored plates ; latest S
9 fashions; dressmaking economies ; fancy 3*
t"i- work : household hints ; fiction, etc. Sub- Z*
scribe to-day, or, send sc. for latest copy. 3?
Lady agents wanted. Send for terms, g
5 THE McCALL CO., |
% 138-146 West 14th St., New York, g
LEDGER'S CLUBBING RATES.
Ledger and Daily Call, one year $7 50
Ledger and Weekly Call, one year 3 60
Ledger and Daily Bulletin, one year 6 50
Ledger and Semi-Weekly Bulletin, 1 ye'r 4 20
Ledger and Weekly Bulletin, one year. . . ' 3 90
Ledger and Daily Chronicle, one year. ... 7 70
Ledger and Weekly Chronicle, one year . 3 60
Ledger and Weekly Examiner, one year. 3 60
Ledger and Daily Examiner, one year ... 8 30
Ledger and N. Y. Weekly Tribune, 1 yo'r 3 00
Ledger and N. Y. Trl-Weekly Tribune, ly 3 50
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Magazine, I yr 3 35
Ledger and S. F. Weekly Post, one year. 3 00
Ledger and McCall's Magazine, one year 2 75
Ledger and St. Louis Globe Democrat, ly 3 00
i Ledger and " Twice a Week," one year . . 300
49* The above rates are strictly in advance.
I MISCELLANEOUS ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ,1 FOR '"™ —
I - IPiplii I : v
McCall's Magazine
——(the queen OF FASHION)
¦
Will contain TWENTY-TWO FULL-PAGE
BEAUTIFUL COLORED PLATES — more
than iooo exquisite, artistic and strictly up-to-
date FASHION designs — a large number of
short stories and handsome illustrations— .
fancy work, hints on dressmaking and sugges-
tions for the home.
With Ainador Ledger
Only $2.75 a Year
¦ ¦ ¦ .• . ¦ ¦ _
And each subscriber receives a FREE PAT-
TERN of her own selection — a pattern sold by
most bouses at 25 cents or 30 cents.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••a
5~ ' •
Z ' ' ¦ • ~~ .¦ -. .
5 :
: UP-TO-DATE :
! Stationery and Novelties ] .
1 . AT RIGHT •
: AI PRICES :
I FREEMAN'S VARIETY STORE f jj
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~
;¦¦..-.
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION^
¦¦ - .
A; Made From SELECTED WHEAT
|, Blended According to Our Own Formula
•< Produclno P*>r «>ct Results and
A Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
I Sweet to the Palate's Touch and
H Snowy White - -. .¦
•-- PIONEER FLOUR MILLS. SJIGRAIIMTO — - — •
I\T CI C T Ik.
"A I ™i^^^ J ' JORDAN MANUFACTURER'S A. 9
DON'T BE trim -r
And take some other kind because a little
cheaper. Best Is always cheapest in the end, and the Jordan " AaAI " Cutlery
is "It." For sale by the leading dealers everywhere.
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
1 E. GINOCCIIIO I BROTHER j
• Wholesale and Retail Dealers in #
General Merchandise • • • • •
• Water Street, Foot of Broadway, Jackson •
WE TAKE PLEASURE IN INFORMING OUR PA- 2
trans and the public generally that we have on hand a Z
Z very choice selected stock of DRY GOODS of all kinds, GRO- i
5 CERIES AND PROVISIONS, CLOTHING. BOOTS AND 5
J SHOES. We particularly direct the attention of the public 2 -
Z to the fact that we keep on hand the largest assortment of 1
2 IRON AND STEEL to be found in Amador county. Also a >
Z superior assortment of all kinds of HARDWARE, such as S ' -
2 Carriage Holts. Screws, Nuts, Nails, and. in fact, everything 2
Z the market demands.' We are sple agents for the celebrated S'
Z HURCULES POWD.ER, of which which we shall constantly I
• m keep on hand a large supply. ' " - Z " - ¦
••»••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••§••••
??????•???•???•?•»
LOTS ...
??????»??????????»
w •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
_? J The Meehan Property will be
'? * subdivided Into building lots and
5 2 sold for CASH OR INSTALLMENTS.
?????»??%???????? • Wi " be laid out in blocks, with
_^ _^ 2 50-foot streets and 25-foot alley-
L^III I • ways- Each lot can ' be , reached
# I*l IL# 9 •at f on l or rear by wajion. One
1 v/ I » 2 main street from Volcano road
?»»+???????????»?» 2 west of Calvin's house; one east
£ • of Median's house; and one west
{* of Keeney's property, to reach the
# 2 property » » ' '¦'» *. .
• I
?????????»???????»
£*%. m M |T™^ For further particulars apply to
3 A L t NEIL A MACQUARRIE
. . . . a Spa«non Building, Summit Stre«t
, . MISCELLANEOUS. .
THE LONDON
WOOLEN MILLS
J. H. HEITMAN
FINE TAILORING
Price List as Follows: -
LONDON WEST OF ENGLAND
BROADCLOTH SUIT... 140 no
LONDON CLAY WORSTED. in Blue
and Black 40 no
NEW ENGLAND WASHINGTON
MILLS CLAY WORSTED, blue-
black tan to 35 00
GERMAN CREPE DRESS WORSTED 35 00
FRENCH BLACK P1QUE...... tS to 35 00
LONDON BLACK DOESKIN SUIT 35 00
WASHINGTON MILLS GRAY YfOBS-
TED SUIT, to order.... WO to 35 00
FINE ASSORTMENT IN TWEED
SUITING 115 to JO 00
LATEST STYLE OF ENGLISH AND
AMERICAN TROUSERING.... »4 to 13 00
600 J Street . Corner Sixth, SACBAHEHTO
OUR TASTE HAMS
. Sweet, Juicy and Tender.
We live but onee — 1
Why not live -well and enjoy lifo'r
HALL. LUHRS & CO
. Wholesale Grocers and j
Provision Dealers
Sacramento. Cul.
A $4.00 BOOK FOR ?scts.
The Farmsrs' Encyclopedia.
aag Everything per-
tain Ing :o the «f-
¦ ig^** fairs of the farm,
k^l^Kri stuck raisinr. Em-
s2ar lint£S9fc-?i 13 11 ' 1 """- "nicies on
:s^T? .'£- Hbli'll llle horse. ?he co!t.
iKr^fi Ipi&fl SZjilS ' lor * c hahits, dis-
HPM^HrSjfll <i ' " M ' s of lbe nor n".
MU|||JLIH|ttOHBSM^VB;E| the farm, gra&t-es,
m^^^^Uaft^^Sihrniiil liil I 1I 1 m t culture, dairy-
m*rnSi HRltiltMß I 'iß.cookery.heaUh,
HHmH idaNSH II CHtlle ' sheep.swine,
; "TBffnfT^BBiBBMM il l H>u^ r y< bees, the
3**s Ht HI dogl ' oilet ' social
Jr'f'"' X Elill ' il0 ' * tc -' Ptc - One
w^i^ IHi^^S B^Hli "^ mofl t com-
BcS BWinl p' ( '. to Eucj-cic-
IffivH LH&2til I*' I ''" B ' u existence.
Jjfct"" iC BSS^ a 'aree book. BxsJ^
SEfc. MeiWJa^B^'^ x 154 inches. 63f1l
9^^*". -'SiKMB^^ pages, fully illu»-l
>S^K : ' ; iM^^P^ trated, bound infl
tOß%*£^B^^ green cloth bindS
Ing and equal toB
other books costings
(4.00. If you desire this book send us our specuH
offer price, $0.75, and 10.20 extra for postage and!
we will forward the book to you. If it i.= not iwtis-B
factory return it and we will exchange it or refund!
your money. Send for our special illustrated cataJß
logue. quoting the lowest prices on books, FIEE Jm
We can save you money, i Address all orders to 9
THE WERNER COMPANY, - I
PvbLlßdari and Manufacturer!. Akron, OMO.
[The Warner Company is thoroughly reliable.}— Editor. IB
yv« DB. JGF.CAH'S e~«* 9
iffgHuseuni cf Anatomy f
I WfljlWl KiSZil ST. t0. 611 4 7th, Z.T.UL f
At f- ffifl The l-arg«i«MM vi d id the World. M
llrHl We are ror ' fil ' ' ' "¦- ngw spwilnwna. \
l« I " r #C.>ni*an.l 1*"'11 *"' 11 '"1" 1 RvEit.rlt.::.- rou*n-ma>l« £
TM . I and how to *vt.i-l el. '.in-- and aiM»M>. lfjoa \
\ 1 I suffer from a* j i.f it..- illi -.r bm-h. e-ine to ib« A
\ ft fiol' 1 -- 1 Sivcfatial on UiePaatle Coast. ¥
• A ORJORI)A\-f>nU.4TE DKKASEII A
T Oooinltation fr.-e ao<l m .-.ip-,(».' Ir- atmrni p*-n*n- T
1 »11y or by W-r. 171'illl ; " ..|.., : l.: . eradicated A
W from the tv"'-Tn wiibont u*la« ">«*— «-m, i, . - m
\ EVHV n»\ ari-Mvi to m -rill rteelVe our \
M lione*t opinion of hi* ci.ni l-ti-tt. ¦ ... M
T IT« nil SkMVMIH * r>>s r ! crSE in mriew \
A we undert'ike. »MA One lh«n-.tird n«»llaraw A
Write for Book— Pbiloxoph.T ofMarrlage, ¥
\ miiiD ntn f A ralußiili- fhrmfß.l • A
0 DB. JORDAN «* CO., 1061 Market aaF.f
to the Unfortunate
—^ '^^Hft 29
J^~^^^^|M This old reliable anoW
KaH^M li^MbSu ci;llitit in.San Francis
iiSir*?T ciulist in San KranclsM
MS IVi S^BKr eost '" cont ' nucstocurl
¦H^^^BfcJSHES ''" Sexual and SeminaH
eSj^W^EE^^fcVjJvi Diseases, such as Ghon
iirrhc:v.i;icet.StrictureM
Syphilis in all its fonn>J|
Skin IM^rust's.Ncrvou^H
|Si<3SS*j*S!iliw ; * Semlnikl Weaknesjs.antH
JBi BBBa Semiuai Weakness, anfl
N * • • ¦¦¦ ll ". ' 1.1 1 1 > v- J Loss of • Manhood, ttuH
consequence of self abuse and excess producH
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counteH
nance, dark spots under the eyes, pain In thiH
head, ringing in the ears, loss of contidenoeH
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitatioiß
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and backH
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughsH
consumption, etc. . D
DR. GIBBON has practiced in San FrancisccH
over 37 years, and those troubled should do|
rail to consult him and receive the benefit ofl
his great skill and experience. The docto|H
cores when others fail. Try him. Cures guarH
anteed. Persons cured at home. Charges reastH
onable. Call or write. - . nS
Dr. J. F. Gibbon, 6i5 Kearney street, Sarfl
Francisco, Cal. ¦ . . . 9|
••••••••••••••••••••••••••I
: it's Not 3
• Expensive # m
• It's the quality that's high In Tea S8
• Garden Drips, Toboggan Afaple £9
• Syrup and Pelican Louisiana Mo- «JW
• lasses, ¦ ..... 3H
• For sale by tlrs,t-class grocers in jB
• cans only. Money refunded if the "H
• goods are not satisfactory. Don't JH
J accept an Imitation. See that the
• manufacturer's name is lttho- JB
• graphed on every can. . Bm
! manufacturer's name '" is litho- *Sm
graphed on every can. 4H
Pacific Coast ' |B
m Syrnp Company r—r^« ¦-•¦¦¦',- 99
{ iISF'IV SaDsome street, San Francisco 31
•••••••••••••••••••••••••SI
1 '. • ~ ' ;
J i%%i« >^^J
anything you invent or improve ; ' also get <IS
CAVEAT.TRADE-MARK. COPYRIGHT or DESIGN <B
PROTECTION. Send model, sketch, or photo. |H
for free examination and advice. ¦ • )9K
BOOK ON PATENTS Sr^nL 8 !
C.A.SNOW& GO. I