Established Novem tier ■ i ,- 1855.
MANY MINING ACCIDENTS
Superintendent Holmes' In
juries Were Fatal.
AH AGGIDENT IN THE UPRAISE Of THE HARVARD
Attorneys Drop the Case.— Placerville
City Officers Meet for Organ
■: i '±I*££M Nation. . . . . .. . sj«
CALAVERAS COUNTY.
Prospect. San Andreas. April 28. INK).
Clifford Nuner, son of Dan Nuoer of
this place, bad a bad fall from a horse
last Tuesday that "came near proving
fatal. The boy was tiding a horse be
longing to Jules Agostini to water, and
was in the vicinity of, the blacksmith
shop of Harrsook & Deitz, when the
horse became unruly and its wild
plunging threw the boy, who struck
the hard ground, falling on his hip
and side. . He was picked up,uncon
scious and Dr. McLaughlin was quickly
summoned. It was some time before
any sijjns of life could be perceived, but
by hard work be was restored to con
sciousness.. He was conveyed to his
home, and though suffering groat pain
in the region of the neck and from the
effects of the shock, he is at 'present
writing slowly recovering. The wild
est rumors prevailed in town regard
ing the' boy's condition, it being re
ported several times that he was dead,
but the doctor says that at no . time
were the symptoms particularly bad,
though the boy doubtless had a very
close call.
Dominick Gudica met with a .serious
accident in the Sheep Ranch mine
Thursday morning just before tho men
came off shift. Ho was working in one
of the stopes when a i largo piece of
slate fell from the wail striking him a
glancing blow on the side of the head
and side, literally tearing the flesh from
the bone on side and thigh.. Dr. Schu
make was called and dressed the
wounds, making tho man as comfort
able as possible, but it will be some
time before he is able to go on shift
again.
On the 4th instunt, E. G. Holmes,
superintendent of the San Justo or
Jones mine, was badly injured by a
cave in the mine, as told by the Pros
pect at the time. Though he was
known to be severely injured it was
thought at the time that he would
. quickly recover. He did soom to get
along well at first, but a few days later
he took a suddon turn for tbe worse,
and on Monday, the 23d instant, he
passed away. It is now known that
the internal injuries were much worse
than first supposed. It will be remem
.bered that he was buried by the falling
rock to his neck, and it was some time
before he was rescued. The terrible
pressure to which he was subjected,
evidently reached the sources of life
and caused fatal derangement. Mr.
Holmes had only been engaged at the
mine about two weeks when the acci
dent happened. The remains were
taken to Hollister, San Benito county,
for burial. Air. Holmes was. a mar
ried man and leaves a widow and seven
children, to mourn his loss.
Citizen. San Andreas. April 28, 1000.
Mrs. Steel, who recently got corros
ive sublimate in one of her eyes, will
- lose the same, according to physicians
treating her in San Francisco. She is
.the wife of Professor A. L. Steel,
formerly of this town. -vV-V
j '^Riley Senter, who recently moved
from Murphys to Stockton, was treas
urer of the Masonic Lodge . for nearly
.fifty years, Wells-Fargo agent for
twenty years and clerk of the Board of
Sjchpp} Trustee? pf Murphy s district
far fifty years. Besides he had been
postmaster on different occasions for
about sixteen years. .
Record, Angels Camp, April i'H, IPOD.
Just one month ago last ' Sunday
eight Patrick Joseph Kelloy, working
in the Lightner mine, was caught
under a cave and badly injured. Tho
rock in falling caught him across the
hips, breaking down the pelvis bone,
which penetrated the bladder. He was
given every attention, but for the past
two weeks it was known that he could
not recover. Last Sunday night he
died, and on Monday his remains were
taken to his former home, Sonora, for
burial, which took place Tuesday. He
was a native of this State, having been
bprn in Spnora, and was 3P years and
6 months old at the time of his death.
He was unmarried, but leaves h\B
mother and one brother. . < f r ±i
TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
New Era, Carters, April 27, 1900.
$A break occurred in the main ditch
ol the Tuofumrie County Water Cqrja.
pany at a point high up in the mount
ains, last Sunday, and as a consequence
all the mines along the line were com
pelled to partially close down for a.few
days. As soon as the : break was. dis
covered a large force of men was lent
up and yesterday completed t|io neces
sary repair's/ ' ! '
Puring the last stprm a little snow
feHjn Carters, though it laid pn the
ground but a tew minutes. Along the
West Side Flume and Lumber Com
pany 'b narrow gauge it was sufficiently
heavy to stop work for a day or two. At
Sugar Pine there were six inches, while
eight inches was the measurement at
the Empire sawmill, and though all
mslt»3d tfithjn twenty-fpur 'hours it
made the roads so 'impassable ttiat 'the
jjig lumber 'teams ' were compelled to
B\t ip a, trip. A! great deal of snow ia
The Amador Ledger.
reported to have fallen in : the higher
Sierra. •>I^l 1
Mother Lode Magnet, Jamestown, April, 25,1900.
An accident occurred in jan upraise
at the Harvard mine Monday : night,
whicb. fortunately was not serious.
Charles Zany and David Cunio Bred
nine holes and then descended the lad
der sixty feet and counted: One hole
missed tiro, Zany went up and sup
plied another fuse. He had gone down
only thirty feet when the shot went off.
He heard the report ' and- protected
himself by keeping bis . head directly
beneath a timber. He hung on to the
ladder with a death-like clutch while an
avalanche of debris shot by him. Then
he slid down the air pipe, and, as he
reached the bottom of the upraise,
fell unconscious. Cunio, who was at
the bottom of the ladder when the
shot went off, was burled against the
sides of the raise by the force of the
concussion and somewhat stunned. He
was soon himself again, • and, rafter
lighting a candle, devoted his atten
tion to reviving Zany, who it was found
had a severe scalp wound which was
dressed later by Doctor Congdon.
Independent, Sonora. April £8, 1909.
i The suit for $15,000 damages brought
by Charles W. Carr against Vincent
Wooters was by . consent ordered dis
missed without costs last Saturday,
after* the caae had occupied the atten
tion of the court for the greater part
of the week. The motion for dismis
sal wan made by tho attorneys for the
plaintiff, who stated that "they had
been deceived as to tho character of
tbe case, and that tho plaintiff had not
shown good faith in his representa
tions as to facts. Tbe motion - was
made after considerable evidence had*
bjf.n introduced.
EL DORADO COUNTY.
Republican. Placurrille, April 26, 19(0.
. T ThuCit.y Fathers assembled for or
ganization at the Courthouse Monday
morning, the day required by the char
ter for. this proceeding, , ; They all
look 'sufficiently paternal .for ordinary
purposes — even Jay Fox, the juvenile
member of the Board, having a father
ly air of coming responsibilities. They
were all sworn in and the bonds of the
elective officers were fixed. Alderman
Ingham was elected President' of the
Council." He will bo the presiding of
ficer-in the absence of the Mayor.
The Board selected Fred Irwin as City
Attorney and for Treasurer A. Mier
son. The date of the next meeting
was set for the evening of the 24th at
the Courthouse as a temporary expe
dient till a permanent place of assem
blage can be arranged, Jt }s under
stood that one or both of the fire
companies will offer a hall to the City
Council as a meeting place free of rent.
Coronor Winchell investigated the
death of John McGraw, who was found
dead near Fairplay last week, and
found that death resulted from old age
and heart disease. The deceased had
been under treatment for some time by
Dr. Taylor at Fairplay. The remains
were removed to Placerville and in-
U-rrod in the Catholic cemetery last
Thursday. It is said that Mr.' Mc-
Graw had about $1500, and that a will
was left disposing of this amount.
J. A. Vance, Superintendent, of the
Starlight mino, was iv Placerville Mon
day. Mr. Vance is an Amador county
miner, who was born and raised on the
Mother Lode.
Democrat , P|acervil|e, April 2§. ISOO.
At 8:30 o'clock last Thursday even
ing an alarm was sounded for ablaze
on Bee street. Qn reaching the scene
it was found to be tho newly construct
ed residence of W.E.Collins. Being
outside the fire and water system area,
the firemen were unable to render any
assistance, and the house and nearly
all its contents were quickly consumed.
The loss" falls rather heavily on Mr.
Collins as he had just' completed the
building at a cpst pf $900, and the
painters, had only the day befpre been
paid off. There was an insurance of
$500 on the house and $200 on the fur
niture and clothing. The cause of tbe
fire was the proverbial terra cotta
stqvepipo.
Qn Every Bottle
Of Sbiloh's Consumption cure is this guaran
tee; ■ "All we ask of "you is to use two-thirds of
the contents of this bottle faithfully, then if
you can say you are not benefited, return tbe
bottle to your druggist and he may refund tbe
price paid." Price paid »c, 50c and tl. For
sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. ,' •_■
Sold His Meteor.
, The Mining and Scientific Press of
April 21st, has the following item of
local interest: "To San Francisco on
the 19tt} inst. was b.rgugljt what' the
shipper says was sold to him for a me
teor. The chunk weighs 1800 pounds
and is locally considered valuable, as
the greater part of it is thought by
the shipper to be copper. He says he
bought it from a man in Amador
county who told him that it fell from
fie sk|es abgut fifteen years ago, and
many, residents of that county say they
remember a meteor falling there about
that time. It is about the shape of a
potato and seems to be of the usual
composition of aerolites."
» - ; : —
Do Hot Overlook This
And purchase' from "sbme'^one else.
Just received my spring and summer'
gpbds, which I carefully selected >yhile.
in the city, and th,ey are ng\F re^dy fpp
inspection. Come one, come all and
get your first pick. lam also making
a special sale of summer pants, valued
at $10,' selling at $7.50. Remember
that this sale will only last for six
weeks. . Max Ladak,
4-6 tf The Tailor, Jackspn, Cftl.
Remember That
You can always get 'good, fresh' fish the whole
year round at A.-B. Caminettl's Central Mar
k«t Main street, Jaokson, « 4-'B9
JACKSON, AMADOE COUNTY. CALIFORNIA, FRTDAV, MAY 4. 1900.
RECOGNITION IN CONGRESS
Irrigation Receives Consid-
erable Attention.
WORK OF INVESTIGATION BY ELWOOD HEAD
Several Millions Have Contributed to
the Construction of Canals
In Egypt-
While for a great many years there
has been much talk of urging upon
Congress the necessity and importance
of reclaiming tbe arid West through a
series of internal improvement by the
Government, there has been but little
serious or concerted effort made in this
direction. Great undertakings are not
accomplished in a single year of agita
tion and some of the most beneficial
measures ever enacted were before Con
gress for a long period of years. But
the failure of the Government thus far
to appropriate money for reservoir con
struction has led some men to assert
that it is useless to make any farther
effort to induce Congress to render this
desired assistance. This is certainly a
superficial view of the situation. The
records of Congress show that, until
the last two years, but little has been
attempted in the way of introduction of
bills, urging the matter before commit
tees or any other direct work done to
accomplish the construction of storage
reservoirs. Such claims, therefore,
made by some few men that because
Congress has not, during the past
twenty years, favorably considered the
proposition, and has not appropriated
anything for the building of storage
reservoirs, that, therefore, it will not
be just as well for tho West to give up
such a useless campaign and combine
on some other policy, roust be consid
ered as a weak and nerveless view.
Although the policy of national aid in
the building of storage reservoirs has
not yet been established, yet Congress
is fully alive to the importance of the
irrigation subject and regularly appro
priates considerable sums for stream
measurements, reservoir surveys, irri
gation investigations, etc. The present
agricultural bill carries $35,000 for irri
gation investigations by the Depart
ment of Agriculture and appropriations
have been regularly made by Congress
for such work since 181XJ. The Depart
ment is now doing active wprk along
this line,
"There is need," says Professor El
wood Mead, who is carrying on the
work in the field, "for a systematic in
vestigation to determine the volume of
water used in the growth of crops,' both
to ascertain the requirements of differ
ent climates, and to determine the re
lation between the variations in the de
mands of crops and the fluctuations in
the flow of streams. This informa
tion is needed as a basis fpr Jlio prgper
diversion of streams by administrative
officers. It is needed by canal builders
in order to properly design these struct
ures and it is needed by farmers to pro
mote the saving of water and thus limit
losses through an inadequate supply, ot
to extend the acreage which can be
cultivated.
PRACTICAL MEASUREMENTS..
"Measurements shpuld be made to
show the utility of storage resprypirs
and the part tl}ey pan be made to per
form in both saving the crops of farm
ers, now living along streams and make
it possible for others to settle there.
Without a definite knowledge of the
variations which exist between the use
of water in different months of tho irri
gation season and the fluctuation in tbe
discharge of a stream, we can (inly con
jecture as to, the amount of Hpqd water
available for storage."
It will be no small task, according to
Mr. Mead, to put into shape a correct
and intelligible guide which may be re
lied upon as an authorative summary of
the data pn which tho (lovelpprnont of
tfjo irrigation system pf the. great West
should be fpunded.
THE CANALS. OF EGYPT,
The great system of canal* which af
ford fertility to Egypt has boon devel
oped at an expense of fearful suffering
and labor on the part of its construct
ors. Many of the largest of the canals
have been built by unpaid labor or what
is known as the corvee. When Me
hernet Ali, at the beginning of the
century began the canals which tpday
cut up the country, corvees of more
than m_en were seen, "drafted
from every part pf Egypt, digglpg the
Mahmoudieh canal. At that time the
labor demanded annually by this des
potic power corresponded to the em
ployment of 450,000 laborers for four
months. The poor fellahs who were
thus driven to onerous labors, usually
received pp benefit to their' own lands.
The methods employed in excavating
were the most primitive. The only
tools used were the fass, a kind of large
hoe, and the couffin, a basket woven
from the stems of palms. The corvee
was usually divided into diggers' and
carriers and children frequently consti
tuted the latter. The corvee was di
rected by hone tog genije overseers.
\a the digging pf Egypt's c'gn/als. tbe
lash. has. pj'ajred i*n important part.
Is a Good Thing.
Muddy complexions, nauseating breath come
from chronic constipation. Karl's Clover Rooi
Tea is an absolute cure and has been sold for
fifty years on an absolute guarantee. Prico 35q
and 50c. For gale. by. A. Go.ldner, Prugglst. ?
M. E. Church Service!.
Preaching every Sunday at II a. m. and 7:30.
p. m. Sunday tichool, 2 p.m.; Ep worth League,
B:4S p. m. Prayer meeting every Thursday,
11:80. F. A. Morrow, pastor. " t
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
The Faculty Gave a Banquet ,to the
Philippine Commissioners.'
University of California, April
25, 1900.— The freshmen and sopho
mores of the University of California
met on the campus in a rush at 4
o'clock . last Monday afternoon, April
23d. It was not the old-time irrespon
sible scrimmage,, but a game, played
under the supervision of tho director
of physical culture and student referees
according to a rigid code of rules which
rid it of all objectionable features.
The president and a number of other
members of the University were at the
dock Tuesday, April 17th, to bid good
by to Professor Bernard Moses, \ the
new Philippine Commissioner, when he
sailed for Manila on the transport Han
cock. Tbe formal farewell of the Uni
versity was a great rally on the campus
Friday morning, April 13th, when Pro
fessor Moses and Judge <William H.
Taft of the commission .addressed the
students. Saturday- evening the fac
ulty gave a banquet in San Francisco
in honor of Professor Moses and the
Commissioners.
■ The last academic act of Professor
Moses was to conduct the public ex
amination of Miss Jessica Peixotto of
San Francisco for the degree of Doctor
of Philosophy. Miss Peixotto .'gradu
ated from the University in 1894,
studied in Paris, and has recently com
pleted an important thesis on the
French Revolution and Modern French
Socialism.
Great interest has been shown in the
five lectures on recent French poetry
which are being delivered at Hearst
Hall by M. Henri de Rognier of Paris,
one of the most celebrated of contem
porary poets. Professor and Madame
F. V. Paget have invited twelve hun
dred guests to meet M. and Madame de
Regnier at Hearst Hall on Friday even
ing.
Tho last recitations for the year were
held on Wednesday, April 25th. On
Thursday the annual inspection, par
ade, review and sham battle of the
University cadets took place. Exam
inations will begin April 27th, and con
tinue until Wednesday, May 9th.
.Class day will be on May 10th; com
mencement on Wednesday, May 16th.
Chapters of Alpha Tau Omega, the
men's fraternity, and of . Delta Delta
Delta, the sorority, have been estab
lished in the Univerity of California.
The Lick Observatory has just pub
lished a large volume entitled, "Meri
dian Circle Observations of Three Hun
dred and Ten Stars," in which for the
first time the results are made public
of a series of extremely important ob
servations by A^trpnonjer R.H.Tucker.
It embodies the results of over five
thousand observations during a period
of several years. -^ ■ -.- ■. - 
Do You. Know
Consumption Is preventable? Science has
proven that, and also that neglect is suicidal.
The worst cold or cough can be cured with Shi
loh's Cough and Consumption Cure, Sold on
positive guarantee for over fifty years. For sale
by A. Goldner, Druggist - . » '■
§UHQ4Y SQHOgus.
International General Secretary to Be
Present at the State Meeting.
San Jose is taking more than usual
interest in the preparations being made
for the State Convention pf the North
ern California Sunday School Associa
tion that meets June 19th to 21st, ow
ing to the great crowd that is expected
to be present to greet the Interpatjpnal
General Secretary; Marion Lawrence,
pf Tflledp., P h iPi and a Pftrty of &ye
men who will accompany him as rep
resentatives of the International work.
The party is sent out to attend the
convention at a cost of $2000, and the
91,000 members of the California As
sociation are going to be represented
by the largest number of d^egatps ever
sent up tp ( a S.tate. meeting." Each pf
the. lfoQ schppls is entiled to send
'■ 'five delegates besides their pastor, or
superintendent, and one additional
delegate for each fifty members en
rolled in their school abovo the first
fifty." All Protestant Sunday spljpflla
of tbe State are members of the asso
ciation, and use the International Les
sons in their schools. These lessons
are used hy 17,50P,000 persons each
The party of international represent
atives will visit all the Northwestern
States in their tour, which will con
sume about six weeks' time. The Gen
eral Secretary of the California Asso
ciation, Earl S. Bingham, of San Jose,
is now visiting all the. counties at the
time of their county Sunday school in
stitutes, and besides talking methods
p,f Sunday school work is arranging
for large j dejegatipns . tQ attend the
gtate meeting. Much enthusiasm is
shown by the members, and the county
presidents, who are transportation
managers, are . planning for special
cars and trains. Besides this there is a
one and one-third round trip rate open
to, alj frflm all parts "or the State.
Railroad certificates, provisional pro
grams, delegates' credential blanks,
etc., can be secured by addressing the
General Secretary, Earl S. Bingham,
San Jose.
How Is Tour Wifel
Has she lost her beauty ? If so constipation,
indigestion, sick headache,- are' thVprinclpaj
causes, JtarVs' Clover Pjipt Tea haVcureofthese
Uls for hajf a. "centu.ry. prjee 3qo i a.nd »o.
Mpney refunded if results are not satisfactory.
For sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. *
Free to Inventors.
The experience of C. A. Snow & Co. in obtain
ing more than 20,000 patents for inventors has
enabled them to helpfully answer maqy ques
tions relating to, ii.fi pro.fec.tion' of Intellectual
property. This they have done in a pamphlet
treating briefly of United States and foreign
patents; with cost of same' and how to procure
them; trade marks, designs.' caveats, infringe-.
ments, deolsions in' leading patent uascs^ etc.
etc
This pamphlet will be sent free to anyone
writing to dA. Snow & Co. , Washington, d. 0.
TO PREVENT FOREST FIRES
An Official Investigation to
Be Made.
TSET MADE HIM TAKE THE FOUR DOLLARS
Ceylon Green Tea.— He Always Had
to Stand When He Heard
Beecher Talk. ■
'Investigation of the causes, effects,
and means of prevention of forest fires
in . the West, will be carried on this
••iramer In Washington, Oregon, Cali
fornia,' Arizona, IV New Mexico,* Utah,*
Colorado, Wyoming, Montana, Idaho,
South Dakota. Besides field 'study,
designated chiefly to discover means of
preventing the evil, the Division is
making a historic record of all import
ant tires which have occurred in the
United States since 1754. Although
yet incomplete, this indicates that the
annual recorded loss by forest burnings
in the United States is. at the very
lowest, $20,000,000. It will probably
run far above this sum, as the Pacific
coast States have been [only partially
examined. Accounts of over 5,500
disastrous fires have been obtained in
the seventeen States already examined.
Michigan,. Minnesota and Wisconsin
have suffered the most severely. These
records are taken chiefly from news
papers, and where it has been possible
to compare them with the figures of
practical lumbermen, it has been found
that the tendency of tho press is to un
derestimate the damage.
A Fortunate Mistake.
"There is a young man in Chicago,"
says a local physician, "who now has a
good business and bright prospects who
received his start in life by securing $4
that did not belong to him. I hardly
know under what to class the incident
of obtaining the money. I will let tho
story explain his actions.
"This young man arrived in Chicago
one day without funds, but with plenty
of nerve and push. He wanted money
to secure a meal and pay his room .rent
until he could secure a position. Be
lieving he could find some vaa,n whp
would help him if he to(d his story in a
straightforward manner, he entered a
cigar establishment in Dearborn street.
Ho was about to explain his condition
and ask for assistance until he could
get a position when, tbe proprietor
looked up with a fierce scowl, 'He
turned to his partner, and they held a
consultation for a few moments. 'Now,
take this $4 and don't bother me about
that bill again. That's all you will get,
and now you can get out of this place
in a hurry,' exclaimed the storekeeper.
"The young man w^s. pushed toward
the dggr wjth the money in his hand,
and, try as he would, the storekeeper
would not let him talk. Once in the
street the bewildered fellow considered
the matter in every detail and decided
to keep the money. This he flid,, and a
month or sp. latei> he again walked into
the cigar store and told his story and
returned the money." — Chicago News.
Cey\on §reea fea,.
Encouraged by the success they have
made with black teas In America, the
planters of Ceylon have been experi
menting in order to produce a green
tea — pure, uncolored and unfermonted.
Samples have been coming over for
several months for examination by ex
perts, and 'm neajrl^ every case the re
ports have, been highly favorable and
to the effect that tho teas are clean and
free from adulteration and coloring
matter. Several small lots of Ceylon
greens, made after, the manner of the
most approved samples, have arrived
and have been eagerly purchased, and
at present the demand is in excess of
the supply.— N. Y. Trihuue,
Beecher'a Hard Luck.
One day in a town where he was to
lecture Mr. Beeober went Into a barber
shop to be shaved. The barber, not
knowing him, askod him whether he
was going to hoar Beecher lecturo.
"I guess so, " was the reply.
"Well," continued the barber, "if
you haven't got a ticket you can't get
qne> They're all sold, and you'll have
to stand.'-'. ; ..■
"That's wy }ueV said Mr.
Beecher. m always did have to stand
when I've heard that man talk." — The
Ladies' Home Journal.
An Unfortunate Interruption^
"We plight tv apply the principles
of our political system, " the curbstone
orator was saying to the group of lis
teners gathered around him, "to all
our possessions. It is our boast a,s
Americans that our government rests
upon of the governed"—
l< Gwan, now!" exclaimed an impos
ing figure in uniform, with a star upon
his breast and a strong M^leafon accent,
pushing the prp.wd' right and left and
hustling the pratpr briskly along.
"Don't blook up the sidewalk!"— Ch
icago Tribune. •
Up to Sate.
Jones— l hear ho gftt all the negro
Johnston — Yes, instead of running for
office, he cake-walked. — Kansas City In
dependent. •
H. Clark, Chauncey, Ga., says DeWitt's Witcb,
Hazel Salve cured him of piles that bad afflicted
him for twenty years. It is also a speedy cure
for skin deseases. Beware of dangerous count
erfeits. CUj Pharmacy,
In' the Canadian Northwest.
That evening I dined at the hotel,
sitting next to a Bishop in orthodox
Episcopal garb. At the next table was
a quiet looking youth, who was heir
presumptive to an English marquisate;
another was in a very similar position,
owing to a recent return among the
killed and wounded in South Africa.
The Bishop, if I may be allowed to
use such a disrespectful expression, was
chortling. He was doing it softly and
unobtrusively, but he was undeniably
ticklod. The . night before he had
found himself alone in a Pullman with
a prominent rancher and a Japanese
student from an , American university.
They had read all their papers, talked
themselves hoarse, and the rancher
suggested a game of whist. To get a
fourth they enlisted the services of the
colored porter on tbe car. "The por
ter played a remarkably fine rubber,"
said his lordship f gleefully; "the Jap
had only 1 " played • twice before, but he
picked it up in the most wonderful
mann c r; but I wonder what they would
think of such a quartet over in Eng
land!" I always did respect that Bishop.
"I left on the train that night, with
a couple of police officers from Calgary,
in the heart of the ranching district,
where they were raising another simi
lar corps, enlisting some of the finest
cowboys in the Territories. One man,
they told me, presented himself to the
recruiting officer,' and stated his var
ious qualifications strongly but con
cisely. -,:■..
The officer looked at him hard and
said : "W hero have I seen you before?
Why, you've • been convicted three
times of horso stealing!"
"Yes, sir, " responded the unabashed
volunteer, Lopofully, "and I've brought
my rope!" ; "^C
The sequel of the story is unauthen
ticatod, but it is whispered that that
officer will never be short of a good
horse if there is one anywhere in the
neighborhood during the campaign.—
Blackwood's Magazine.
Wooded Area of the U. S.
The former official estimate of 'the
wooded area of the United States,
placed at 2fi per cent., has been raised
to 37 per cent, by the latest computa
tions of the Division of Geography and
Forestry of the TJ. S. Geological Sur
vey. That office has issued a bulletin
containing new figures on American
forests, some pf vvhioh tend to prove
tho national timber resources greater
than is supposed.
The two latest States to be examined
are Oregon and Washington. The
former is estimated to contain 234,653
million feet, B. M., in standing timber;
the latter, 114,778 million feet. De
struction by fire has been exceedingly
serious in Washington. On the as
sumption, that the burned areas con
tained on an average as much limber
as the untouched portion, 40,00Q naU
lion feet have been destroyed since
lumbering began, This amount would
supply all the sawmills of tbe United
States for two years, and at a value of
only 75 cents a thousand, means a dead
loss to the State of $30,000,000. Th.c
amount actually logged, \n the same
period has hgeo iW,~OOO million ; feet,
making the estimate by the same com
parison of areas. Oregon has suffered
less from both fire and lumbering,
owing to the smaller f,a.c\lit\eg for mar
keting product,
Tell Tour Sister
A beautiful complexion is an impossibility
without good pure blood, the sort that only ex
ists in connection with good digestion, a healthy
liver and bowels. Karl's Clover Root Tea acts
directly on the bowels, liver and kidneys, keep
ing them in perfect health. Price 25c and 50c.
Fpr sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. •
MISCELLANEOUS.
■ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦»
<' < '
<1 < 1
<1 < 1
I lit Is True j;
i * - .i '
<• i •
: ; That We Keep the Best i I
:: Quality of Drags and i:
: : the Largest and Most !
i Complete Variety Stock i j
j: i :
I A Host of Patrons Will i
I Tell You This and Will 1 1
i : Direct You to 1 1
IITHE CITY PHARMACY.,!;
J i BOBEKT I. KEHK \ ',
< 1 Main Street JACKSON < ',
♦♦♦»♦♦♦»«••♦#••♦♦••♦♦»♦♦♦♦
LEDGER'S CLUBBING RATES.
Ledger and Daily Call, one year , 87 60
Ledger and Weekly Ca.lt, aue year 3 60
Ledger and Ra.il y Bulletin, one year 6 SO
L.edg«r and Semi-Weekly Bulletin, 1 ye'r 4 20
Ledger and Weekly Bulletin, one year. . . 390
Ledger and Daily Chronicle, one year. . . , 7 70
Ledger and Weekly Chronicle, oce ytmr . 3 60
Ledger and Weekly Examiner, one year. 3 60
Ledger and, Ditfiy Examiner, one year ... 8 30
ledger and N. Y. Weekly Tribune, 1 ye'r 3 00
Ledger and N. Y. Tri- Weekly Tribune, ly 3 30
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Magazine, Iyr 3 35
Ledger and S. F. Weekly Post, one year. 3 00
Ledger and MoCall's Magazine, one year 2 75
Ledger and St. Louis Globe Democrat, ly 3 00
Ledger and " Twice a Week," one year . . 300
mf Tbe above rates are strictly in advance.
MISCELLANEOUS.
„" I found your medi-
cine a blessing to me
and my family." ;^
There are women who feel something
like a gnxlge against the children, who,
one after another rob their mother of her
beauty and strength. Men do not usually
realize how much the mother gives to
each child to her own loss. >Vomen
accept it as part of the obligation of
Nature and pay the debt grudgingly.
Yet in Nature's plan every child ts a
new joy and fresh happiness, git isn't
the children that . steal the - mother's
strength. It is the unnatural drains and
pains which weaken her.
Every woman who has used Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription has found in it the
one thing woman has waited for. It
stops the drains, heals inflammation and
ulceration, makes the baby's advent a
pleasure and his life a blessing. No
opiates or narcotics are contained in
" Favorite Prescription."
" I read what your medicine had done for other
people," writes Mrs. Edwin H. Gardner, Box 70,
Beechwood, Norfolk Co., Mass., "so thought
I would try it, and I found that it was a blessing
to me and my family. I began in June and took
six bottles of your medicine, and three vials of
• Pellets. 1 I tpok your medicine a year when I
had a ten pound girl. I had the easiest time I
ever had with any of my children. I have been
very well since. X took three bottles of " Favor-
ite Prescription, three of ' Golden Medical Dis-
covery,' and three vials of 'Pellets.' I had no
appetite and could not eat much without it dis-
tressing me. Before I took the medicine I only
weighed 135 pounds, and now I weigh 175."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets clear the
brain by cleansing' the body of the cor-
ruption which clouds it.
L. OEITINGEK s. IT. KNIGHT
• KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutter creek, Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest .and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
and complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Importud and Domestlo
Wines*Liquors*Cigars
JACKSON, CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon, White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros ',
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries; Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres,
»WH C il£frH^^^r : | A S?n^L^
lted, Walkerviile, Ontario, Canada; John de
Kuyper 4 Zoon, Rotterdam, Gin; GilkaKuem-
mej, from J. A. Gllka, Berlin; Barthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester N. V., Knicker-
bocker Beer; Hogshead Brand of Guinness'
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London) ; Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Whi' kl agl6e Brandy; RGtaPWt** American
FIHB ACCIDENT LIFE
I. J. FONTENROSE
General Insurance Agent
and Searcher of Records
OOloe : Marelia building, Court street. Jackson
BIOF AiPOR H
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : ; : $50,000
President.^ Henry Eudey
Vice-President S. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudey
BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
Henry Eudey, S. G. Spagnoli, John Strohm, C.
Marelia and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT.— Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from the Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from Ore
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County ; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postofflce or express. Money sent
to all parts of tbe United States and also all
parts of the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County.
They receive deposits from t5 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die it oan't be found and you are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive
iH. A. MAILS
For the Best
Assortment of
Dry Goods
CUACC
AND
Furnishing -:- Goods ifc
Of All Kinds
For Ladiesl
And Children
At the Lowest Prices
GO TO
M. A. MAILS
Sutter Creek
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, Jackson
Dealer in
AMERICAN WATCHES, CLOCKS MOT*
AND SILVERWARE
*B" All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watches, Clocks and jewelry a
specialty.
Ten Cents Per Copy.
LAWYERS.
~CI A. FREEMAN
Attorney-at-Law -
Jackson, Cal.
Office in Marelia building, corner Main and
Court streets.
DB. SFAGNUU
Attorney and Counselor at Law
Jackson, Cal.
Practice in all the States and Federal courts
Office: Spagnoli building, opposite Hall of'
: V CABUNETTI
Attorney and Counselor at Law
Jackson, Cal.
Will practice in all the State and Federal
-courts.': ::,'"■! ■■.;- :., ;•»..
— — — — —^— — — - — —^ _—
"O OBEKT IC. BOLB
-, Attorney-at-tAW
Jackson, Cal.
Office : Farley building. Summit street. •• -
"VTEII. A. MACQCABRIE
'v'V : Attorney and Counselor at Law
Jackson, Cau , • ■ ■
Office: Spagnoli block, Courthouse square.
T VT. CALDWEU .
Attorney-at-Law -.
Jackson, Cal.
Will practice in all courts of the State
"M 7" H. WIILIS
Aitorne)r-*t-Law
Jackson, Cal.
Office: With E. A. Freeman. Practice in •
State Courts.
JOHN F. DAVIS
V— fr LAWYER
- Jackson, Cal.
Offlce on Summit Street, opposite Courthouse.
JACOB L. SAKGENT
JACKSON, CAL. MVi;
Office: Marelia building. Court street. Mines
and mining laws a specialty.
■i;^ NOTARIES.
TTILDA CI.OUGH
Stenographer and Notary Public
Jackson, Cal.
Offlce, Judge Davis" law offices, Summit Street.
-V - ;f DOCTORS.
Tp V. TIFFAN*
Physician and Surgeon
Plymouth, Cal. I f: '~
W Offlce on Main Street : : . : . : . • : •;:
FRED HUTCHINS. M. D.
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Offlce with Dr. Robertson. Is the Kay building.
Will be in his offlce every evening (Sundays ex-
cepted) Irom 7to 0. , ■_
Xf E. ENDICOTT, M. D. . .
Physician and Surgeon
JACKSON, CAL.
Offlce: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times, ■ . .-- - ;
-pvß. E. V. LONIGO
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal. '
Offlce: .Webb building, Main street. Resi-
dence : Broadway, near Marre's Hotel.
TAR. A. M. GALL
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Offlce in Weil & Benno bui Wing, Main Street.
MC. SIMMONS
Physician and Surgeon
SCTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office: Richards building. Residence: Sut-
ter Hotel.
pVR. J. H. GILES
Physician and Surgeon
Setter Creek, Cal.
Offlce: Eureka Street, one block east of Main.
— i
|\B* C. A. B^ERRICH.
-,-7, -7- DENTIST
Jackson. Cal.
Offlce in Kay building. Hours from 9a. m. to
5 p.m.
MISCELLANEOUS.
JACKSON
Marble and Granite Works
HEADSTONES
MONUMENTS
All Kinds of Marble and Granite
CITY FBICZS
Granite curbings from 11.25 (and upward) a
foot. Cement curbings DO cents a foot..
Come and see me, for you will be well pleased
with my work.
A. FRANATOVICH, Jackson, Cal.
I. L. GODFREY
BUILDER, JOINER HID WORKER II WOODS
Water Street, Jackson
IS PREPARED TO DO ALL KINDS OF
plain or ornamental work. Bookcases,
Wardrobes, Commodes, etc., turned ont in ths
most skillful manner. Window Screens and
Blinds made in short order. Orders from tho
country attended to promptly.
... v. . ' . .. : .'iV
Porter & Cheney
Mines and Mining Stock
Mines Bought and Sold • - - -
• • - -Corporations Organized
We make a specialty of unlisted - -
mining stock of the "Mother Lode*
530 California Street, San Francisco.THE A M ADO R- tt L E DG ER
Published' Fridays by
AMADOR COUNTY.r PUBLISHING " COMPANY.
:• •• „:/ I ■
* SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One Yeab (if not in advance) $3 00
One Year (in advance) :...... : 2 50
Six Months 1 25
: "Thuee Months. . . '.'. 75
— One or More Copies of the Ledger, each .' 10
Legal Advertising — Per Square — First Insertion $1 00
Suhsequent j Insertions— Per Square— «ach. 50
P. BUFFIN6TON ; : :. <fri ( : . : .^- : 1 Editor and Manager
FRIDAY. ...:.. W. \ !:L... ;i ; . . ; MAY 4, 1900
ANGLOPHOBIC HYSTERIA.
Fresno Republican: -"I want nothing to do with that
* nation of robbers .and murderers, unless it be to join the
other nations. of the earth in a- notice to England that she
..must close her career of piracy, must pull down her black
flag, and withdraw her armed forces from all her colonies
"and allow them to be free."'
So says Pettigrew,;the hysterical, speaking of England,
the only nation' on earth whose colonies are already free.
One can imagine the amusement with which this fervid offer
-of revolutionary assistance would be read in Canada, Aus
tralia, or by any. intelligent resident of any English colony
in the world. It is high time that such nonsense ceased to
play its role in American political discussiou. England is
not America; her ways are not as our ways, her ideals not as
our ideals, and we think, and doubtless rightly think, that
our ways and ideals are far better. But England is uot the
arch-fiend, the international ogre. On the contrary, England
is the most enlightened nation in the world, barring our own,
and all the traditions that make us great have their begin
ning far back in English history. English colonial govern
ment is the. freest and fairest and the only disinterested
colonial government in the world. English civilization, in
its various developments, is the one dominant fact in the
world to-day, and the best fact. Every intelligent 'man in
the United States knows these things, including the politicians
who do the loudest proclaiming of the contrary assertion, and
it would be the part of justice as well as dignity to recognize
the truth.
England has faults enough and crimes enough, as what
nation has not? There can be no more objection to an in
telligent statement of these faults than to an intelligent
recognition of the services to civilization which they have
marred but not vitiated. - But there is no excuse of truth
and there ought to be no pretext of public acclaim for making
political capital out of these hysterical denunciations of
England as a "nation of robbers and murderers."
One of the exhibits' at the Paris Exposition by the De
partment of Agriculture of our Government, shows the reason
and the wherefore of the fact that on a bad road, an ordinary
American country road, it takes twenty horses to draw an
eleven ton load; on a good road one horse draws the same load
as easily as did the twenty horses in the other case. What
folly, to go to Paris with such an exhibition when it ought
to be placed on view in every county ,in the home laud.
What we want is proof of the pudding right here, and like
wise proof to convict the minds of our own people that the
road which enables a load to be moved most swiftly with least
power, is cheaper than olie that demands most power to move
the least, load. Some day the American, people will awaken
fully to the fact that they are paying a thousand per cent,
more for their bad roads. Until that awakening comes we
will continue to go to mill with the stone in one cud of the
bag.— Record-Union.
Senator Fairbanks knows the politics of Indiana as
few men do, and how much he thinks of the alleged Republi
can revolt in that State, which is so big in the columns of the
anti-Republican press aud so hard to find by those on the
ground, may be judged by his having said of the political
outlook. "The administration stands in higher favor today
than ever before, and will undoubtedly be sustained by the
people, who are not prepared to check, interrupt, or reverse
the present prosperous condition of affairs. It is not possible
that the people will repeat the mistake of 1892. The Repub
lican party has redeemed the principal pledges made in 1896,
and has brought prosperity to all classes of our people. We
are quite ready to meet our opponents in the. campaign." Of
the Porto Rico tariff, now a law, the alleged cause of the
alleged Republican revolt, Senator Fairbanks said: '.'lt is
based upon proper principles and will justify itself. My in
forinationshows that a very stroug current in its favor is
setting in, and as it becomes better understood the criticism
will decrease."
Bryan's followers are not happy. The cause of their
growing uneasiness can be safely attributed to Perry Bel
mont's recent appearance in Washington as one of Dewey's
financial backers. The report that Boss Croker, who is on
the eve of departure from Europe for this county, has made
a deal with ex-Senator Hill by which it is hoped to send the
New York delegates uninstructed to the Kansas City conven
tion, is also gall'^and bitterness to the Bryan would-be Presi
dent makers. They are afraid that Dewey will tumble their
idol into the mire. John McLean's success in undermining
Bryan. sentiment in Ohio, is also casting its shadow of gloom,
and Admiral Dewey's statement of his position on public
questions caps the climax and they turn aside and weep.
TTHE AMADOU LEDGER; JACKSON, IaLIFOKNTA. FRIDAY, MAY 4. 1900.
asp,;. Senator Chandler thiuks.Gov. Roosevelt is the -man
to be nominated for Vice-President on the. Republican ticket!
Speaking about it he said: "I am for Roosevelt, and I do'lnot
recognize his fight to say that he will not "accept the Vice
Presidential nomination, if the National Convention should
name him. Neithtr do I recognize, the right of President
McKinley or Senator Hauna to act for the party in deciding
upon the Vice Presidency in advance of the" convention. The
delegates will name the Vice 'Presidential ? uoniinee. , Their
judgment must determine, and any man who is named will
accept. The office has never been refused, and if Gov. Roose
velt is named by the convention, he will accept."
The Clark investigation, which caused the Senate Com
mittee on Elections to report that Clark, of Montana, was
not entitled to a seat in the Senate, which he spent some
thing like a quarter of a million dollars to get, had the im
mediate effect of causing a resolution to' be passed in the
House, with only fifteen adverse votes, proposing a consti
tutional amendmeut for the election of United States Sena
tors by direct vote of the people.
.■ Spain's attempt to retain three islands on the'outskirts
of the Philippine group was a total failure. The claim was
made on the ground that these islands were outside of the
geographical bounds named. in the Paris treaty. The Paris
agreement gave to this government the entire territory of
Spain in the Philipppiue and Sulu archipelagoes.
The Navy Department has made a contract for the pur
chase of the submarine torpedo boat Holland, which has been
giving some wonderful exhibitions on the Potomac river, and
for such other boats of the same type as may be desired in
the future. $150,000 is to be paid for the Holland^
CONCLAVE ADJOURNS.
Fast Commander Merrill Install! the New
State Officers.
The conclave' of the Knights Tem
plar was concluded last Friday at Los
Angeles." At the forenoon session
Grand Commander John F. Merrill, of
San Francisco, the retiring grand offi
cer of the State, installed with the
customary ceremonies the following
newly elected officers of the Grand
Commandory of the State of Cali
fornia:
Grand Commander — Frederick M.
Miller, of Fresno.
Deputy Grand Commander— George
B. McKee, of San Jose.
Grand Generalissimo — William Frank
Pierce, of Oakland.
Grand Captain-General— William D.
Knights, of Sacramento.
Grand Senior Warden — George Sins
sebaugh, of Los Angeles.
Grand Junior Warden — John B. do
Jarnatt, of Colusa.
Grand Treasurer — Edward Coleman,
of San Francisco.
Grand Recorder — William A. Davies,
San Francisco.
Grand Commander Miller then ap
pointed the following officers of the
Grand Coinuiandery:
Sir Knight Sink, of Stockton, Grand
Prelate. .-
Sir Knight B. P. Flint, of San Fran
cisco, Grand Standard Bearer.
. Sir Knight Georgo Whitney Merrill,
of Pomona, Grand Warden.
Sir Knight Samuel David Mayer, of
San Francisco, Grand Organist.
Sir Knight George Washington Per
kins, of San Francisco, Grand Captain
of the Guard.
Sir Knight Charles L. Field of San
Francisco, Grand Sword Bearer.
The appointive officers were then in
stalled. In the installation ceremonies
Past Grand Master Merrill had the as
sistance of Past Grand Commander
Powers, of San Diego.
The following standing committees
were then appointed:
Committee on Jurisprudence — Past
Grand Commander Frank Williams
Sumner. George Dickinson Metcalfe
and Jacob Hart Nell.
Committee on Finance — Sir Knights
Joseph M. Littlofield, Franklin Dal ton
and William B. Scarborough.
Committee on Correspondence — Sir
Knights William A. Daries, William
John Mossbolder aud Thomas Jonathan
Wilson.-
Several resolutions of thanks were
passed and a few minor matters at
tended to and the conclave of 1900 was
at an end.
J. I. Carson, Prothonotary, Washington, Pa.,
■ays, "I have found Kodol Dyspepsia Cure an
excellent remedy in case ot stomach trouble,
and have derived great benefit from its use."
It digests what you eat and can not fail to cure
City Pharmacy.
N. S. G. W. Grand Officers.
. The following grand officers were
elected at the recent session at Oroville
of the Grand Lodge of the Native Sons
of the Golden West:
Frank Mattison, Past Grand Presi
dent.
R. C. Rust, Grand President.
Frank L. Coombs, Grand First Vice-
President.
Lewis F. Byington, Grand Second
Vice-President
■ Henry Lunstedt, Grand Secretary. '.
Henry 8, Martin, Grand Treasurer.
\ H. R. McNoble, Grand Orator.
Stephen V. Costello, Grand Marshal.
J. H. Marcuse, Grand Inside Sentinel.
Joseph Goldman, Grand Outside Sen
tinel.
. Grand Trustees— C, E. McLaughlin
of Quincy, No. 131, of Plumas county;
Percy V. Long, Golden Gate, No. 29, of
San Francisco; Judge M. T. Dooling,
Fremont Parlor of Holllster; Will T.
Shea, California Parlor, No. 1, San
Francisco; James L. Gallagher of Alca
traz, San Francisco; J. R. Knowland,
Halcyon' Parlor, Alameda.
. The Grand Lpdgopf 1901 will convene
at Santa Barbara.
The Finest Building Lets.
Remember that W. P. Peek has the
If nest building lots fur sale in Jackson,
Terms easy. See display advertisement
in this paper. . 3-2- tf
McCall's Magtwine.
Sample copies of McCall's Magazine at the
i.f.H'.ku ofttce, without money and without
price. Step in and get one. First come, first
served. *
For a clean shave or a stylish hair
cut, gp to the Globe Shaving Parlor.
North Main *t(ie<et. V. A. Marini,
proprietor. 4-20-tf
Fifty pieces of light figured calico,
spring styles, new patterns, at 5 cents
per yard, at the White House. 2-16-tf
"I think DeWftfs Little Karly Risers are the
best pills in the world," says W. E. Lake,
Happy Creek, Va. They remove all obstructions
ot the liver an 4 bowels, act quickly and never
gripe. City Pharmacy,
A SPECIAL MEETING!
The .Jackson Republican Club Met Monday
■-•/.- ,' •" Evening.
A special meeting' of the Jackson
Republican Club was held in the Webb
building Monday evening, April 30th.
President Herrick called the meeting
toorder at 8:15, and the minutes of the
preceding meeting were read and
adopted without alteration.
Under the head of "Reports of Com
mittees," Mr. Richard Webb made due
I report of his attendance at tho County
| Central Committee meeting of the 26th
j instant, in behalf of the club, result
ing in tho election of a delegate from
this township to the State Convention
at Sacramento, May 15th, being left to
the club and that the delegate-at-large
ibe selected by the presidents of the
! various Republican Clubs of the county.
Mr. Webb's report was unanimously
approved, and the club thereupon
prociieded to elect a delegate to the
State Convention as follows: Richard
Webb, R. J. Adams, James E. Dye,
S. G. Spagnoli and P. Bufflngton were
in turn nominated for the distin
guished honor, but neither one of
these gentlemen could devote the time
to the work, and their names' were
dropped. Mr. Will A. Newcum : then
said he would'go, and he was duly and
unanimously elected. It was also de
cided that President Herrick, when in
conference with the presidents of the
various Republican Clubs, urge the
nomination of Judge John F. Davis for
dclegate-at-large.
A courteous communication from
PresiSent McKenney, of theloneClub,
thanking tho Jackson Club for favors,
and expressing a desire to reciprocate
whenever opportunity presented itself,
was read an ordered filed. ■ "V^
After some eloquent and patriotic
remarks by Hon. Thomas Greenhalgh,
which elicited applause, and after ar
rangements had been made with L. M.
Parker, of the Enterprise stable, for
the transportation of delegates to Sac
ramento and return, the meeting ad
journed to meet on the next regular
meeting night, May 9, 1900.
A new line of wall paper, of the latest
patterns, can be had at the White
House at San Francisco prices. 2-16-tf
First-class bathing accommodations
at the Globe Shaving Parlor, Sangui
netti Building, North Main street. V.
A. Marini, proprietor. 4-20-tf
Otto Korb, Grand Chanoelor, K. of P., Boon
ville. Ind., says, "DeWltt's Witch Hazel Salve
soothes the most delicate skin and heals the
most stubborn ulcer with certain and good re
sults. Cures piles of skin deseases. Don't buy
an imitation. City Pharmacy.
DOCUMENTS . RECORDED.
DEEDS.
Elizabeth Dufrene to A. Dulrene— Lots 4 and
5 of SWK of section a», T 8 N, R 10 E; WOO.
H. D. Ranlett to Newton Copper Co.-^j.&i
acres in township A; $1 . ;
H. M. Smith to Mary Smith— Lot 16, block 1,
Jackson; love and affection. ■'-'■■
Annie Roberts to O. Noe— Lot 16. block 13,
Plymouth; |50.
W- S. Coolcdge to B. Cuneo— Land in Amador
county; *500. :'| ,
W. Woodcock to J. N. Woodcock et al.-Land
in township 7; 1500.
S. G. Folsom to J . McKelvey— Interest in Bel
mont and Lucky Q. M.; $933. ' '■
MOHTOAGES. ' ,\
A. Kellogg to T. All<Jn-EV} of SE* of section
3, T7 N, RUE; *«5. .
F. A. Orr to C. D. Brooke— Crops of hay and
grain on land in section 7; $10.
M. Lawrence et al. to W. Lewis— Live stock
on Campbell ranch, Amador county; J3SOJ. '
SATISFACTION OP MORTGAGES.
P. Violich to E. Dufrene.
T. K. Norman to A. Weil. ■ •
W. H. Shipman, Iteardsley,Mlnn.,underoath
says be suffered from dyspepsia for twenty-live
years. Doctors and dieting gave but little re
lief. Finally he used Kodol Dyspepsia Cure
and he feels like a now man. It digests what
you cat. City Pharmacy.
A complete stock of washable goods,
suitable for dresses, such as Lawns,
Organdies, Swisses, Nansooks, of all
the latest colorings, from 5c up, at the
White House. 4-6tf
BORN.
MEEK— At Jackson, April 30, 19(10. to Mr. and
and Mrs. Herbert Meek, a son.
JOHNS— At Jackson, May I, 1900, to Mr. and
Mrs. William Johns, a son.
■"■'" " DIED.
YATES— At Jackson, April :*>, l»*\ E. A. Yates,
aged « years, a native of California.
GLARK— At Oleta, May 1, 18<J0, George Wash-
ington Clark, aged 74 years, 4 months, and 23
days, v, native, Qf Kentug|;y,
Al LETTER ) FROM ALASKA.
; r • .;.,. *- :,'- si ■< -'la
Dr. C.«iH. Gibboni Writes thai -'ledger"
From Jtmean. ■ j^| \ ##
JUNEAU^AlaskarApril 20, 1900?
• Dear Ledger: «*■ <>'--
I wrote you last from Seattle just
before the steamer sailed. It was inter
esting to watch the hurry and confusion
of getting ready to sail, especially the
loading of 310 sheep and seventy-two
fat cattle. The sheep gave no trouble,
as one was pulled down the gangway by
the horns and the rest all followed, but
the cattle were frightened by the lights,
the crowd and the general strangeness
of the situation, and stampeded through
the warehouse and it was only by the
vehement and wholesale profanity" of
the drivers and deckhands that finally
they were safely housed on board. We
retired before the ship sailed and when
we awoke the ship bad crossed Puget
Sound, called at Port Townsend and
Victoria, and was In the Gulf of Georgia.
Our boat, tho steamship "City of
Seattle," is the finest vessel on these
waters. Her state-rooms are large, her
table excellent and the officers court
eous gentlemem. We had 184 passen
ger besides the live stock and a large
amount of freight. About 10 o'clock
we reached Vancouver, the rival of
Victoria, these two towns being the
chief cities of British Columbia. Hav
ing two hours to stay we went ashore
to see the place. There are a great
many elegant buildings and fine business
blocks and the general air of a thriving
city. We wore surprised to^ notice
several blocks not built upon, 'but de
voted entirely to storing nursery stock.
On looking more closely, however, we
discovered that the supposed trees and
plants were nothing but sprouts grow
ing luxuriantly around stumps of lately
cut trees. Soon the 10 minute whistle
sounded and in a short time we were
out of the harbor and steaming north
ward. This is an ideal trip for grand
and beautiful scenery. ;On either side
the shores deeply indented with bays
and narrow gorges, are covered with
pine, spruce and hemlock from the
water's edge to the tops of the mount
ains which rise abruptly several thous
and feet and still wear their winter caps
of snow. Little islands from a few feet
to several miles in extent, are common
and are covered like the shores. The
water is a delicate green and the swell
of the ocean is not noticeable here.
Wednesday night, however, while
crossing the open channel north of Van
couver Island we were treated to. a
rock-a-bye that was anything but pleas
ant. The Seattle is a vessel of light
draft and rolls in a very unpleasant
manner in a heavy swell. We were
past the disagreeable place in a few
hours and suffered no inconvenience
from seasickness. Thursday was a day
of wierd enchantment, ever pressing
northward through the narrow straits
where the solitude is almost oppressive.
One or two Indian villages and a steam
er going south were the only signs of
human life seen from the ship. Friday
morning before day break we stopped
at Ketchican, a new mining town.
After lunch the captain invited five of
us into the pilot house while passing
Wrangle Narrows. This is the most
dangerous part of the trip. Many cap
tains will not attempt the passage ex
cept at high water. The tide was now
at the low point, but our captain was
brave and know his work, and did not
wish to injure his record for quick trips.
In many places the channel was hardly
twice the vessel's width and very
crooked.' The rocky shores gave evi
dence of what might lie just beneath
the surface of the water. It was a new
and exciting experience, j Four strong
men held the wheel and the rest of us
held our breath. The captain watched
the channel, giving his orders in a low,
distinct tone that was instantly repeated
by the chief helmsman, and the wheel
whirled rapidly around, now this way,
now that, as the. great ship turned,
balanced, courtesied, swung right and
left with the stately grace of a belle in
a quadrille. Twenty-two miles of this
thrilling* experience and we again camo
into the open sound where wo had our
first view of glaciers and icebergs. . The
Alaskan cedar is now added to the for
estry list. ■ .
At 11 o'clock we landed at Juneau in
a driving snow storm.
. . Yours as ever,
W. W. Mayhew, Mcrton, Wis., says, "I con
sider One Minute Cough Cure a most wonderful
medicine, quick and safe." It Is the only harm
less remedy that gives immediate results. It
cures coughs, colds, croup, bronchitis, grippe,
whooping cough, pneumonia and all throat and
lung deseases. Its early nse prevents consump
tion. Children always like it and mothers en
dorse it. City Pharmacy.
THE PHILIPPINE WAR.
April 26.— N0 mercy for the Fili
pinos. Americans to retaliate relent
lessly on the guerrillas. General Bell
issues a proclamation. — United States
troops kill hundreds of Bolouien. —
Fifty natives surrounded in a river and
slain.
April 27. — The slaughter of Tagals
continues. Three hundred are put out
of action in North Ilocos.
April 28. — Hayes, who was a member
of the First California and - way re
ported a deserter, recently died a
prisoner.
April 29. — But little of importance
goes on in the Philippines.
April 30.— Many Filipinos become
victims of the death dealing missies
from American guns.
May I.— Filipinos besiege American
troops. In five day's fighting nineteen
of the Forty-third Volunteers are
killed.
May 2. — Filipino death list increases
steadily. Considerable skirmishing.
"No family can afford to be without One Min
ute Cough Cure. It will stop a cough and cure a
cold quicker than any other medicine," writes
C. W. Williams, Sterling Run, Pa. It cures
croup, bronchitis and all throat and lung
troubles and prevents consumption. Pleasant
and harmless. City Pharmacy.
Hone and Buggy for Sale.
The undersigned will sell his horse
and buggy at a very reasonable price.
Term 9 cash. Call on or apply to Dr.
C. A. Herrick, Jackspn, Ca). 4-13-tf
Five thousand spring samples of
clothing 1 , the latest patterns, on ex
hibitlon at the White Hqusq. 2 23-tf
LEGAL NOTICES.
Notice.
Amelia Gold Mining Company.— Location of
principal place of business, San Francisco,
California. Location of works, Amador
county, California.
"VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
_JJ>| a meeting of the Board of Directors, held
on the ninth day of February, 1000, an assess-
ment (No. 4) of Two and One-half Cents per
share was levied upon the capital stock of the
corporation; payable immediately in United
States gold coin, to the Secretary, at . the office
of the company, No. S» Sansome street, Room
4, San Francisco, California.
. Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the fourteenth day of April,
1800, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction; and. unless payment is
made before, will be sold on MONDAY, the
7th day of May, 1900, to pay the delinquent as-
sessment, together with costs of advertising
and expenses of sale. •- ■• .
By order of the Board of Directors ■ ■
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
Omce — No. 3*l Sansome street. Room 4, San
Francisco California. 3-16-td
'POSTPONEMENT.'
The date of delinquency of the foregoing as-
sessment, No. 4, has been postponed to Tues-
day, the Isth day of May, WOO, and the day of
sale to Friday, the Bth day of June, 1000.
By order of the Board of Directors
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary
Office— 33o Sansome street' Room 4, San
Francisco, California.
~ * . ' * * ' . •
Notice of Forfeiture.
To John B. Skinner:
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFED THAT 1
have expended at least $300 (two hundred)
in labor and improvements on the following-de-
scribed, placer claim: WH of EH and E% of WVi
of SW« of NEK of section 22. township 7 north,
range Id east, Mt. Diablo Base and Meridian
Volcano Mining District, Amador County,
State of California, as will appear by certifi-
cate tiled at the office of the Recorder of Ama-
dor County, Jackson, on December 29, 1898, and
January 19, 1900, in order to hold said premises
under the provisions of section 2334, Revised
Statutes of U. S., being the amount required to
hold same for the year ending December 31
1800, and if within ninety days after the publi-
cation of this notice yon fail or refuse to con-
tribute your proportion of said expenditure, as
co-owner, your interest in said claim will be-
come the property of the subscriber under said
section S*U. M. CHRISTENSEN.
Volcano, January 20. 1900. ■ 1-2&-4-27
Notice for Publication.
:; timber land. act jone 3. 1878.
United States Land Office, ..
Sacramento. California, March 22, 1900.
NOTICE IS nEREBY GIVEN THAT IN
_13| compliance wilb the provisions of the actof
Gongress of June 3, 1878. entitled '-An act for
the sale of timber lands in the States of Califor-
nia, Oregon, Nevada, and Washington Terri-
tory," as extended to all the Public Land States
by act of Angust 4, 1892, Walter S. Kirkwood, of
Jackson, county of Amador, State of California,
has this day tiled in this office his sworn state-
ment No. 1580, for the purchase of the NWM of
NE« of Section No. 22 in Township No. 10 N
Range No. 17 E. M. D. M., and will offer proof to
show that the land sought is more valuable for
its timber or stone than for agricultural pur-
poses, and to establish his claim to said land
before the Register and Receiver of this office
at Sacramento, California, on Monday, the 4th
day of June, 1900.
He names as witnesses : George A. Kirkwood
of Jackson.Cal., P. O. ; A. Yoak. of Jackson, Cal
P. O.; William E. Kellogg, of Jackson, Cal., P.
O ; Edward E. Cramer of Stockton, Cal., P. O.
Any and all persons claiming adversely the
above-described lands are requested to file their
claims in this office on or before said 4th day of
June, 1900. Silas Penry,
3-30-lOt Register.
••••••••••
2 '• ' " ■ ■
••••••••• •••••••••
i M WEE HOUSE !
••••••••••••••••••••••a***
JACKSON, CAL. ' . - .■
Basement of the Webb Building
Everything New, Neat and
Clean
MEALS SERVED AT ALL HOURS
l ii Hj ojjoi
. THE MARKET •
ALWAYS.-: ■
ON HAND
Guests treated with consideration and re-
spect at all times.
Beit liquors and Cigars at the Bar
A. QAGRE and A. TARAZ.
"WHITE DICKIE
Breaks World's Records
At the Saucer Track, LO3 Angoles.
"Ride a 'White' and keep in front and
sa ve repair bills. ' '
Hardy Downing, the mid-
dle^ distance champion,
Feb. 22, broke |all world's
records from i to 15 miles
on a 1900 White Bicycle.
H. B. Freeman broke
the one mile competition
record
Feb. 18th, oh a 1900 "White" Bicycle.
H. B. Freoman holds the world's one
mile record of 1 :28 2-5, made on the
"White" wheel. All famous cham-
pions ride the "King of Wheels, " the
White,"
Orlando Stevens,
Johnny Chapman,
H. B. Freeman,
Hardy Downing,
F. A. McFarland,
and others. You can't afford to buy a
cheaper wheel than the "White," and
pay out more to keep it in order during
a single season than a high-grade
"White" costs in the beginning. Don't
buy until you see the 1900 "White"
tho only modern whool on tho market.
We don't sell you '98 or '99 goods for
1900 models.
Agents Wanted Everywhere. Write for
prices and Catalogue.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE COMPANY,
300—306 Post St., San Francisco, Cal.
C. A. HAWKINS, Oen. Hgr.
A. J. Snow & Son, Dealers in "White" Ma-
chinea, Sntter Creek. mayi
A. LIEBHARDT
UPHOLSTERER IND ClPEllfil
Water Street, Jackson
PARLOR SUITS LOUNGES AND MAT-
tresses made to order and repaired. Car-
pets taken up and rel aid,
MISCELLANEOUS.
* [ SjiocsjßoingJ^ast % j|
%& ; js» I If you want staple footwear at cost, ! i|t
ip I 4* line up with those who are buying of ; *M
||| ! !$! Peterson. This is positively a closing '
«E; iji, j out sale and no fake. , '['' iff
|| I 4* 1 1 Shelving, Fixtures, etc., will be for sale \|§
* after stock is sold. ..^ »; U : \\. : --i . ! ■Sg
i3h > ,•*-. .^ i . t^ r\r^TT^r\o ait t i ♦§§?
m,\ ift ■ i *23-tf < <"" r A » '■"*• 1 JUiLlVJyii, ■■jdUVoull. \W
egf Union Stables
*»WE®il. Unu n< |er Webb Hall *
MAIN STREET - - JACKSON, CAL.
•— — M. NEWMAH, Prop.
The Stable equipped with Brut-class stock
and vehicles. Suitable rigs for Commercial
travelers with trunks.
Special Attention Paid *.
'-* . to Transient Stock.
Large stable and yard for use of teamsters.
Telegrams answered free of cost. 2-23-tf
ANTONE RATTO
Carpenter and Contractor
ESTIMATES GIVEN ON ALL KINDS OP
♦ or .k. k - JoW >lng and repairing work at-
tended to promptly Address at Fregnlia'a
shop. Broadway, Jackson.
Entirely New
spring and Summer Goods
. Silk Waist Patterns
Glavinovich Corded Madras'
Fancy Dry Good Notions
DEALERS IN . .:•■ . .,  .„•;. .-...., - -- , -;.» ■'<■•■■
Organdies '
ULULllnl' m L IIVI II n n U I O L --' -* ." ' i~\ a • •
: Ladies' and Gents Footwear
Straw, Crash and Felt Hats
>j? 4» A full line of Children arid
A. H. KUHLffiAN
Contractor and Builder
Will do work in any part of
Amador County. If you want
to build, send a note to Jackson
. Postoffice and I will call on you.
Estimates furnished without cost
on any kind of building. Will
make plans and specifications for
you. mar2tf
♦LIBERTY HSALOON*
Sanguinetti Building
Main Street Jackson
L. PERLANDA, : : : Proprietor
Best of Wines, Liquors and Cigars
Almays on hand.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••A
5 L # A. KENT :
5 Blacksmith 5
• Wagonmaker and •
5 Horseshoes* I
! /CARRIAGE PAINTING AND GEN- S
Z V> eral Smithing attended to with dis- j Z
J patcb at reasonable rates. Wharß's old Z
Z stand. South Main street, Near National Z
0 Hotel, Jackson. . Z
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
Choice lots in this sightly Addition
for sale on terms to suit your own
sack. Buy at once and secure the
best. This is the coming Nob Hill
W. P, Peek, Owner, Jackson. 3 *"
GLOBE *f HOTEL
Corner Main and Court Streets
JACKSON, CAL.
E. ANDERSON : : Proprietor
First-Class in Every Respect
ESPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO COM-
mercial travelers. - Sample rooms con-
nected with the house. The very best of ser-
vice guaranteed to patrons.
Good Meals, 29 Cents
PLYMOUTH-JACKSON
DAILY STAGE LINE
. Leaves Plymouth 6:30 a. m.
Leaves Jackson 2:30 p. m.
JOHN STEINER, • Proprietor
I -■:• ■; -*■
H* Corn, Bran,
£ ... /j '
i * If ' 1 11' 'ml
Middlings, a
-h Rolled Barley 4
1j Mixed Feed |[
* .... ..
♦ . -*
« 4 Pine and Redwood Lumber > »
«§* Dressed and Rough Shingles >|»
• Shakes and Laths . ■ >»
*'■'■• "IWORK ON THE MOTHER LODE
Five Feet of Ledge In the
Peerless Shaft.
pE SHEEP RANCH MINE EXCITES INTEREST
V . '— — •[
The Jumper Mill of Sixty Stamps Full
of Activity.— The Church Mine
Has Been Bonded.
AMADOR COUNTY.
Oneida— Jackson.
•Work on tho 60-stam'p mill for the
Oneida mine is progressing as rapidly
as possible. j
Central Eureka— Sutter. "■
High grade pay rock is constantly
coming out of this remarkable mine, a
portion of which is being hauled to the
Zeila mill. This rock is said to aver
age about $80 a ton. Work on the 10
stamp mill is being pushed right along.
Peerless— Jackson.
The predictions of Superintendent
Osborne of the Peerless mine are being
verified as sinking progresses. The
shaft is now down a trifie over 200 feet,
and five feet of the ledge is in the
shaft, and how much more there is of
it will be ascertained later. An order
from San Francisco was received one
day this week for 5000 shares of pi-e
liminarj stock, a handsome premium
being offered, but not a share could be
had. ■ This shows the faith stockhold
ers have in tho Peerless mine.
Kirkwood— Jackson.
The sale of the Kirkwood Mining
Company's stock is something phenom
enal, over half of it having been taken
in this vicinity. There seems to be a
strong sentiment in favor of the Kirk
wood. The prospectus of this mine
will probably be ready for distribution
some time next week.
CALAVERAS COUNTY-
Prospect: Messrs. Folsom, Hayden
& Walker of Stockton have recently
purchased the Bluff claim of Mr. Cus
lige, and have already 'commenced
work. The mine, which is a gravel
proposition, is situated near the Old
Table Mountain school house, between
El Dorado and Sheep Ranch, and in
close proximity to the Martin mine.
They have put in an impounding dam
as required by law, and on Wednesday
of this week the water was turned on.
They pre using .about 150 inches of
water under a 200-foot pressure. The
ground has been extensively prospect
ed and promises good returns.
Getchell & Austin have, completed
their contract on the JO-stamp mill at
Campo Seco for the Cook ■ mine and
have returned to town. The mine is
the property of the Standard Oil Com-
pany, is situated about half a'mile from
Campo Seco, on the Camanche road,
and is said to be a promising proposi-
tion. About a week's more work is re
quired to get the mill in running order,
when the work of crushing quartz
from the mine will commence.; \ The
mill has been well constructed and is
prepared to give a good account of it
j Citizen: A large amount of work is
being done at the Sheep Ranch mine
and many men are now employed there.
The Sheep Ranch has been a good pro
ducer in times past, but it is the opin
ion of the present owners that it will
surpass anything it has ever shown.
From a dead, broken down town,
' Sheep Ranch now presents a different
' aspect. Many persons have moved to
'- the town, buildings have been repaired
| and erected, and much property has
recently changed hands. Prosperity
always seems to follow in the wake of
; Mr. Gutmann's operations, and. we
think such will be the case at the Ford
| before many days.
The hauling of the 200 tons of rock
\ from the Commodore to the Ford mill
\ for a test run still goes on, but will
probably be finished to-day. Some
delay was occasioned by the breaking
of wagons in passing over the rough
roads with their heavy loads, and also
in the milling operations at the Ford,
but everything is now going off smooth
ly, and in a few days more the run will
be finished and the result made known.
Much pertaining to the future "pros
perity of San Andreas depends on the
result of this test. If satisfactory, a
bright future for the town is assured;
but if it be otherwise, we will have to
hammer along in the same old rut until
capital develops some of the good pros
■ poets already uncovered in this sec
' tion. And, again, should the test
prove what it is hoped it will, other
claims carrying the same kind of rock
and in like large quantities will be de
veloped.
Angels^Record: The work now go
ing on at the DeLay tunnel on the
grade, about one mile west of Mur
phys, is one of the most important
pieces of work about there. It taps a
hill which is very rich in surface crop
ping of first-class quartz, and in ex
cavating to the heart of the mountain
good results will follow. At present
the tunnel is in over 600 feet, and a
rich ore deposit is looked for before it
reaches the May Day mine, which is to
be the terminal point. Many bunches
have been passed through, which
showed good quartz, as well as gold.'
For several years a San Francisco com
pany has been operating this property,
' of which a high opinion is held.
For some time past John Rolleri has
been taking out some very good rock
at his mine near the Nellie mine, just
below . town. He has a shaft down
twenty feet, and unless all indications
fail he will develop one of the best pay
ers about here.
The Tulloch mill, which has been
running by electricity for some time,
has been compelled to discontinue its
use and will again use water, as the
electric transformers in use were too
tm«U ftr ttrc amount °( force »wa«d,
It will Ijo some time before they can
use thi- . li-ctric power ajrain.
Chrdi'.iulo: Pursuant to-announce
ment tlii' bids to •.! rift, tun th and south
along the vein aud to ruu several hun
dred feet of crosscuts at the Vorlander
mine at Middle Bar, were opeued last
Saturday by A. Lampson, acting for
Superintendent Burlesoa,' and the con
tract •-• was awarded "to ' Messrs. Lee
Stayner and Joe Berry, theirs being
the lowest and best bid under the
specifications. They will enter at once
upon their work agreeable to contract.
Messrs. Porteous & Field of West
Point, who milled twenty-eight tons of
rock from the Zachatery mine at that
place week before last, received their
returns from the city last Monday.
We did not learn what the amount net
ted was, but we understand it was very
satisfactory, far exceeding the expect
ations of the owners.
At. the Boire mine, about a milt
north of Railroad Flat, hydraulicking
is in progress, water being taken from
Clark 'sditch and four men are at work.
This company has sixty acres of land,
which will be piped off, proper restrain
ing dams having been constructed in
compliance with the debris act.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
' Mother Lode Magnet: Another old
time property is being worked near
Algerine. We refer to the Sullivan
Brothers' claim, now called the Golden
Thread. Years ago it was known as
Grub Gulch claim and • considerable
gold was taken from near the surface.
Then j for a long period it was not
worked.* ''The'' Sullivans relocated the
property and bonded it to W. F. Craft.
He is now- at -.work developing it,
having cleaned, out the old workings
and started * a crosscut. ■ Mr. Craft
thinks they have a continuation of the
Fleming vein.
At the AliiiHt- & Burnham mine, at
Knight's Creek, everything, seems to
be on the boom, j This mine was for
merly owned by George Miner and B.
F. Burnham, but an interest in it was
sold to E. C. Day on the condition that
he erect a mill on tho mine. This he
did, and, everything being complete,
they made a run on some ore with
more than expectant results. This
mine is advantageously situated, it
costing nothing for water or steam
power, and with 160 tons of good ore
on the dump and plenty in sight there
is no doubt-the boys have a good thing.
At the Jumper mine, notwithstand
ing the break in the water company's
ditch, the sixty stamps in the mill,
also the air compressors, are kept run
ning steadily with company power.
The last clean up, while admittedly
very satisfactory, it is thought will not
equal the one for April. We are glad
to learn that they have struck good
ore on both ' the sixth and seventh
levels, as it materially, helps to insure
long life to this fine property.
In the Droisam mine, Arastraville,
they are about to resume sinking in
the shaft, which will be carried down
from the 200 to the 400 mark;
. Independent: ; Sinking is in progress
at the Clio, near Jacksonville, and a
hoist, to facilitate work, will soon be
erected. At the previous level, in a
crosscut, a six-foot vein, disclosing a
good chute of ore, was uncovered.
Another.' crosscut will soon be made
and those interested are very confident
of the result. ? } '/ :
■ It is reported that the Soulsby mine
will start up in the near, future in
charge of a new company. The. mine
contains a good deal of water, but
after things are put in proper shape it
will compare favorably with any in the
county. Its past record ' shows an out
put of over $5,000,000, and there is no
reason why there should not be plenty
of the precious metal there yet.
EL DORADO COUNTY.
Republican: The Grand Victory
mine is under full headway. The mill
is running and many men are em-
Democrat: Messrs. Garland and
Porter, prominent mining men of
Amador county, have secured a bond
on the Church J mine and will com
mence active . operations on tho prop
erty the Ist of the month. The mine
will be un.watered and deeper develop
ments will be prosecuted at once.
Superintendent Smith was down from
the Lupold mine Monday and is very
enthusiastic over the future prospects
of the property.
Wonderful Animal Performance.
The well known Rawson's Pacific
Show of trained animals will give a per
formance tonight on the vacant lot op
posite the cemetery, on Stasal avenue.
It is considered a good animal show and
has met with unbounded success in the
mountain towns, and rightfully de
serves it. Their performances are
original, novel and entertaining, and
are attended by the refined and intel
ligent classes.
Look out for the outdoor exhibition.
Show will begin at 8 o'clock. Admis-
Attend the Convention.
President C. A. Herrick, of the
Jackson Republican Club, left yester
day morning to attend the Conference
Convention of Republican Clubs of the
Second Congressional District, to be
held in Sacramento to-day and to
morrow. Other delegates of the club,
who are in attendance, are as follows:
S. G. Spagnoli, L. J. Fontenrose, L.
M. Parker and James E. Dye Jr. :'
,' Stamp Books.
The U f S. Postal Department issues
stamps in book form, a vest pocket
edition containing 12, 24 or 48 two-cent
stamps, as the purchaser desires, can
be had. . Books of ther denominations,
from one-cent up, are also provided.
A Trustee Elected.
The creditors of G. Newman, have
elected Fred L. Berry of San Francisco
as trustee of the property in Jackson.
Mr. Berry arrived here Wednesday and
assumed his duties.
Cleanse the liver, purify the blood, invigorate
the body by using DeWltt's Little Early Risers.
These famous little pills always aot promptly.
CHj Pharmacy.
THE AMADOR LEDGER: JACKSON, CALirORKIA, FRII>aT. MAY 4, 1900.
ITEMS OF LOCAL INTEREST
La Grippe the Most Fashion-
able Desease.
E. A. YATES GALLED INTO THE WORLD BEYOND
The Standard Electric Company's New
Water Tank.— X. S. G. W. Dele- ; , \
gates Eetnrn.
lone flour is Peerless.
Mrs. Robert Allen is ill.
Bert Vela is on the sick list.
Ben Ross, of Volcano, was in town
yesterday.
Miss Edna Rust is visiting friends in
Sacramento.
George Vela has been on the sick
list this week.
If you want good bread, buy only
Peerless flour. 3-16-tf
Mrs. Weller's for style and beauty in
hats and dresses. 5-4-tf
Judge John F. Davis returned home
Tuesday evening.
Mrs. Weller employes the only city
milliner in town. 5-4-tf
Miss Bertie Mason is visiting her sis
ter in Sacramento.
Pioneer Flour always has been
and still is the best. 4-6tf*
There are several mining deals under
way in this district.
If you want swell hats, go to the city
trimmer at Mrs. Weller's. 5-4-tf
George Gates returned from the city
Wednesday evening.
Mrs. D. B. Spagnoli was reported
quite ill on Wednesday last. .
Considerable rainfall hereabouts dur
ing the first half of this week.
Louis Smith and Mr. Schrader,' of
Oleta, were in town yesterday.
Give us daily some good bread. Pio
neer Flour makes the best. 4-6-tf* *!•
Abstractor George I. Wright is busy
as a bee. He turns out fine work.
Mrs. Fanny Bonnefoy is confined to
her bed with an attack of la grippe. ; :
Jackson and vicinity is quite well
represented in Sacramento this week.
Pioneer Flour is the "Lily of the
Valley," the "Pearl of Perfection."'; •
Mrs. S." W. Bright was a passenger
on the lone stage Wednesday morning.
Jackson Cash Grocers carry the fresh
est crackers and fancy cakes, i 4-6-1 m
Mrs. L. M. Parker went to Sacra
mento yesterday to attend the street
fair.
The cheapest place to buy your gro
ceries is of the Jackson Cash Gro-
District Attorney C. P. Vicini visited
Stockton and other points below this
week. ' >; :
Fred Wilson, Frank Canonica and
John Glavonavich are down with la
grippe. .^--;
Ex- Postmaster James Meehan is out
again after a few weeks' battle with
la grippe.
C. B. Arditto and Gus Laverone went
to Sacramento Thursday to attend the
Carnival.
Miss Dora McConnel is visiting her
sister in Stockton and will be absent for
some time.
George W. Brown intends going to
San Francisco on business some time
next week.
lono Flour Mill is a home industry
and makes the best- flour. Why not
patronize it? j 3-16-ft
Ex-County Treasurer R. Ford, of
Lower Rancheria, was a county seat
visitor yesterday. ■ -•>'-
The "lady minstrels" made a great
hit. It was the entertainment of the
season — decidedly so.
• W. F. Detert returned from a several
days' business trip to San Francisco
the first of the week.
C. H. Evans, of the New National
Hotel force, took in the Sacramento
Carnival this week.
Miss Roma Spagnoli, daughter of
Hon. D. B. Spagnoli, has been quite
ill. She is reported better.
Mel. Ford has been wrestling with
the la grippe for the past week or so,
but it didn't get him down.
E. C. Burce, Al. Swithenback, Tom
Peters and Simon Luke, of Mokelumne
Hill, visited this camp last Sunday.
F. W. Parker was out for the first
time since his illness yesterday. He is
improving under Dr. Endicott's care.
Among the passengers on the lone
stage yesterday morning were Miss
Beth Berryman and Mrs. Champion.
D.McCall, of lone, handles all kinds of
lumber. "He will figure" with you on
your lumber bills. Amador Mills. 5-4tf
The performance of the "lady min
strels," in Sutter Creek, is highly
spoken of by denizens of that camp.
Two tonsorial artists to wait upon
you at the Globe Shaving Parlor, a few
doors north of Globe Hotel. 4-20-tf
At the White House new arrivals of
goods and special '.sale. Ten dozen
ladies' ventilated corsets, at 25 cents
Ladies' wrappers, of all the latest
patterns, and a great variety to select
from — from 75c up —at the White
House. 4-6tf
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Snydor, of Salt
Lake, are registered at the New Na
tional. Mr. Snyder is here on mining
business.
Miss Grace Sequin, of lone, who had
been visiting her sister, Mrs. R. L.
Mann, for a few days, returned home
last Tuesday.
Mrs. James Meehan has richly earned
the thanks of the sick in her neighbor
hood for her faithful attendance on
many of them.
Some pleasing pictures of New York
society in the forties are given in the
review of Julia Ward Howe's remin-
UQQQCO3 «hloh appear in the Argonaut
for May 7. 1900. The recollections of
the famous author of the ' "Battle
Hymn of the Republic" could not fail
of being entertaining.
j -Mrs*. D. Gutmann and niece, of San
Francisco, are sojourning at Sheep
ranch. 9 .
Charles .Peters, carpenter at the
Sheep Ranch mine, was in Jackson
Thursday and returned the following
day. r ., . ; | .;
Got your.' measure taken for a fine
$10 suit, at the White House. 2 23-tf.
Miss Mamie McCoy is assisting Ab
stractor George I. Wright in the ardu
ous work of getting out maps for As
sessor Marcnant. \
Will A. Nowcum went to San Fran
cisco on business connected with the
oil company, of which he is president,
Wednesday of this week. •■
Dr. A. Satterthwait, who put in last
season at Bear River tor the Standard
Electric 'Co., -'left' for" a renewal of his
services there on Tuesday last.
The most elegant line of ladies' shirt
waists- a very large assortment to se
lect from, and the latest effects— from
50c up, at the White House. 4-6tf
George Mattloy, son of David Matt
ley, arrived . home last ■ Monday on a
visit. He has been .away for eleven
years. His family accompanied him: v
Messenger E. C. Fisher is temporari
ly back on a part of his old run in this
county, having relieved Fred Jackson
for a few weeks. He is looking well. ■ !
Judge John F. Davis and Mr. L. A.
Kent were the delegates from the Jack
son Parlor to the Grand Parlor, N. S.
G. W-i which recently met in Orovillel
Miss Julia Gilliland, of San Fran
cisco, has accepted a position in Mrs.
Weller's millinery establishment. Miss
Gilliland is an artist in her line of work.
, Miss.^Gertrude. Burnham, who has
been a ' member, of . the Ledger
force for about a year, has resigned her
position and is visiting relatives in San
Francisco. . - -i
■^;Rov., ( F. fA. \ Morrow has awakened
considerable church -gping interest dur
ing stati' ministry here.. His sermons
are excellent, '•<. and .1 consequently he
usually has large audiences. ,\ .** '
Judge R. C. Rust, Grand President
of the Grand Parlor of the N. S. G.
W., returned to his home the first of
the week, and is being heartily con
gratulated by his many friends.
"Atalanta challenged • her lovers to
run races with her." Evening subject
at, M.%Ej church*, May 6th. *.:'. Morning
subject: '•Some Christians say !'Our
Church' is the way' to Heaven:"-'
"' W: ' H.-^Sa yage ' of , San .' Francisco,
GrandY Councilor Order, of .Chosen
Friends, addressed members of the or
der and their friends, Wednesday even
ing His address was very entertain
ing.
Don't forget our clubbing rates, and
the offers the. Ledger is making for
the New York' Tribune, McCall's Mag
azine, etc. The campaign is coming
on. If you want to be postod subscribe
now. : . ' ■". ■ -- ■
_A. E. Nelson, of San Francisco, visi
ted Jackson recently with ■ a view of
determining whether or . not he would'
locate here and engage in the practice
of law. We are not advised as to his
decision. . ■
Mrs. Mary Hall, of Volcano, was
here on business connected with the
estate of her late husband, James Hall,
yesterday. The estate is possessed of
valuable timber • lands in one of the
middle States; \rf-
B. Hillis arrived from ' Oakland the
first of the week, and has been in
stalled at the old electric plant as chief
machinist. He will probably fill a
similar position at the new plant when
it is completed.
Unstinted praise and sincere thanks
are given to Mrs. Dr. Endicott by the
ladies of Ursula Parlor No. 1, N. D.
G. W., for her untiring zeal in training
those who took part in the "lady
minstrels."
The death of . George Washington
Clark, of Oleta, occurred recently.
Deceased was a "native |of Kentucky,
aged 74 years, 4 months and 22 days.
He leaves a wife and ten children to
mourn bis loss.
Postmaster George- C. Folger was
taken sick on .Thursday of last week,
and was out for the first time since the
attack on Wednesday last. He says
he don't know exactly what ailed him,
but in order to be fashionable he will
call it la grippe.
Messrs. D. Gutmann and M. J.
Kreshland, of San Francisco, were in
town Wednesday of this week on busi
ness. Mr. Gutmann intends going to
New York on the sth instant, to be
gone for several weeks.
County Treasurer S. G. - Spagnoli
and his son, Benny, are taking, in the
gorgeous sights at Sacramento this
week. Mr. Spagnoli is a. delegate to
the Conference Convention of Repub
lican Clubs to be held there on the 4th
and sth instants.
The funeral of the late E. A. Yates
was held, under the auspices of the A.
O. U. W. Lodge, at his late residence
at 2p. m. last Wednesday. There was a
very good attendance. Deceased was a
stepson of W. B. Sanders, aged 46.
' The Standard Electric Company has
completed a new water tank, near the
old one, just west of the Alma hoist,
with a capacity of 34,000 gallons. This
tank is a part of the Jackson water
system controlled by Mrs. Celina
Richtmyer.
For thirty days longer the Annual
Clearance Sale at the Red Front will
continue. To those who have already
taken advantage of the splendid oppor
tunity no word is necessary, but to
others we suggest an early examination
of goods and prices. ■ 5-4-tf .'
A young kid, eighteen or nineteen
years of age, a wily Pole, baffled the
San Francisco police and detectives,
holding up people in public places with
apparent impunity. He tried his little
game in Oakland and was promptly
caught, and when he gave his name
that settled it. He will get at least
forty years at hard labor.' He calls him
self Simon L. Munchorosoonvetseva.
He is as badly handicapped with a
cognomen as Philetus Doud Vonsprck
«lbergfiUdiDgle.tancl«r,
A COLUMN OF SPICY NEWS
All Notes of Interest Sent to
the "Ledger."
ALL PLYMOUTH PREPARING FOR THE PICNIC
Amador City School Closed Last Fri
day With Appropriate Exer
ciaes.-Aukum.
PLYMOUTH NEWS.
Quite a Number of Plymouth People
Afflicted With the Grippe.
Plymouth, May 2, 1900.
A farewell party was given in honor
of Messrs. Charlie and Fred Ball in
Shields' Hall last night. The young
men will soon take their departure for
Cape Nome.
B. Breese was in town Saturday,
April 28, 1900.
Mrs. Victoria Glas&on passed away
at the age of 55 years, 5 months and
27 days, leaving a husband and daugh
ter to mourn for her. The funeral ser
vices were conducted in tho M. E.
church by Rev. C. Darling, from whence
the remains were carried to Jackson
for their future resting place.
William Butler, who had been em
ployed at the Huntington roller mills,
is sick with an attack of the la grippe.
Mrs. Norman, Mrs. True, Charles
Potter, M. Leach and Mr. and Mrs.
Phillips, of this place, went to Sacra
mento Monday to attend the fair. •
Next Tuesday night in the M. E.
church a professor of Atkiuson's Busi
ness College, Sacramento, will deliver
a lecture.
Many are complaining of the la
grippe. Among those are Mrs. Anna
Doman, Miss Anna Little, Mr. Blower,
Miss Maemo Doman, Master Ernest
Little. -V
The N. D. G. W. and the ladies of
the Catholic church are busy prepar
ing for the picnic which is to be held
in the Plymouth Park next Saturday,
May sth. Omego and Oswego.
AMADOR CITY.
C. T. . Bartlett Beceives a Government Ap
pointment Through the Civil Service.
Amador City, May 1, 1900.
William Dunlap, who has been at
tending a high school in San Francisco,
is visiting relatives here and assisting
in his father's drug store.
Mrs. Painter of Sutter Creek visited
Miss Nellie Hambley last week.
Several of our townsmen are attend
ing the street fair at Sacramento this
week.
Daisy D. Fox is visiting friends in
Jackson.
Richard Soudan and May me Thomas
visited relatives at the Gwin mine Sun
day. .
. H. B. Hinkson and S. Battonfield
visited relatives in Placerville last week.
Mrs. Hambley, who has been visiting
friends in Sacramento, returned to her
home last week.
William Strickland visited in Sutter
Creek Sunday.
Cora Culbert's school has closed' and
she is now residing at her home in
Amador.
The members of Keystone Parlor,
N. S. G. W., who were sent as dele
gates to the Grand Lodge at Oroville,
returned Sunday evening.
J. Clark and family visited at the
home-of Mrs. M. B. Church last week.
Mrs. O. Fallon has returned after a
short visit to friends in Sutter Creek.
John Mooney and Harry Foster of
Plymouth visited Amador Sunday.
John Perryman visited his sister in
Jackson Saturday and Sunday.
Mr. Pierce and Mr. Thornton paid
Drytown a visit Sunday.
C. T. Bartlett left Monday morning
to accept his position on the railroad.
He leaves a host of friends behind who
wish him success in his new work. As
soon as his location Is decided on his
family will join him.
W. K. Palmer, a former resident of
Amador, is visiting relatives and
friends here. He has a host of friends
who are glad to /cc him back.
Last Friday was the last day of
school, and early in the afternoon the
parents and friends of the children
filled the principal's room, eagerly
awaiting the closing exercises, in which
there were representatives from each
room. Following is the programme as
rendered:
Song School
Song Eight Girls
Recitation Melville Hammack
Solo Louise Bennetts
Dialogue : Three Boys
Ri'ci tullon Ethel Liddicoat
Recitation W. Hammuck
Song . .; ; Primary School
Recitation Kitty Kerr
Recitation John Harris
Song i School
Dialogue W. M. Trelease and Eva Steffen
Recitation Amador Garibaldi
Recitation Edith Ljubetlch
Song '.. Ten Little Girls
Alphabet Twenty-six Boys and Girls
Recitation Lavina Burns
Recitation Olive Yenning
Recitation Ten Little Coons
America School
The pupils of Mr. Bartlett's room
presented him with a fountain pen and
a very pretty paper cutter. A few
pleasing remarks were made by Miss
Laura Case and responded to by Mr.
Church services throughout the
week as usual. Sunday morning sub
ject, "Meeting Angels by the Way."
Evening sermons on Christian Life;
theme, "Growth." .
FROM AUKUM.
A Party of Young Folks Enjoy a Picnic
. at Indian Diggings.
AUKUM, April 29, 1900.
Mrs. Tom Quinn artd children of
Angels Camp are visiting Mr. and Mrs.
Ben Nichley of Pigeon Creek.
Sam and Joseph Kasper attended
the picnic at lone Friday.
Blanche Goflinet, who has been visit
ing at Mr. Monsey's for the past week,
returnod to her home Sunday last.
Mrs. Ollie Harrel. who has been sick
for the past two weeks, - is on the im
prove.
Superintendent Gordon was a visitor
at the Pigeon Creek school last Thurs
day.
Mrs, Charles Bell visluA «t Mrs.
Cram's Saturday.
Miss McCarty went to Greenwood,
Saturday, returning Sunday. '.'■ » '.>.-
. A party of young folks went to
Indian Digging Sunday to have a
sociable picnic, taking their lunch with
them. The party consisted of Ida and
Laura Votaw, Mabel Jameson, Sadie
Wrigglesworth. Mame Perry and the
Misses -Lawrence, Lome Seely, John
Yager, Harry Putnam and Mr. Ru
bioder. All reported having had a
good time. . . Nome.
The Shorter Working Day.
There are, of course, many things to
be most carefully considered and ad
justed before any change in the number
of working hours can go into effect.
Unfilled contracts, or established prices
for product, are the most obvious; the
longer hours of idleness for expensive
plant can by no means be ignored.
But with proper compensation in the
manner of working, ' there is little
question that the hours of working
might be materially reduced without
loss of wage earnings to ° the workman
nor increase of cost of product to the
employer. Actual practice under the
piece-work system has proved this too
often and too definitely to leave much
room for argument on the other side.
In fact, the theorem that a man's labor
production is directly proportional to
his hours of working, is almost as fal
lacious as the trade-union proposition
that the amount of wage-winning work
in the world is a definite quantity, and
will be exhausted sooner by more dili
gent working. — Charles B. Going.
The Unworked Iron Ores of Labrador.
Under present conditions the ores of
the interior and j Ungava Bay are use
less, owing to the lack of railway or
other communication. The deposits
on the islands of Hudson Bay lie im
mediately alongsido the deep water,
and so there would be no difficulty in
loading on shipboard, but the long car
riage through Hudson strait and the
shortness of the season *of navigation
(3} months) are serious considerations
in connection with the profitable work
ing of these deposits. No coal exists
about Hudson Bay, or in Labrador,
and the wood for charcoal, would have
to be transported from the southern
part of Hudson Bay. The only sup
ply of fuel in the neighborhood is
found in the great masses of drift
wood on the islands and shores of the
bay, and it is doubtful if this would
answer the purposes of smelting. There
are excellent water powers in the neigh
borhood, which might be used if a
cheap method of electric smelting were
discovered. — A. P. Low, in the En
gineering Magazine for May.
Equine - Intruders.
Last Sunday afternoon as two of
Daniel Murphy's horses were being
driven through Jackson, they stam
peded, and in spite of the efforts of
three young men who were driving
them, both horses entered the front
door of Charles Ginocchio 's residence,
traversed the entire length of the hall,
which extends three-fourths of the
depth of the house, and entered the
kitchen. One of . the young men in
charge of .them managed in some man
ner to get them out . before any dam
age was done, except to frighten Ila
and Oda Ginocchio, and a number of
young girls who were visiting them,
nearly into hysterics. The horses were
fresh from pasture and were unshod so
even the hall carpet escaped without a
scratch. The occurrence created quite
a commotion for a few minutes. Mr.
and Mrs. Ginocchio were not at home
at the time.
A Miserable Miser.
The Towanda (Pa.) Journal gives the
following account of a miser: "Jacob
Kopple, who for many years lived "as a
hermit in a dilapidated house in the
Lewistown farming district, near Tara
aqua, and who was found dead upon
the floor, was buried in a cheap coffin
at Middleport. He was reported to be
wealthy, but lived as a miser. His
relatives ransacked the house, and in
the mattress of his bed found bonds
and securities worth $30,000, and titles
for property in Jersey City valued at
$20,000. Kopple is the man who, some
time ago, was nearly killed by tramps.
Although they lighted candles near
his bare feet for almost an hour, he
refused to divulge the secret."
Mr. McGee's Bepresentative.
Mr. William McGee, who sails for
Europe this month to be gone several
months, has placed Mr. Fred L. Stew
art, of * lone, in charge of his large
business. Attorney Stewart, in his
two years' practice in this county, has
demonstrated his fitness for the im
portant trust, which he will no doubt
care for to the entire satisfaction of
Mr. McGeo's and his own clients.
The LEDGER cordially welcomes Mr.
Stewart to Jackson and wishes him
continued success.
Aged 101 Tears.
Among the inmates of the County
Hospital is a Chinaman aged 101 years.
For a number of years he has refused
to have his hair cut, but one day this
week Dr. Endicott and the superinten
dent of the Hospital gave him one of
the most artistic cuts ever given a.Cel
estial either in this country or in the
Chinese Empire. They put on both
scallops and frills.
Malicious Mischief.
Constable Scoble of Plymouth
brought in two young men, Wednesday
last, named respectively, Julian Fre
gulia and Eddy Keys, who were ar
rested for putting cayenne pepper on
a dancing floor, thus bringing the fes
tivities to an abrupt close. They were
turned over to Sheriff Gregory to
await the return of District Attorney
Card of Thanks.
To the dear friends who so kindly as
sisted us during the sickness, death
and burial of our husband and father,
we desire to express our heartfelt
thanks and lasting gratitude. ■'.?,%,
. Mrs. Mary A. Clark,
and Children.
Peck's Addition now open for the sale of lots.
These resident lots are the creamof the town.
They are in town virtually, and yet up out of
tb« dust and dirt. They *ro «U.e*P, fr*lt
FRIGHTFUL MINING ACCIDENT
Terrible Explosion In a Utah
Mine.
II LOSS OF MORE THAN TWO HUNDRED LIVES
One Hundred and Thirty-seven Bodies
Have Been Recovered.— Many
Bodies Unidentified.
Salt Lake, May I.— A. special to
the "Tribune" from Scofield, Utah,
says: -"n- :
The English language cannot de
scribed tho appalling disaster which oc
curred hero at 10:25 this forenoon by
an explosion in Mine No. 4 of the
Pleasant Valley Coal Company, and by
which certainly 200 men and upwards
have lost their lives.
At this hour 137 bodies have been re
covered, and the work of rescue is still
proceeding, and will continue until all
the bodies are brought to the surface.
There are willing hands at work, and
as fast as bodies are reached they are
brought down to the boarding-houses
and other company buildings where
they are dressed and prepared for the
Coroner's inquest. These buildings are
numerous and in each are from ten to
thirty-five bodies. When a corpse is
brought out it is usually carried from
the mouth of each tunnel at the re
spective entrances to the place of de
posit. Here there is a . corps of men
from ' four to ten in number with
sponges, hot and cold water in tubs
and other receptacles. The clothing
is first removed, the soot, smoke and
powder burns washed from their faces,
the bodies prepared and laid out in
long rows where they are identified by
a tag with name and address attached
to await identification by relatives or
friends. --r'-'. : '
'The removal of bodies began at 12
o'clock to-day, and every diligence is
used to get the charred and mangled
remains from out of the mines. Many
hundreds of men have freely volun
teered their services and' as fast as
one set or force is tired or worn out
others take their places. While the
stench of smoke and powder is sicken
ing, resembling much that of a dissect
ing room, there are brave hearted and
brawney men of muscle who have been
continuously at work since the moment
of the explosion. '
As soon as the accident was known
officials of the coal company at Salt
Lake City and also the railroad com
pany were notified of the disaster, and
though the number of dead was re
ported lower than it really is, it would
appear that every thing by them that
lies in their power has been done.
The list of dead recovered up to mid
night is as follows: John Hunter, Sr.,
Dan Muhr, Peter Cocklett, Jans Wil
son, Robert Ferriah, Will Willstead,
Robert Willstead, R. T. Evans, Lew
ellyn Evans, James Wallace, Sr., B. F.
Lloyd, John Lloyd, brothers; Robert
Hunter, James C. Hunter, father and
son; Dick Thomas, David Padfield
William Jones, Willian Howe, boy;
Valentine Loxon, George James, John
James, son and father; James Reese,
Samuel Livesay, R. Dixon, Anselmo
Jacheta, Ferari Jacheta, J. May, Sol
Lappi, Matt Kroski, Harry Miller, R.
V. Miller, Isaac Miller, William Davis,
A. Langstaff and son, Davis and
son, William Samuels and son, Andrew
Adamson, T. J. Reilly, William Parm
lee, John, Thomas and James Webber,
Anderson, Thomas Padfield, Hen
ry Willson, Charles Edwards, Bernard
Dougal, Andrew. Hunter and son,
Thomas Williams and son, James Gath
erman, William Gatherman, John
Burns, James Price, Alexander Wilson,
Jr., George Coulthard.
Tho difference between this list and
the 137 given above ' is accounted for
by the unidentified. In one pile at No.
1 mine there are ten men, foreigners,
as yet unknown.
Later: It is now estimated that the
death list will reach between 300 and 400.
A Card.
- I take this means of informing
my clients in Amador county that I will
be absent from the county for a few
months; during my absence my office at
Jackson will be in charge of Attorney
Fred L. Stewart, who can be found
there every day during business hours.
Mr. Stewart is well known in the
county, having practiced law at lone
for the past two years; he was associ
ated with me in San Francisco for three
years, and I can recommend him as a
prompt, careful, able and trustworthy
lawyer. • Respectfully,
4-27-3t Wm. J. McGee.
SUPERIOR COURT.
B. Levaggi vs. G. Gall et al— Action against
stockholders of the Columbia Gold Mining and
Milling Company to recover 1J357.15 and costs
of suit. Summons issued.
Matter of the application of Delia B. Martell
to become a sole trader. Petition filed.
Amador County vs. William S. Gilbert et al—
Argument on motion for new trial had on
May Ist.
Amador County vs. Frederick Werner et al—
Action dismissed upon payment of 1524 by
bondsmen.
Estate of John P. Thomas— Hearing on peti
tion for an order to sell real estate set for
May 28th.
Estate of James Speer— Citations issued to
administratrix to show cause why she should
not give further security and render an account.
Estate of Gustave Boichegrain— Motion that
contestant to will be ordered to give security
for costs heard and denied. Hearing on ac
count had.
Uncalled-for Letters.
Letters remaining unclaimed in the
Jackson, Cal., Postoffice, for the week
ending May 4, 1900: "•
Mrs. T. O. Garrett Matt Bogan
M. A. Gllvee Quong Yuen Toy
C. C. Knowles
G. C. Folger, Postmaster.
Announcement.
I am pleased to announce that I have
opened dental Parlors in the Weil &
Renno building, Jackson, Cal. Hours
from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
P. BOSWORTH AIKEN, D. S. D.
3v£edj.C€LL *
* Institute
THE AFFLICTED FROM ALL PARTS OF
California and the Pacific Coast are com-
ing daily to Sacramento to avail themselves of
Dr. Neagle's wonderfully successful treat-
ments. Dr. Neagle has devoted over thirty
years to the study and treatment of diseases of
the eye, ear, head, throat and lungs and the
digestive organs. By his peculiarly successful
methods of treatment Dr.-Neagle has gained an
enviable reputation for his skill In the cure of
such cases as have resisted the ordinary modes
of treatment.
Dr. Neagle and associates treat and cure all
Chronlo Diseases and Diseases of the Eye, Ear,
Throat and Lungs, Liver, Heart, Kidney, Blad-
der, Brain Catarrh, Asthma. Rheumatism,
Bronchitis. Headache, Deafness. Chills and
Malaria, Skin Diseases, Neuralgia, Diabetes,
Dyspepsia, Dropsy. Eczema, Scrofula, Chronlo
Diarrhea. Hemorrhoids and Rectal Troubles,
and all forms of Sores, Blood and Wasting
Diseases.
All private and wasting diseases promptly
cured and their effects permanently eradicated
from the system.
Diseases of women and children given special
attention. •
Nervous diseases and nervous prostration
made a specialty.
Symtom Blank No. 1 sent free.
Consultation, either at the Institute or by
mail, free and strictly confidential.
OFFICE HOURS — S to 11 a. m., 2 to Sp. m.,
and 7to 8 p.m. SUNDAYS— IO to 13 a m.
Sacramento Sanitarium or Keajtle Intti-
tute located permanently at 724K X St., Sac-
ramento. ' 4 13-lm
THE SHADY COONS.
The Native Daughters Play 111 the Bole
of "Collud" ladies.
"Standing room only" was the re
port at Webb Hall on Friday evening,
April 27th, long before the curtain
went up for the first time. It had been
known that a number of the gifted
ones of Ursula Parlor N. D. G. W.—
gifted in an histrionic and musical way,
as well as in many other directions — had
been for three weeks under Mrs. Dr.
E. E. Endicott's efficient training, and
that an evening of rare amusement was
in store for all who attended the per
formance, hence the big crowd above
referred to.
In due time the curtain- went up, and
lo* there was a sight "as was a sight."
A delegation of colored ladies from the
aristocratic circles of Darktown could
not have shown to better advantage
nor acted in a more brilliant and capti
vating manner. From start to finish the
performance was rich, rare and racy.
Every colored beauty shown with dia
mond-like brilliancy and had a charm
all her own. ;.'V-'.; sV
Nothing of the kind had been at
tempted here, and the ladies felt that
they were, as it were, exploring & new
field, and some among them, we imagine,
had grave doubts and misgivings as
to the outcome of the enterprise. But
they had a master hand to guide them,
on whom too much praise cannot be
bestowed. Mrs. Dr. Endicott's unceas
ing and untiring drill brought forth
rich fruit, and the "Lady Minstrels"
of Jackson scored a most gratifying
success.
There were a few of the number who
excelled in the part to which they wore
assigned. Indeed, we could mention
several whose stage work was simply
superb. But as all did so very well it
appears unnecessary to single out those
who were exceptionally bright. -
The singing was admirable, and there
was not a dry instant at any time when
the curtain was up, and when it was
down those of the audience who were
dry knew what to do, and did it, es
pecially the " front row. ' '
Numerous witty local hits were
thrown pell-mell into the audience by
the dusky queens, some of them mak
ing such a center shot that the audience
felt like hugging the shooter then and
' 'thar. " It was a ' 'hot time in Webb
Hall that night, and if there was a
member of that large audience, old or
young, who did not get the benefit of a
hearty side-splitting laugh, he or she
needs fixing. '
The ladies of Ursula Parlor No. 1,
tf. D. G. W., and those who assisted
them, and their efficient trainer, Mrs.
Endicott, deserve the thanks of the
community for the rich entertainment
provided for amusement lovers.
The names of the performers are as
follows: V . .
Interlocutor— "Ursulalia Umphklns" — Hiss
Emma Boannan.
Bones— "Paradosia Pumpkins"— Miss Daisy
Littlefleld. "Uuserilla Johnsing"— Mrs. L. N.
Keagle. "Ebesuzer Elkins"— Miss Ila Ginoc
chio.
Tambos — "Seraphina Slmpkins" — Mrs. C. W.
Kreeman. "Hellenery Hulsinate" — Miss Bertie
Mason. "Araminta Akera"— Mrs. R. L. Mann.
Soloists— -'Marathona Mystify"— Miss Delia
•Horman. "Baradona Broomstick" — Mrs. F.
i'odesta. ' Black Pattl"— Miss Thirza Fanll.
"Melbarina No. 2"— Miss Dooley Sanguinetti.
"Evangelerina, the Black Kid"— Miss Nita
Uttlefield. "Seradona Stiffnebk"— Miss Lena
Francis.
Cake Walkers — Leader— Miss Mand Kerr.
Grace Endicott and Carrie Cardinali. Gilbert
Voorheis and Emily Angove. Willie Tarn and
Maude Pierce. Boggs Caminetti and Loree
Keagle. Ora Angove and Hazel Quirolo. Rob
hie Kerr and Oda Ginocchio.
The performance was repeated in
nutter Creek on the following night.
The net receipts for both entertain
ments, which go to swell the Grand
Parlor Entertainment Fund, are as
follows:
Jackson entertainment t 125 00
SutterCreek •' .......... : 48 50
Total »173 50
Scalp Wound.
Chris Kriskurich, a member of the
Argonaut force, was hit by a falling
rock last Sunday and sustained a pain
ful scaip wound on the forehead. He
is doing nicely under Dr. Endicott's
treatment.
Bed Front Bargains.
The annual clearance sale at the Red
Front still continues, and- for the next
thirty days rare bargains can be had
there in every department. Those
who have already profited by the sale
will tell you that no such goods can be
had for the same money anywhere else
in the county. Call and inspect and
you will be sure to buy. 5-4-tf
Oleta Cemetery.
A fund of $200 has been raised by the
citizens of Oleta to be used in' fencing
and beautifying the cemetery. The
following persons have been appointed
as a committee to look after the work :
Wm. Brown, Jos. Pigeon, J no. Votaw.
Next Monday, May 7, the Supervis
ors will meet for the regular May
business, and will also receive bids for!
furnishing Hospital supplies, wood,
stationery for county officers,, and for
printing the delinquent tax list,THE BOOK COLLECTOR.
He Made a Swap Which Satisfied the
;' Secondhand Dealer.
"It's astonishing how book collecting
will blunt a man's conception of the
■ rights of meum et tuum," said the pro
prietor of a delightful old secondhand
store on the south side of the town. "1 ,
wo-ldu't trust a confirmed collector as
far as I could throw Jackson square by
. the monument They all consider them
selves licensed privateers, and when
ene of them wants any particular vol
ume and can't buy it the chances are
it will mysteriously disappear the first
time he pays you a visit I am on to
most of the tricks of the fraternity,
however, and It takes a. pretty smooth
Individual to secure any plunder in this
ibop.
"Only recently I circumvented an old
gentleman in a manner that Is apt to
adhere. to his memory for some time.
He is a passionate admirer of Dickens
and has a fine collection of early edi
tions and books in general relating to
the great novelist One of bis sets, a
very handsome print with the original
Crulkshank plates, Is short one volume,
the eighth. I have a copy of the same
edition, and he has tried repeatedly to
get me to break It so as to complete his
own, but I have of course refused.
"Then I noticed that be began to
drop in of afternoons with a book un
der his arm, looking up and down the
shelves. The volume he carried bore a
close external resemblance to the copy
of Dickens he wanted, and I suspected
at once that I would some day find
them exchanged. Consequently I lock
ed up the coveted volume 8 and substi
tuted a worthless treatise on mathe
matics bound In the same manner. My
visitor knew the exact location of the
book on the shelf, and the other day I
purposely gave him an opportunity to
make the shift. It was done In a twin
kling, and presently he strolled out I
haven't seen him since. The book he
left was a very pretty copy of Keats.
I am well satisfied with the swap."—
New Orleans Times-Democrat.
THE LEADING ARTICLE.
Advent and Development of the Edi-
torial Ik Newspapers. S
"I know what 'leaders' are, for 1 have
written them," said Benjamin Disraeli
In the course of a speech In the house
of commons, and, though all of us may
not have written "leaders" for The
Morning Post and other newspapers,
like Disraeli, we all at least know tho
meaning of the term "leaders."
For more than 100 years after j the
publication of the first dally newspa
per The Daily Courant, which consist
ed of a* small sheet printed on one side
only and made its appearance in Lon
don In March. 1702, the "dailies" con
fined themselves to what is - perhaps
the proper business of a newspaper,
the publication of the largest possible
amount of news, and made no attempt
whatever to mold or direct public opin
ion.
At the opening of the nineteenth cen
tury "the leading article" first appear
ed in the morning papers. It was orig
inally called the "leaded article," be
cause of the "leads" or spaces Intro
duced between the lines to spread out
the article and give it an imposing ap
pearance In order that It might at once
attract the eye of even the most casual
reader. After a ' time it was called
"leading article" or "leader" or "edi
torial," names by which It Is now uni
versally known in newspaper offices.
At the beginning "leaders" were pub
lished only tentatively. Their publica
tion was Irregular. In form they were
brief— we should call them "editorial
paragraphs" now— and they were prin
cipally used to direct special attention
to some Important event recorded In the
news columns. But 75 years ago they
became a settled and regular feature
of the dally newspaper and a potent
agency for promoting opinions, politi
cal, religious and social.— Cornhlll Mag
azine.
Bit Bint For a Raise.
"There Is in the employ of our house,"
said tfie hardware drummer, "a young
man who is assistant bookkeeper. He's
a steady chap, minds his own business
and is as shrewd as they make them.
The other day the senior partner of the
firm,- who seldom comes around, made
a tour of inspection, and as he ap
proached the assistant bookkeeper be
noticed the solemn expression on his
face. ' Desiring to be genial, he said:
'"How are you, young man? I see
you are at your work. That Is good.
Close attention to business will always
bring its own reward. Tell me, what
are you earning now per week?"
"The young man, without a moment's
hesitation, answered. Twenty dollars,
but, but I only get half of that' "—Phil
adelphia Call. . I
Chinese Inavests.
Coroners* Inquests are well known
among the Chinese. One of the chief
differences between their system and
ours is that the Chinese doctors never
dissect In fact. Chinamen have a per
fect horror of dissection.
There are few things more absurd
than the code of rules laid down for
the Chinese coroner. In the first place,
he Is bidden to make sure that he has
a dead body before he begins his in
quest That, however, is less ridicu
lous' than it sounds, for the heathen
Chinee is tricky and may demand an
Inquest on a sham deceased with a
view of extorting money from some
person who may be denounced as hav
ing caused the death.
The preposterous part of the code
comes in with regard to the alleged
signs which show the cause of death.
If the deceased is supposed to have
been poisoned, rice Is put into his mouth
and then taken out and given to a
chicken. Its effect on the fowl decides
the question. Most of the other meth
ods adopted are even more absurd and
fanciful,. and, as a result, inquests in
China do very little to prevent crime.—
Chicago News.
■>
He Won the Bet.
A showman was making great
noise at the front of the exhibition of •
"wonders" he had on show. A man
standing In the crowd, with a little dog
beside him, cried out:
. .'Til bet you a quid you can't let me
see a lion."
"Done. 1 " said the showman eagerly.
"Put down your money." ,
The man placed a sovereign in the
hand Of a bystander, and the showman
did the same.
"Now walk this way," said the show
man, "and I'll soon convince you.
There V said he triumphantly. "Look in
that corner at the beautiful Numldian
lion."
"I don't see any," responded the
other.
"What* s the matter with you?" ask
ed the showman.
"I'm blind," was the reply, and In a
few minutes the blind man pocketed
the two sovereigns and went away. —
London Answers. -
Worse Than lleaiu vaiiey.
Dreadful as Death valley is, Its north
western arm, known as Mesqulte val
ley, Is worse. .: All the waters upon Its
surface are poison, and down through
the' canyon a hot, suffocating wind
blows with terrible velocity. During
Its course through the desert it fre
quently gathers clouds of white sand
that have blinded many a horse and
rider, and at frequent intervals It
whirls down the canyon like a cyclone
cf sharp crystals. Under the glisten
ing beds of salt and borax are conceal
ed streams of salt water which flow
sluggishly toward some unknown out
let or may be hipped up by the parched
winds.
One of the strangest phenomena of
this extraordinary place Is what fron
tiersmen, for want of a better name,
have called "raising earth." By the
action of the sun a crust composed of
minerals and clay has been formed on
the surface, and by some curious pres
sure of nature has been lifted from the
earth In Irregular curves like pie crust
In the oven. The cavity between this
crust and the solid earth varies from
one to ten feet and the depth frequent
ly changes after heavy windstorms by
the displacement of the air beneath.
The man or the animal that steps upon
this crust Is gone forever. It Is abso
lutely Impossible for any one to extri
cate himself when plunging about In
the "raising earth."— Chicago Record. :
Took Her Cousin's Place.
One day a yonng Swede, a student
at the University of Berlin, received a
letter from his uncle saying that his
daughter, the young man's cousin,
would stop In Berlin for a few days on
her way to Ems and would he kindly
meet her and show her the city. The
mall coach arrived and with it the
young- lady, who found a fine looking
young fellow with a vivid boutonnlere
awaiting her arrival. He accompanied
her to the hotel. The following morn
ing he called and took her driving In
an elegant brougham. These atten
tions continued during the three days
of her visit The lady appeared over
joyed at the gallantry of this cousin,
whom she had never met before.
On the day of her departure, while
assisting her into the mail coach, the
young man said, "I cannot let you de
part without making a confession."
The lady blushed and dropped her
eyes. "I must tell you that I am not
your cousin. Your cousin Is a friend of
mine. He had no time to accompany
you, having to cram for his examina
tions, so he bade me take his place."
"In heaven's name, who are you,
then?" cried the lady. r. _;
The young man handed her his card.
The postilion blew his trumpet, the
mail coach rolled away, as the young
lady read this name on the card: "Otto
yon Bismarck."— Current Literature.
Soldiers of Fortune.
"It is embarrassing to meet former
cotillon partners as elevator boys and
waiters," said a European lady now
visiting New York. "It has been my
fate to undergo and inflict this unhap
piness several times.
"I went to a fashionable hotel on my
arrival. Wearing his hotel livery with
the same grace as he bad borne his
officer's uniform when I last saw him
and danced with him at a state ball in
a foreign capital, was a man I had
known. He colored to the eyes as he
saw me, but made no sign, nor did I.
"The same thing has happened since
at restaurants, at other hotels, in rid
ing academies and In carriages. Some
day M. le Baron de Trois Etoiles and
Graf yon Truemmer-Schloss will ap
pear In European society with new
eclat and full purses. Will I ever say
that I know where they made their
money? Why, of course not. It Is a
far cry from America to Europe, and
in their own country these gentlemen
have an Irreproachable social position.
I have really already forgotten the
names of those I have seen, I assure
you."— New York Mall and Express.
Goldsmith.
Not long before the close of Gold
smith's life he -produced the brilliant
and humorous lines of "Retaliation."
Varied accounts are given of the origin
of this poem. It will be remembered
that In a joke Garrick wrote the fol
lowing couplet as an epitaph for Gold
smith:
Here lies Nolly Goldsmith, for shortness called
Noll. *
Who wrote like an angel, but talked like poor
poll.
It was on April 4, 1774, that Gold
smith died. The precise spot where he
was burled In the Temple churchyard
Is unknown.
This Is Johnson's summing up of the
character of Goldsmith: "He had rais
ed money and squandered it by every
artifice of acquisition and folly of ex
pense. But let not his frailties be re
membered; he was a very great man."
—William Black's "Life of Goldsmith."
Daniel Webster's Paper Cotter.
Joseph M. Terry of Peconic. N. V..
has presented a valuable relic of Dan
iel Webster to the Suffolk County His
torical society. It Is an ivory paper
cutter which Mr. Webster used for a
number of years In his library at
Marshfleld, Mass. Webster gave it to
Charles Taylor, then a boy, whose fa
ther was at the time manager of Mr.
Webster's farm. Young Taylor pre
served the relic and several years ago
while residing near Mr. Terry's house
gave H to him.— New York Sun.
A Sons; About a Han.
"I will sing you a song about a man,"
said the minstrel. "By the way. did
you ever notice that there never was a
song written about a man? All songs
are about roses and maidens and love
and trystlng r£tcos and sunsets and
mothers; never one about the old man.
Come to think about It, though, there
was one, 'Father, Dear Father, Come
Home With Me Now.' In this song
the old man Is drunk In the first
verse." — Atchison Globe.
Words 'Betireen Them.
Judge— You say that words passed
between the accused and his wife. Did
you hear what they were?
Witness— No, I didn't hear them, but
I saw them.
"Saw them?"
"Yes. They were In the dictionary
that he threw at her."— Boston Tran
script
The man who has to be made to go
to church always gets mad when be
finds strangers In his pew.—lndianapo
lis Journal.
Every day there hangs over London
a vast smoke cloud that Is estimated to
weigh abont 300 tons.
A physician calculates that it takes
eight times the strength to go up stairs
that is required for the same distance
on the level. .
Chichester cathedral spire is the only
one which can be seen from the sea
•long th« coast of Great Britain.
-•...--■ . ■•■-..■
TTIE AMAPOR !LEP(IEIt: JACKSON. CAI/TFOIHSriA. FRIDAY. MAY 4. 1900.
STORY OF THE YAZOO FRAUD
One of the Host Gigantic Trusts Hirer
Known In America.
One of the most gigantic trusts ever
formed on this continent was in the
early days of the republic, back In
1793. Several gentlemen organized
themselves into a company for the pur
pose of purchasing from the state of
Georgia her unclaimed western terri
tory, extending from the Mississippi
on the west to the Atlantic on the east
and from the thirty -first degree of lati
tude north of the equator on the south
to the southern boundary of Tennessee
on the north. Including what now con
stitutes the territory of Georgia. Ala
liania and Mississippi. This vast ter
ritory was purchased for $500,000 and
Ihls was the commencement of the fa
mous "Yazoo fraud," about which so
much was said and written.
The bill authorizing the purchase
and sale passed the Georgia legislature
on Jan. 9. 1705, and It Is said that
members were paid all the way from
eight negroes to 200,000 acres of land
to votejor It Corruption by bribery
was open. Great Indignation spread
throughout the state, and upon the as
sembling of the legislature one year
later an act was passed declaring that
the said resurped act was null and
void; that the records relating to the
same be burned In order that no trace
of so unconstitutional, vile and fraudu
lent a transaction should remain pub
lic.
"The Infamous records were placed
In one vast heap," said a senator,
"and a sun glass was used to set It on
fire, that It might be said that the fire
that destroyed it was from heaven.
This is the first and only. Instance In
the history of the country where a leg
islative body personally superintended
the destruction by fire of Its previous
records of corrupt and obnoxious
laws."— St Paul Globe.
AN EDITOR'S APOLOGY.
A Happy Inspiration That Proved to
Be a Boomerang.
The editor of a small provincial pa
per in Austria was In great difficulty
to find a fit subject for his leading arti
cle, having been too intent upon other
business or upon pleasure to provide
one. The last moment bad come, and
the editor was in despair. He tortured
his brain in vain, when he suddenly
was inspired by a happy thought and
dashed off the lines:
"After carefully perusing the leading
article written for the present number
by one of the ablest of our contribu
tors, we have arrived at the conclusion
that It may be misinterpreted by the
authorities and regarded as an attack
upon the government We ourselves
consider it to be perfectly innocent;
but, as we are unwilling, for our read
ers' sake as well as for our own. to
have our newspaper confiscated, we
have very unwillingly, though, as we
think, prudently, resolved to withdraw
the article. This must serve as the
apology to our readers fo r the blank
space In our present Issue."
The journal was- published In the
evening, and the sly editor, after per
forming this little piece of stratagem,
left the office in high humor. As soon
as he arrived In the office the next
morning a clerk came up to him with
a doleful expression and said. "Herr
Redaktor, the paper is confiscated by
the policer "For what reason?" ask
ed the astonished editor. "For mali
cious ridicule of the institutions of the
Austrian empire by the omission of the
leading article," replied the man.
A Curious Shoe Trust.
Doylestown has four odd characters
who pool their Issues in buying shops.
They all have the same sized foot, and
each regards this fact In the nature of
a libel perpetrated upon him by the
other three. Every year each one of
the quartet chips In $18, and the fund
of $72 Is expended for shoes. Buyiug
them In such quantities there is u.itu
rally a reduction in price. One would
think that there would be an equal di
vision of the shoes, but that isn't their
little game.
The shoes are owned collectively,
share and share alike, and when not
being worn they are kept In a closet in
the express office, which Is the general
lounging place of the quartet If one
man wants to wear new shoes, he goes
to the express office and puts them on.
If he wears russets In the daytime and
wants to wear patent leathers In the
evening, he goes to the express office
and makes the change. They have
been doing this for several years and
claim they wouldn't wear shoes In any
other way.— Philadelphia Record.
Why They Keep to the Right.
"It is a rare treat for a person to go
through Europe the first time," said a
returned tourist "I visited one old
palace hi Scotland and was walking
down a long corridor when I came to a
sentinel, who told me to keep to the
right I could not see any reason why
I should keep to the right and asked
him why, but he said be could not tell.
1 finally asked the custodian, and he
said be had looked it up in the archives
of the palace and found that nearly
100 years ago the floor was painted,
and some people walked over the fresh
paint The officer of . the day was or
dered to station a sentinel there to
keep people off from the fresh paint
and have them walk to the right The
order had never been countermanded,
and from that day to this a sentinel
stands there and tells everybody to
keep to the right"— lndianapolis Press.
Antidotes For Carbolic Acid.
Alcohol and vinegar are effective
antidotes for carbolic acid poisoning, a
New York doctor announces. What
ever quantity of the poison has been
swallowed, four times as much whisky
or five times as much vinegar should
be administered Immediately. No oil of
any kind should be given. "Thus treat
ed early enough," he adds, "all cases
will recover."
' "More Sociable."
A lady wtio lias recently returned
from abroad had a curious experience
at the little town of Dlnant, In Bel
gium. She was traveling in a party of
three, including another lady and a
young man. They Bought accommoda
tion at a hotel and were shown a room
In which there were three beds and on
a deal table three basins and jugs about
as big as slop basins and milk Jugs.
The ladies explained that one room
was quite insufficient for their needs,
but it was a long time before they
could get the hostess to understand
why. They were then ehswn another
room with three beds, three slop ba.
elns and three milk jugs and were told
that they could have that, too, If they
liked to pay for the six beds. It was
therefore arranged that the man should
have one room and three beds and jtke
ladies the other room and three beds,
"Do you always sleep In threes?"
said one lady to the hostess.
"Yes," was the reply; "It Is much
more sociable."— Madame.
Horse Racing; on tne Stage.
In racing scenes the horses do run at
full speed. They run, however, not on
the fixed stage, but 'on , what, may be
called treadmills, which keep the horses
in front of the house for longer or
shorter periods, according as they are
moved quickly or slowly. A picket
fence, placed between the audience and
the course, not only makes the scene
more realistic; It also hides the mechan
ism of the treadmills. This fence has
contributed in another way to add to
the effect by being moved In opposition
to the direction of the horses and so
lending to their apparent speed.
■ As to the sounds made by the foot
falls of horses to be heard as though
passing outside an interior scene, they
are reproduced by the dried hoofs of
dead ' horses or wooden Imitations
mounted on bandies and hammered
against surfaces of stone, gravel, sod
or whatever the occasion may demand.
They are also more elaborately manu
factured by revolving a cylinder with
pins protruding from the surface.
These pins are arranged, like the spurs
on a hand organ roller, to Imitate trot
ting, galloping or walking when struck
against other substances. If the sound
of a carriage Is to be added to the
trampling of horses, wheels are run on
sand.— CasseU'B Magazine.
Needed In His Business.
"I've decided," said the dignified old
man, "to let you have that young Brlte
ley after all if you are positive that you
can't be happy without him."
"Oh, father," the beautiful girl cried,
"you don't know how happy you have
made me! Now I can see the gates of
paradise opening. Dear, dear, good,
old papa! Let me kiss you for those
sweet words! Oh, I can hardly wait
to fly to him and tell him the glorious
news. He will be so glad! We shall
all be so happy now. It seems almost
like a lovely dream! I can hardly be
lieve that I am awake! But, tell me,
what has made you change your mind?
Yesterday when I tried to plead for
him you said you would never permit
us to see each other again. Ah, if you
had known how those words bruised
my heart! What has happened, father,
to make yon relent?"
He kissed her fondly and then, with
tears In his eyes, replied:
"I sat in a little game of poker where
he happened to have a hand last night
and if we don't get .that money back
in the family some way my business
is going to suffer."— Chicago Times-
Herald. ;:
Afraid to Bid.
At an auction sale of miscellaneous
goods at a country store the auctioneer
put up a buggy robe of fairly good
quality. An old farmer Inspected it
closely, seemed to think there was a
bargain in It and yet be hesitated to
bid.
"Think it cheap?" asked the^auction
eer, crying a 10 cent bid.
"Yes. kinder," was the reply.
"Then why don't you bid and get It?"
"Waal, I've bought heaps o' things in
dry goods and so on," slowly rejoined
the old man, "and 1 never yet took
home anything that the old woman
thought was worth the price. If I get
that 'ere robe for even 15 cents, she'd
grab it up, pull at one end, chaw on a
corner and call out: 'Cheated again!
More'n half cotton r That's the reason
I dasn't bid."— Ohio State Journal.
I uriiiVflD!/ \ For Nearly Sixty Years
f fILII'IUKII ' I The Leading National Fam-
\ lj|[fK|y ]WM | ily Newspaper for Progres-
! riLLIVL I imDUIiL | sive Farmers & Villagers.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»»♦♦»♦
An old, stanch, tried and true friend of the American People, from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, and the pioneer in every movement calculated to ad-
vance the interests and increase the prosperity of country people in every
State in the Union. ■ ..."
For over half a century farmers have followed its instructions • in raising
their crops, and in converting 1 them into cash have been guided by its market
reports, which have boen National authority.
If .you are interested in "Science and Mechanics" that department will
please and instruct. "Short Stories" will entertain old and young. ■ "Fashion
Articles" will catch the fancy of the ladies, and "Humorous Illustrations"
and items will bring sunshine to your, household. : • ■■
The Weekly Tribune is "The People's Paper" for the entire United
States, and contains all important news of the Nation and World. •
Uegular subscription price $1.00 per year, but we furnish it
And THE LEDGER One Year for. $2.75.
NEW- YORK Published Monday, Wednesday and Friday
THTWVP7TV tutbttwt? A com P lete . up-to-date, dally newepaper three
litl-WJI,t,JU,Y IBIBUfIE. Umes a week {or buay p^pfc who recejve
Contains all striking news features of The Daily Tribune up to hour
of going to press, and is profusely illustrated.
Regular subscription price $1.50 per year, but we furnish it
And THE LEDGER One Year for $3.00.
Send all orders to
"LEDGER." Jackson, Cal.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ft
LOTS ...
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»»
5J X The Meehan Property will be
S 2 subdivided Into building lots and
5 2 sold for CASH 6r INSTALLMENTS.
♦♦♦♦<>♦♦♦<>♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦ * Will be laid out In blocks, with
__ _^ J 50-foot streets and 25-foot alley-
I^/ 1 j I J ways. Each lot can be reached
© I ' I I\J O S at front or rear by wagon, pne
M. V^ W\. * main street from Volcano road
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦» ' * west of Calvin's house; one east
0 J of Meehan's house; and one west
O 2 of Keeney's property, to reach the
© 2 property • • . • •
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦»♦
SJI W yr** For further particulars apply to
ALL NEIL iMACpRRIE
«M«MM» S^ mlD *> • S< * v * t Street
' MISCELLANEOUS.
H {Through!
Francisco _
CMca B o I r&inSanC
Without I gm\
change i I f C Ogden
« \-J £\ B Route
a VUI \mJ Dally
Southern Pacific Company «^
IN CONNECTION WITH
Chicago, Unjon Pacific
& Northwestern Line
Overland Limited— Solid Vestibnled Train
of Double Drawing-room Sleeping Cars, Dlnine
Cars and Composite Car B
Leave San Francisco - -8:30 a.m.
Leave Sacramento - - 11 25 a M
Arrive Chicago - - - - 9:30 a. M.
Westbound train leaves Chicago daily 6:30 p. m.
Rock Island Route
Vestibuled Drawing-room Sleeping Car and
Dining Car, via Salt Lake City. Denver and
Omaha.
Leave San Francisco - - 8:30 a. m
Leave Sacramento - . 1 1:25 A. M
Arrive Salt Lake City - 3:10 p. m
Leave Salt Lake City - 8:16 p. m
Arrive Denver .... 9:15 p. m
Arrive Chicago - - - -7:59 a.m.
Westbound car leaves Chicago dally 10:00 p. M.
Burlington Route
Vestibuled Drawing-room Sleeping Car, via
Salt Lake City Denver and Omaha.
Leave San Francisco - -6:30 p.m.
Leave Sacramento - - 10:3U p. m
Arrive Denver - - - 9:00 a. m.
Arrive Chicago - - -2:15 p.m.
Westbound car teaves Chicago daily 11:00 p. m.
Connections are made at Sacramento from
and to both Southern and Northern California
for all three trains.
The Rock Island and Burlington Route cars
pass between X)gden and Denver over the Rio
Grande Western and Denver & Rio Grande
railroads.
For folders and more complete information,
inquire of
M. W. GORDON, Agent, lone.
s 'T^HERE is a certain stylish ef- ; !
5 J * ect about garments made S
S from these Celebrated Pat- 9 •
< g terns that Is not attained by the i "
( 3B nse of any other patterns. ; >
M£CALL|F!jk
#% BAZAR HPuJiljnfll
&TTERNSW
i(No-Scam>Allowance Pattcrns!!)^g^
Hare not an equal for style and perfect 3-
fit. Easy to understand. Only 10 and l« Sr
cts. each — none higher. Sold in nearly 5;
every city and town, or by mail. Ask for 2
them. Get a Fashion Sheet and s«e our j£
designs. Absolutely the very latest stylei, «I
A FREE PATTERN S
of her own selection will be (riven S*
every subscriber to S
IMAGAZINEW1 MAGAZ1NEW
*2 One that every lady should take regu- 2*
«5 Jarly. Beautiful colored plates ; latest £
tj fashions ; dressmaking; economies ; fancy jd
Sg work : household hints ; fiction, etc. Sub- 3*
3! scribe to-day, or. send sc. for latest copy. 3g
«g Lady agents wanted. Send for terms, g -
I THE McCALL CO., I
S 138-146 Wttt 14th St., New York. s§
• MISCELLANEOUS 'ADVERTISEMENTS.
McGall's Magazine
— —(the queen of fashion)— —
Will contain TWENTY-TWO FULL-PAGE
BEAUTIFUL COLORED PLATES— more
than 1000 exquisite, artistic and strictly up-to-
date FASHION designs— a large number of
short stories and handsome illustrations —
fancy work, hints on dressmaking and sugges-
tions for the home.
With Amador Ledger
$2.75 a Year
And each subscriber receives a FREE PAT-
TERN of -her own selection — a pattern sold by
most houses at 25 cents or 30 cents.
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••as
J UP-TO-DATE •
J Stationery and Novelties j
• . RIOHT *
• " AT TJT>T/-\TJC •
I FREEMAN'S VARIETY STORE I
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION^
A Made From SELECTED WHEAT
§j Blended According to Our Own Formula '.
*i Produclna P^r^ct Results and
«< Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
§» Sweet to the Palate's Touch and
• 7- — PIONEER FLOUR IILLS, SAGRAIERTO- •
uKDAN EADiNG dealer^llpl^ HI
« i i » lffl^^P^ JJORDAN MANUFACTURER ?III|k X
DON'T BE A™ *" m S
And take some other kind because a little
cheaper. Best is always cheapest in the ond, and the Jordan "AaAI " Cutlery
is "It." For sale by the leading dealers everywhere.
'-* ■ ■ '
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••a****
j LGiOCCMO ■& BROTHER j
• Wholesale and Retail Dealers in •
General Merchandise •» v* •
• Water Street, Foot of Broadway, Jackson •
• • ~V\T E TAKE PLEASURE IN INFORMING OUR PA- 5
m TV trons and the public generally that we have on hand a Z
Z very choice selected stock of DRY GOODS of all kinds, GRO- Z
Z CERIES AND PROVISIONS, CLOTHING. . BOOTS AND 2
. ■■ ' m SHOES. We particularly direct the attention of the public i
2 to the fact that we keep on hand the largest assortment of Z
Z IRON AND STEEL to be found in Amador county. Also a S
T Z superior assortment of all kinds of HARDWARE, such as !
a Carriage Bolts. Screws, Nuts, Nails, and. In fact, everything 2
m the market demands. We are sole agents for the celebrated !
Z HURCULES POWDER, of which which we shall constantly S
. - "■ • J keep on hand a large supply. S
[THE NEW 1
NATIONAL HOTEL ••*«-
(£)Jl&—^ Foot of Main Street
JACKSON, CAL. ...
o o o o o o FIRST-CUSS AGGOJHAODATIONS FOR TRAVELERS AT REASONABLE PRICES
L " Sample Room for Commercial Travelers
— "* Rooms Newly Furnished Throughout A
I Table Supplied With the Best in the Market "^V"
■ I BAR Supplied With the Finest Brands of T
y Wines Liquors and Cigars
E*. .-£>.. TTOOIBiaiESIS,
LAW AND ABSTRAGT OFFIGB
AMADOR -COUNTY ABSTRACT COMPANY - v
The Only Set of Abstract Books ( Property System ) in
Amador County
r— T George I. Wright, Sole Owner
Office;— Spagrioli Building, Courthouse Square, JACKSON. CAL.
Prompt Attention and Accurate Information Given to Letters of Inquiry.
ABSTRACTS OF JHININ9 PROPEBTIES A SPECIAITY Mjtt
MISCELLANEOUS/
THE LONDON
WOOLEN MILLS
J. H. HEITMAN
FINE TAILORING
Price list as Follows:
LONDON WEST OF ENGLAND
BROADCLOTH SUIT tm 00
LONDON CLAY WORSTED, in Blue
and Black 40 on
NEW ENGLAND WASHINGTON
MILLS CLAY WORSTED, blue-
black - • tan to 35 m
GERMAN CREPE DRESS WORSTED 35 00
FRENCH BLACK PIQUE 135 to » M
LONDON BLACK DOESKIN SUIT » 00
WASHINGTON MILLS GRAY WOR&
TED SUIT, to order $30 to 35 00
FINE ASSORTMENT IN TWEED
• SUITING , 115 to 40 00
LATEST STYLE OF ENGLISH AND
AMERICAN TROUSERING.... »4 to 12 00
600 J Street , Corner Sixth, BACKAHEXTO
OUR TASTE HAMS
Sweet, Juicy and Tender.
Wo live but onee —
Why not live well and enjoy life?
HALL, LUHRS & CO
Wholesale Grocers and
Provision Dealers . ; -■
'".>" v Sacramento. Cal.
A $4.00 BOOK FOR Tscts.
The Fanners' Encyclopedia.
-tf^R ' Everything J€iv
Hpjr creen cloth hind*
other books costing
14.00. If yon desire this book send us our special
offer price, $0.75, and 10.20 extra for postage and
we will forward the book to you. If it is not satis-
factory return it and we will exchange it or refund
your money. Send for our special illustrated cata-
logue, quoting the lowest prices on books, TSLEZ.
We can save you money. Address all orden to
THE WERNER COMPANY, -
mutton »n4 MamtKtinn. Akron, OtllO.
(The Wttner Company Is thoroughly reliable.]— Editor.
@ visit DR. JORDAN'S cr«t
ffgSMuseyni of Anatomy
I •TFi lO6l HASSiT ST. iot. Ctb 4 7th, S. T. Zil
|MM The Largest nf In kind in tbo Wor!4.
IlTftml we •*> cnnlii.-,-: y a^llin- mw jpfctaeru.
Lil »"* 11 ' roril h " w <n-!»h -tally you are m*l«
fAn laoithow to a-oM ti'imtK*aL-d disease. Ifjon
* 1 ■ saflTcr from anr of I&J Ills or rti'-n. come to the
oV £olde»t Speciaiiit en the Pie'iQc Coast, = .. k , ,
DK.JOIII>AX.|TiIVATK DIKKASES
CmutiH«!lonfr:-e an.lv r.-- irKaio Tnsnml |Min-
allrorbr letter. STi>lnll • Ui«p i!,;1,1j eradicated
from the emera wffhoat n-i:y atorcivrr.
EVERY MAN iipfliirg t» us will recdTO OBT
honest opinion ofM" <wini '»'m. . . •
We mm GnaranUe a POSITIVE CTSE in aerm cue
we undertake, or fnrl 'fit O«r Thousand DnllKts.
Write for Book— Phll«>HOpli> of .Marriage,
Ultra mr (A valuable honk. f«r raro.l
DB.JOBDAN A CO., 1051 MnrketSt. S. F.
U
-TO THE UNFORTUNATE
flßSSw^SSsiiS&b. themost successful spc-
KjSPvTT ff*^lß/jJ L " i; > li - s t i° San Francis-
%^s9nßs3|slifM»iS Syphilis in all' its forms'
Debility. Impotency,
Loss of Manhood,' the
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counte-
nance, dark spots under the eyes, pain in the
head, ringing in the ears, loss of confidence,
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitation
pf the heart, weakness of the limbs and back,
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs,
consumption, etc. . ■ ■■ ""**"*<
DR. GIBBON has practiced in San Francisco
over 37 years, and those troubled should not
ail to consult him and receive the benefit of
his great skill and experience. The doctor
cureSwh-en others fail, try 1 him. Cures Tffißft
anteeo. Persons cured at home. Charses reas>
onable. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. Gibbon, 825 Kearney street, San
Francisco, Cal.
••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
i its Not i
I Expensive=# S^
' m
t It's the quality that's high in Tea •
I Garden Drips, Toboggan Maple • -
• Syrup and Pelican Louisiana Mo- s)
I lasses, a)
J For sale by first-class grocers in ■ •
* cans only. Money refunded if the •
J goods are not satisfactory. Don't •
J accept an Imitation. See that the •
J manufacturer's name is litho- *
• graphed on every can. • • .■ . •
i Pacific Coast S.
SBynip Company ♦ 5
" 715719 Sateome street, San Francisco Z
• ••••••••)•••••••••••••••••
anything you invent or improve; also get ■
CMTEAT.TRADE-MARK. COPYrIIGHTor DESIGN
PROTECTION. Send model, sketch, or photo. •
for free examination and advice. • ,
BOOK ON PATENTS sfe3S?i :
\TC.A,SNOW& CO. I
P»teat Lawyers. WASHINGTON, D.C, | \