Established November i, 1855.
JUST A FEW SHORT TALES
PHaps and Mishaps of
Our Neighbors.
DEER AND WILDCAT IN MORTAL COMBAT
Miniature Electrical Plant Built by a
Mokelumne Hill Boy— Coyote At
tacks a Dog.
EL DORADO COONTY.
'Nugget, Placervllle, January sth.
Marco Brono had his right band en
tirely blown oil Monday morning by
the explosion of a giant powder car
tridge. He lighted it and held it in
his hand, with the above result. Dr.
Kantz was called in to- attend tho suf
ferer and found the . hand entirely off.
The. doctor amputated the ragged edge
and Bruno is resting as easy as possible
under the existing circumstances.
Democrat, Placerville, January 6th.
Between Placerville and the Strahle
alato quarry at Kelsey, broken only at
the river, there is a broad and contin
uous belt of the best slate in the world.
Of this we have tho sworn testimony
of experienced and scientific experts of
several nationalities. Still butter and
more of it, there is the demand for the
manufactured product vastly exceeding
possible supply by present j working
force and appliances. With enlarged
facilities of manufacture and transpor
tation, our slate industry is slated for a
splendid future.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Hinkson of Amador
City spent Christmas in' Placerville as
the guests of Mrs. ■ Hinkson's mother,
Mrs. Knights.
W. W. Tong met with quite a pain
ful accident a few days ago. • While
moving a harrow he tripped -and fell,
running one of tho harrow teeth
through his hand. The wound is do
ing nicely, and he says it doesn't, make
much difference anyway, as his buggy
horse does not require a driver.
CALAVERAS COUNTY.
Chronicle, Mokelumne Hill, January 6th.
Peter Dolma, a laun-Jryman who up
to ten days ago lived at Angels Camp,
died suddenly at his lodgings at 411 Pa
cific street, some time yesterday after
noon. The man's death was discovered
about 6 o'clock by an employe of the
house, who reported it to the Coroner.
In Dolma's room were found two small
bottles, one of which was filled with
strychnine, while the other was empty.
Its contents, from tho appearance of a
glass tumbler close by, had been uti
lized to destroy" the man's life. The
body was taken to the Morgue, .where
an inquest will be held.
Citizen, San Andreas, January 6th.
The news comes from the grading
camps on the line of • the extension of
the Sierra Railway f rom Jamestown to
Angels Camp that tho recent storms
have made the ground too soft for
scraping, and, finding they could mako
no satisfactory progress in the uncer
tain weather, the contractors have laid
off their crews until a dry spell is as
sured. The roadbed has been graded
from Jamestown to Table Mountain,
but work on the cut through the up
heaval is not completed. Graders have
moved on north of Table Mountain
crossing and were working- near the
old settlement known as Jeffersonville
when work was stopped, owing to the
wetness of tho country. ■-■< -
• Work on tho steel bridge over the
Stanislaus river is being pushed along
satisfactorily. Excavations of bedrock
were made for the foundations of tne
steel cylinders, which form the north
and south piers of tho structure aad
the piers were finished last week. The
fialse work on which the steel structure
will be framed is being raised and no
further, delay is looked ' for in that
work. ". : "'
Prospect, San Andreas, January 6th.
J. • C Wilson and j Martin Layman
were arrested at an early hour Monday
morning on Twenty-fourth street by
Policeman Thompson, after a desper
ate struggle, and were booked on -a
charge of burglary. An additional
charge of carrying a concealed weapon
was registered against Wilson. Thomp
son saw the two men standing in the
doorway of Mossford's hardware-store,
3825 Twenty-fourth street, and asked
them what they were doing there at
such an unseemly hour. They told
him to mind his own business, and
Thompson proceeded to do so by plac
ing the handcuffs on Wilson's wrists.
The above article appeared in last
Tuesday's San Francisco .Call. The
two men whose names appear therein
were in San Andreas some time during
the month of November last and re
mained here two or three days. They
represented that they were ex-soldiers
of the late war and photograph
ers, and were taking orders for
enlarging pictures. There is no
doubt, however, but that the pict
ure business was only a side issue or a
convenient auxiliary to their crooked
work.
One evening last weeK as Martin
Donnallan was returning to town in a
cart from hies claim near tho Donnallan
bridge, a large coyote attacked his dog
which was following a short distance
behind the vehicle. The dog ran for
his master, closely pursued by the coy
ote. Keaching tho cart, • the dog ran
under it and tho coyote approached
within three feet of the rig. Martin
picked up his gun quickly and fired
The Amador Ledger.
several shots at the animal, wounding
it, but it managed to escape.
Frank Peek Jr.of Mokelumne Hill, a
lad about eighteen years of age, lately
turned his attention to the study of
electrical science, and, after procuring
the necessary books, pursued his stud
ies alone and unaided during spare
time. He soon acquired such an un
derestanding of tho work that he con
ceived the idea, a few weeks ago, of
building a small dynamo. With a
soldering iron, files and such crude
tools as may be found around a dwel
ling-house, he built a dynamo sure
enough. It is a small affair that one
could easily put in his overcoat pocket,
but it works like a charm.
The armature, including pulley and
bearings, is about seven inches in
length, and the field magnets, including
the pole pieces, are one and five-eighths
inches in diameter and five inches in
length; the field winding contains about
two pounds of wire and! the whole is
two and one-half inches in diameter;
the commutator is one-quarter of an
inch in length and has twelve segments;
the brushes are one inch wide and one
and one-half inches long. This is run
by a little four-inch waterwheel pro
pelled by a stream of water from a
three-quarter-inch rubber hose. T"A
homo-made battery is also used in con
nection with the motor. With the
power thus generated he propelled kis
mother's sewing machine, also a home
made electric fan, and had ' power
■.jnongh beaidos for two electric lights.
Tho little machine is quite a curiosity
and the workmanship would not be a
discredit to even a more finished elec
tiieian.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
Independent. Sonora,' January 6th.
There was a hot time in the old town
last Sunday night, when the year was
ushered out and the new one welcomed
with all varieties of noise. The ring
ing of bells, the explosion of dynamite
and the unmusical fishhorns were, as'
usual, a part of the programme, but
there was an addition to the celebra
tion in the shape- of the firing of the
too handy „ revolver, which latter
amusement would have gladly been
dispensed with by our citizens. Bul
lets sped- so lively during the night that
a majority of the signs on both sides
of Washington street were decorated
with from one to six bullet-holes and
many a\y irings were likewise perforated.
The proper place for these wild and
wooly revelers was in the lockup, and
it is unfortunate that such wholesale
disregard of peace and yuletude should
go unpunished. Noise is legitimate at
the coming of the new year, but bul
lets are dangerous to life and no im
improvement to property.
New Era, Carters, January sth.
E. Si Isenberg, a Sonora merchant,
was mysteriously shot on New Year
eve in that city while walking down
Washington street. The bullet entered
just above the heart, passed near the
aorta and penetrated the lung, and, al
though the wound is a serious one, it
may not result fatally. Who fired the
shot is not known and may never be,
as there was considerable promiscuous
shooting on that night, and from all
accounts there should have been nu
merous arrests. We are told that
many participated in that careless and
dangerous "amusement." The unfor
tunate man was picked up by two
young men who were passing by and
taken to the home of Otto Kanig,
where he is under careful attention.
Union Democrat. Sonora, January 6th.
In making a professional call last
week Dr. Bromley had occasion to
travel the Parrot's Ferry road, and
passing a particularly wild and lonely
point his attention was arrested by two
wild animals engaged in a life and death
struggle. At the same time his horses
stopped and trembled with fright.
The fighting animals were probably
seventy-five yards distant from the
doctor, who soon discovered that a
deer was struggling to free itself from
tho vicious grip of a large wildcat.
The doctor endeavored to urge for
ward his horses, but they, too, were
witnesses to the encounter and refused
to move. Finally the deer fell to the
ground, and the wildcat, discovering
the observing party, sought safety in
the brush. Tying his team, the doc
tor approached the scene of conflict,
and there upon the ground lay the dead
deer with a crimson stream flowing
from a deep throat wound inflicted by
the claws and teeth of the wildcat.
Not forgetful of the methods pursued
in his days of sportsmanship, the doc
tor hurriedly and properly hung the
venison to a convenient tree and pro
ceeded on his journey. He informed a
young fellow of the sight he had wit
nessed, described the locality and the
tree to which the venison was hanging.
The following day the doctor was pre
sented with a nice, hunk of deer meat;
-We are conscious that many people un
acquainted with Dr. Bromley will
doubt tho above, and we want to vouch
for his varacity and sobriety.
"I am indebted to One Minute^ Cough Cure
for my health and lifo. It cured me of lung
trouble following grip." Thousands owe their
Hues to the prompt action of this never failing
remedy It cures coughs, colds, croup, bron
chitis, pneumonia, grip and throat and lung
troubles. Its early use prevents consumption.
It Is the only harmless remedy that gives im
mediate results. City Pharmacy. ' •
They Ate Their Words.
The post . graduate student who was
describing the Patagonian expedition
had an enthralled audience, * "And for
nine days," he said, "after our boat
was lost, we had nothing to eat except
our college yell. "
His hearers shuddered. A scientific
education held many possibilities.
The modern and most effective cure for con
sumption and all liver troubles— the famous
little pills known as DeWltfs Little Early
Risers, City Pharmacy, *3
JACKSON, AMADOR COUNTY. CAIiIKOKNIA, FRIDAY; JANUARY 12. 1900.
VERY HIGHEST ANTIQUITY
Creditor and Debtor, Spend
- and Miser.
"COBNUTS" IRONICm EULOGY Oil DEBT
Says Spend and Regale: Save a Dol
lar and Ton Lay It up for
Debt is of the very highest antiquity.
The first debt in the history of man is
the debt of nature, and the first in
stinct is to put off the payment of it to
the last moment. Many persons, it
will be observed, following "the na
tural procedure, would die be
fore they would pay their debts.
Society is composed of two classes,
debtors and creditors. The creditor
class has been erroneously supposed
the more enviable. Never was there
a greater misconception; and the hold
it yet maintains upon opinion is a re
markable example of the obstinacy of
error, notwithstanding the plainest
lessons of experience. The debtor has
the sympathies of mankind. He
is seldom spoken of but with expressions
of tenderness and compassion— "the
poor debtor!" and "the unfortunate
debtor!" On the other hand, harsh
and hard-harted are the epithets al
lotted to the creditor spoken of? No,
the creditor never becomes the object
of pity, unless he passes into the debtor
class. A creditor may be ruined by
the poor debtor, but it is not until he
becomes unable to pay his own debts,
that he begins to be compassionated.
A debtor is a man of mark. Many
eyes are fixed upon him; many have
interest in his well-being; his move
ments are of concern; he cannot dis
appear unheeded ; his name is in many
mouths: " his name is upon many
books; he is a man of note— of promis
sory note; he fills the speculation of
many minds; men conjecture about
him, wonder and conjecture whether
he will pay. He is a man of conse
quence, for many are running after
him. His door is thronged with duns.
He is inquired after every hour of the
day. Judges hear of him and know
him. -Every meal he swallow?, every
coat he puts upon his back, every dol
lar ho borrows, appears before the
country in some formal document.
Compare his notoriety with the ob
scure lot of the creditor, of the man
who has nothing but claims on the
world; a landlord, or fundbolder, or
some such disagreeable hard character.
The man who pays his way is un
known in his neighborhood. You ask
the milkman at his door, and he can
not tell you his name. You ask the
butcher where Mr. Payall lives, and he
will tell you there is no such person in
the neighborhood. People that have his
money fast in their pockets have no
thought of his person or appellation.
His house is only known: No. 71 is
good pay, No. 71 is ready money. It
is an anonymous house; its owner pays
his way to obscurity. No one knows
anything about him or heeds his move
ments. If a carriage be seen at his
door, the neighborhood is not full of
concern lest he be going to run away.
If a package be moved from his home,
a score of boys are not employed to
watch whether it be carried to the
pawnbroker. Mr. Payall fills no place
in the public mind; no one has any
hopes or fears about him.
The creditor always figures in the
fancy as a sour, single man. with griz
zled hair, a scowling countenance and
a peremptory airj who always lives in
a dark apartment, with musty deeds
about him and an iron safe, as impen
etrable as his heart, grabbing together
what he does ' not enjoy. The debtor,
on the other hand, is always pictured
with a wife and six fair-haired daugh
ters, bound together in affection and
misery, full of sensibility, and suffering
without a fault. The creditor, it is
never doubted, thrives without a merit.
He has no wife and children to pity.
No one ever thinks it desirable that he
should have the means of living. He
is a brute for insisting that be must
receive, in order to pay. It is not in
the imagination of man to conceive
that his creditor has demands upon
him which must be satisfied, and that
he must do to others as others must do
to him. A creditor is a personification
of exaction. He is supposed to be al
ways taking in, and never giving out.
People idly fancy that the possession
of riches is desirable. What blindness!
Spend and regale. Save a dollar and
you lay it up for a thief. The prudent
men are the men who live beyond their
means. Happen what may, they are
safe. They have taken time by the
forelock. They have anticipated for
tune. The wealthy fool with gold in
store, has only denied himself so much
enjoyment, which another will sieze at
his expense. Look at those people in
a panic. See who are the fools then.
You may say as one of them goes by
in an agony of apprehension, "There is
a stupid fellow who fancied himself rich
because he had fifty thousand dollars
in the bank." The history of the last
thirty years has taught the moral,
1 'spend and regale. ' ' Whatever is laid
up beyond the present hour is put in
jeopardy. There is no certainty but
in instant enjoyment. Look at the
school boys sharing a plum cake. The
knowing ones eat, as for a face; but a
stupid fellow saves his portion; just
nibbles a bit and keeps the rest for
another time. Most provident block
head! The others, when they gob*
bled up their shares, sot upon him,
plunder him and thresh him for crying
out.
Before the terms "depreciation^ "
"suspension," etc., were heard, there
might have been some reason in the
practico of laying up; but now it de
notes the darkest blindness. The pru
dent men of tho present, time are the
men in debt. In any case the debtor
is safe. He has put hi* enjoyments
behind him; they are safe; no turns of
fortune can disturb them. Tho sub
stance he has eaten up is irrecoverable.
The future cannot trouble his past.
Ho has nothing to apprehend. Ho has
anticipated more than fortune would
ever have granted him. He has
tricked fortune; and his creditors—
bah!" who feels for creditors? What
are creditors? Landlords; a pitiless and
unpitable tribe; all griping extortion
ers! What would become of the world
of debtors, if it did not steal a march
upon this rapacious class? — Gardner
villo Courier.
On ' Every j Bottle
Of Shiloh's Consumption cure Is this guaran
tee: "All we ask of you is to use two- thirds of
the contents of this bottle faithfully, then If
you can say you are not benefited, return the
bottle to your druggist and he may refund the
price paid." Price paid 25c, 50c and ft. For
sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. *
Our Meats Will Win.
American beef no longer Tneets with
disfavor in the British market. After
years of experience with it the people
are more friendly toward it than ever.
Manj shops now display signs calling
attention to the fact that they handle
"prime American beef," whereas, a
few years ago, such an announcement
would have seriously injured their
trade. American beef has been tried
and found satisfactory by the greatest
and most critical meat-consuming na
tion of Europe. It is a safe prediction
that sooner or later our meats will win
a similar victory in other European
countries. Merit and cheapness are a
hard combination to keep down.
Those countries which now hold out
against our good and cheap meats are
placing themselves at a serious disad
vantage industriously, as compared
with their more liberal competitors.
Dear food means dear labor, either in
price or in efficiency, among civilized
nations, and this means costly produc
tion, which makes competition impos
sible in these days of cheap products.
It is only a question of time when Ger
many, which is making vigorous at
tempts to become the foremost indus
trial nation of Europe, will be forced
to realized these truths, and to admit
American meats in order to maintain
her industrial position.
How Is Yonr Wife?
Has she lost her beauty ? If so constipation,
Indigestion, sick headache, are the principal
causes, Karl's Clover Root Tea has cured these
ills for half a century. Price 25c and 50c.
Money refunded if results are not satisfactory.
For salt) by A. Goldner, Druggist. * •
Minnesota's Fines Failing.
According to the best estimates
available, there are now 7,000,000,000
feet of white pine still standing within
the borders of the State of Minnesota.
To one who -is unaquainted with the
magnitude of the lumber interests in
the State this would seem to Indicate
that lumbering will continue to be one
of the State's great industries for some
years to come; but when it is stated
further than this pine is melting away
at the the rate of 1,500,000,000 feet
every year, it requires but a minute's
computation to demonstrate that this
industry is rapidly drawing to a close,
and that in another five years, if the
present rate of consumption continues,
an end will have been reached to the
lumber business of the State. Tho
mills of Minneapolis will cut almost
120,000,000 feet more lumber this year
than in any that has preceded it, and
preparations are making for an even
larger output for next season. This
winter more than 15,000 men will be
employed in the pine woods, and more
logs will be banked, if conditions are
favorable, than ever before. The
wages paid these men will aggregate
about $150,000 per month,' and ~ they
will be steadily employed until the
spring breakup.
Tell Tonr Sister
A beautiful complexion is an impossibility
without good pure blood, the sort that only ex
ists in connection with good digestion, a healthy
liver and bowels. Karl's Clover Root Tea acts
directly on the bowels, liver and kidneys, keep
ing them in perfect health. Price 25c and 50c.
For sale by A. Goldner, Druggist. *
Agricultural Strategy.
| Colonel Waylie, of Alabama, is some
thing of an amateur f armor, but the
darkies play sad havoc with his choice
vegetables. This year he thought he
would be a strategist, and so he called
his old gardner to him and said: "Look
here, Uncle Henry: I'm trying an
experiment with the west field for a
chemist downtown. The corn is a
poison rariety, and if any one of the
darkies about here touch it they will
be killed sure. You'd better warn
them, hadn't you?"
"Sartinly I will: sartinly I will," re
responded the old negro.
"Well, do you think it will have any
effect on them?" asked ' his employer.
"Do you think it will prevent them
from stealing It?"
"What do I think 'bout it?"
queried the old man. "I think dar'll
be a lot o' dade niggers 'round hyer
sho'; dats what I think 'bout it."
G. H. Appleton, Justice of the Peace, Clarks
burg, N. J., says: "De Witt's Little Early
Risers are the best pills made for constipation.
We use no others." Quickly cure all liver and
bowel troubles. City Pharmacy. •
Elevating It.
"What we need, "said the editor, "is
higher criticism."
Thereupon he issued orders to have
the book reviewer and the dramatic
critic given offices on tho top floor.
His Queer Catch.
One of the queerest experiences in
catching trout that any man ever had
was that at Moosohead lake recently
by a sportsman named Williams. He
was standing on the apron of tho dam
at Wilson's, fishing in the quick water
below, and had met with fair success.
Near the shore, on his right hand, in a
little eddy, he noticed a barrel lying on
its side in several feet of water. He
found that it was an old molasses bar
rel and was lying so that he could
see the bunghole. *■ -.
'. Of course, the barrel was full of
water, and tho man had no idea ' there
was a fish inside of it, but just for cu
riousity he dropped his hook through
the hole, and no sooner had it landed
there than the wator was boiling, and
the fisherman knew that ho had a
trout on the other end. He played
him until the fish was tired, and when
be came to land him ho could not get
him through the hole. He secured a
saw and sawed a piece out oft the top of
the barrel, near the hole. The fish
came out. It weighod three pounds
and was one of the handsomest square
tails caught in that section this year.
One of the guides said that the trout
must have gone into the barrel when
quite small and bad lived on bugs and
worms which had taken up thoir abode
inside.
Bo Yon Know
Consumption is preventable? Science has
proven that, and also that neglect is suicidal.
The worst cold or cough can be cured with Shi
loh's Cough and Consumption Cure, Sold on
positive guarantee for over fifty years. For sale
by A. Goldner, Druggist ; •
Big Ships to Be.
Designs for the "greatest battleships
ever projected for the American Navy
have been agreed upon by the Naval
Construction, after several months of
discussion ] over the important ques
tions of battery, armor, speed, coal ca
pacity, and displacement. The three
new vessels— to be called the Georgia,
the New Jersey and the Pennslyvania
— will equal in forniidability the finest
battleships yet laid down by any for
eign Power, and with the American
improvements will surpass in fighting
force any ships now afloat.
The salient features of the design
contemplate a displacement of 14,000
tons, as compared with the Oregon's
11,000. The speed is to be "at least
nineteen knots, " with a coal capacity
of 2000 tons.
The total oost.of each of these three'
ships when ready for sea will exceed $7,
000,000 each. They will cruze 7000
miles straightway, and there will not
be three ships of similar offensive and
defensive strength in the fleet of any
possible enemy.
L. T. Travis, agent Southern Railroad, Se
lina, Ga , writes: "I cannot say too much in
praise of One Minute Cough Cure. In my case
it worked like a charm." The only harmless
remedy that gives immediate results. Cures
coughs, colds, croup, brohchi tis and all throat
and lung troubles. City Pharmacy. •
Tobacco Juice in France.
Tobacco juice, rich in nicotine and
warranted, is kept for sale at all tobac
conists in France. It is tested by Gov
ernment, and contains five to six times
the proportion of nicotine found in or
dinary tobacco juice. For spraying
plants it is mixed with 100 parts of
water. The spraying is done after sun
set, and the plants are sprinkled with
clean water noxt day. For fumigating
hothouses, to destroy insects and para
sites, it is diluted with five parts of
water and sprayed on hot bricks or
sheet iron. Asa lotion to kill para
sites on cattle it is mixed with twenty
parts of water and applied- gradually
to tho parts of tho skin, avoiding sores.
Tho above mixtures are improved by
adding three and one-half ounces of
soda crystals to each one and three
fourths pints of diluted juice.
MISCELLANEOUS.
DftPIERCES
FAVORITE
PRESCRIPTION
MAKES
MOTHER W^m
AND BABY
STRONG AND Ug- ft
HAPPY (^^%%£t
IT DOES NOT CONTAIN
ALCOHOL,
WHISKY,
OPIUM,
COCAINE
or other Intoxicant or Narcotic.
A TRUE TEMPERANCE MEDICINE.
LA MODE
HEpapiUllDlTfip
Weller Building, Main Street, Jackson
. DRESSMAKING and
FANCY NECKWEAR
MRS. ANNIE M. WELLER, Proprietress
A Russian Wolf Story.
"Well," said the red-faced man,
"the most exciting case I over had hap
pened a few days in Russia. One night,
when sleighing about ten miles from
my destination, I discovered, to my in
tense horror, that I was being followed
by a pack of wolves. I fired blindly
into the pack, killing one of the brutes,
and,. to my delight, saw the others
stop to devour it.
. "After doing this, however, they
still came on, I kept on repeating the
dose, with the same result, and each
occasion gave me an opportunity to
whip up my horses. Finally there was
only one wolf left, yet on it came, with
its fierce eyes glaring in anticipation of
a good, hot supper."
. Here the man who had been sitting
in the corner burst forth into a fit of
laughter.
"Why, man, "he said, "by your way
of reckoning that last wolf must have
had the rest of the pack inside of
him!'.' - ,
_"Ah!" said the red-faced man, ."now
I remember," it did wabble a I bit."—
London Tit-Bits.
MISCELLANEOUS ADVERTISEMENTS.
Electricity !
DR. W. F. GREEN, D. D. S.
WEBB BUILDING. JACKSON. CAL. -
Teeth Filled and Extracted Positively Without
Pain by ELECTRICITY
Artificial Teeth made on Aluminum Plates.. Easy to
keep clean; light as a feather and will never tarnish. Also
Gold and Metal Plates. All plate work leaving my office is
guaranteed to fit, wear and give perfect satisfaction and com-
GOLD, ALUMINUM AND PLATINUM CROWNS
AH Crown and Bridge Work made according to the
latest and approved method.
FINE GOLD FILLINGS A SPECIALTY
. . ,
Ulcerated Teeth, no matter of how long standing, cured
in one treatment;
DR. W. F. GREEN, D. D. S.
Webb Building, Main Street, Jackson, Cal.
| Complete
I New Stock Received
gg^'i ', Composed of all kinds of goods for Winter Wear
P Vicuna Wool Underclothing
@ Ready-Made Garments for Ladies
• Flannelettes
J Mackintoshes
• Rubber Boots
5 Rubbers
• Umbrellas - — —
• BOOTS -AND SHOES of the very latest style and
• pattern. The best stock ever brought to Amador
0 county
£4 Fresh and new stock of
• . GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
• GLAVINOVICH & PARKER
• CORNER COURT AND MAIN STREETS
9 Snnset Telephone ■ ; ; ♦
LAW AND ABSTRACT OFFICE
AMADOR COUNTY ABSTRACT COMPANY . v
The Only Set «f Abstract , Books (Property System) in
Amador County
George I. Wright, Sole Owner
Office;— Gordon Building, Courthouse Square, JACKSON. CAL.
Prompt Attention and Accurate Information Given to Letters of Inquiry.
ABSTRACTS OF MINING PROPERTIES A SPECIALTY
MISCELLANEOUS.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
|ll # a.kent :
2 Blacksmith •
• Wagonmaker and •
• Horseshoei%» •
2 /"CARRIAGE PAINTING AND GEN- 2
a V_y eral Smithing attended to with dis- S
m ■ patch at reasonable rates. Holder's old 5
0 stand. Main street, Jackson. Z
'»'!■! r.FflClh
(Of Italian usage)
Jackson, Amador County, Cal.
V. GIOVANNONI, : Proprietor.
A FTER CONSIDERABLE EXPENSE AND
xV. long work we have arrived at the point of
utility to perfect the best qualities of Italian
paste. Shipments made and prices reasonable.
ANTONE RATTO
Carpenter and Contractor
ESTIMATES GIVEN ON. ALL KINDS OF
work. Jobbing and repairing work\ at-
tended to promptly. Address at FreguAa'ti
shop. Broadway, Jackson. .
Ten Cents Per Copy.
LAWYERS.
TTT H. WILLIS <iy;
-- ■ .-- Attorney-at-Law
Jackson, Cal. ' ' *
Office: With E. A. Freeican. Practice In all
State Courts.
.. 1 ~~ . . ■
JOHN F. DAVIS
LAWYER
Jackson, Cal.
■ ■ . ■ >>;■:';,
Office on Summit Street, opposite Courthouse.
■■ — . .
TACOB L. SARGENT
; —^ ATTORNEY -i- * " ;
Jackson, Cal.
Office: Brown's Building, Court Street. Mines
and mining laws a specialty. .;.-;-
Tj^ A. FREEMAN.
Attorney-at-Law
Office in Marelia Building, corner Main and
Court streets. .;■;,- .. .:_:■--:
• NOTARIES.
HILDA CLOUGH
Stenographer and Hotary Public!
Jackson, CaL7^--,1
Office, Judge Davis' law offices. Summit Street.
DOCTORS. ', "
■_
1 \R. A. M. GALL
; ; _-. Physician and Surgeon
Office in Well & Renno Building, Main Street.
"VT C. SIMMONS
Physician and Surgeon
Suttkb Creek, Cal. .
Office: Richards Building.' Residence- Sut-
ler Hotel.
TTVR. J. H. GILES .
Physician and Surgeon
Sutteb Creek, Cal.
Office. Eureka Street one block east of Main
"El V. TIFFANY, M.' D.|
Physician and Surgeon
Plymouth, Cal.
to- Office on Main Street ::-'::■: :
T"\R. C. H. GIBBONS.,
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal. ; °
Office and residence in Weil & Renno Building.
Office hours: 2p.m. to 4 p. m,, and when not
otherwise engaged. Sunset telephone, Main
"piRED HUTCHINS, M. D.
Physician and Burgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office with Dr. Robertson, in the Kay Building.
Will be in his office every evening (Sundays ex-
cepted) f ram 7 to 9. -
DENTISTS.
Xy" F - GREEN
DENTIST
Webb Block, Main Street. Makes a specialty -
of crown and bridge work. .- \ ■
T\R. C. A. HERRICK
DENTIST— ~
Jackson. Cai* -
Office in Kay Building. Hours from 9 a. m. to
sp.m. . _ -■
■ : MISCELLANEOUS.
iiilSli
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : " : : $50,000
President Henry Eudey
Vice-President S. G. Spagnoll
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudey
board op directors:
.Henry Eudey, S. G. Spagnoli, John Strohm, C.
. Marelia and Alex Eudey of Jackson. ■
SAFE DEPOSIT.— Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from the Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from are
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables. ■ • ...
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postofflce or express. Money sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. We 'have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County.
They receive deposits from $5 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die it can't be found and you are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive.
E. MARRE & BR(h;
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Importud and Domestic
Wines4iquors*Cigars
JACKSON, CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
tell Cognac, Moct & Chaudon, White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros "
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries; Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres,
Bordeaux. Clarets and .Sautcrnes; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY, Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ited, Walkervillc, Ontario, Canada; John de
Kuyper & Zoon, Rotterdam, Gin; Gilka Kuem-
mcl, from J. A. Gilka, Berlin; Barthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester. N. V., Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness 1
Stout and Bass' Alo (bottled by Read Bros.,
London) ; Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ala; Naglee Brandy; Reimported American
Whiskies. >
6LOBE HOTEL
• Corner Main and Court Streets
JACKSON, CAL.
P. DWYER, : : : Proprietor
First-Class in Every Respect
ESPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO OOM-
mercial travelers. Sample rooms con-
nected with the house. The very best of ser-
vice guaranteed to patrons. ■ • .
Good Meals. 29 Cents
: :: — —
I. L. GODFREY
BUILDER, JOINER AND WORKER IN WOODS
Water Street, Jackson
IS PREPARED TO DO ALL KINDS OF
plain or ornamental work. Bookcases,
Wardrobes, Commodes, etc., turned out In the
most skillful manner. Window Screens and
Blinds made in short order. Orders from the
country attended to promptly.THE AMADOR LEDGER
Published 'Fridays by
AMADOR COUNTY; PUBLISHING; J COMPANY.
— SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One Year (if not in advance) '. $3 00
One Year (in advance) 2 50
'Six M0nth5........ 1 25
Three Months } : ....:.......- 75
One or More Copies of the Ledger, each 10
Lekal, Advertising— Per Square— First Insertion ; .$1 00
Subsequent Insertions— Per Square— each.. :...:.... \r.*.?:i .**.': :.'.'.. 50
P. BUFFINGTON • ; x. x : Editor and Manager
FRIDAY > 1 .... ..JANUARY 12, 1900
INTRODUCTORY GREETING.
To all the patrons of the Amador Ledger and the
Amador Republican, Greeting: With last week's issue the
Ledger passed into the hands of the Amador County Pub
lishing Company, owners for some years past of the Amador
Republican. But the Ledger has not fallen into the hauds
of novices. Those who assume its ownership and manage
ment are neither new to the newspaper business nor to the
country in which they will operate and the interests of which
they hope to serve. The enterprise they hscte undertaken is
no experimental or speculative venture, but an enlargement
' of their already well established and growing business and
extension of their sphere of influence.
As publishers of the Republican we have received inanv
most cheering proofs of the confidence and good will of the
best and most influential citizens of this county, and most
flattering notices and testimonials, though never solicited,
have been frequently given by judicious men and the press
of the State at large.
.. This support and encouragement, taken in '.connection
with the present circumstances and prospects of the count}',
have formed the basis of the present action in taking this
important step in advance. We have faith in the future and
confidence in our friends, and as for ourselves we shall adopt
as our aim and principle the. sentiment expressed in the
poet's lines:
P" 'Tis not as mortals to command success,
But we'll do more, Semprouius, well deserve it.V'i
No reasonable effort or expense will be spared to make
the paper in the highest degree useful and acceptable to its
patrons. It will not only be kept up to its former standard
but an earnest and continued eudeavor will be made to
] improve it. Whatever features of either paper have won
favor, will be retained and strengthened and such others
. added as shall be deemed valuable and acceptable to the pub
lic. The Ledger ever will be a family paper and a business
man's paper, clean, truthful and impartial but aggressive
and progressive. _ In public matters it will vigorously sup
port the right and strongly oppose the wrong.
The Amador County Publishing Company has great
confidence in the future of this county, the natural wealth of
wtiich ; is ■unsurpassed' if not unrivaled. The enterprises
already under way, those provided for, and 1 thers sure to be
soon inaugurated form a prospective development that is as
. alluring to men of energy, ambition and intelligence, as the
vast treasures of our mineral veins are to men of capital.
A new era has dawned upon the mineral belt of which' Ama
dor county is the center, in which we are to see activity,'
enterprise and success in all our varied industries, and espe
cially in the chief one, mining, such as has never been seen
before.
Here, then, is a most attractive field for journalism. To
act as "Advance Agent of Prosperity," to help produce it
and then, perhaps, share its rewards are the objects and hopes
which have induced the publishers to increase so largely
their investment and also their circle of acquaintance.
THE SENATORIAL PROBLEM.
The great and momentous question whether the sov
ereign State of California shall count for a half or a whole
State in the Senate of the United States, remains, apparently,
undecided. What causes this hesitation ? Are not the facts
all fully in the possession of our chief executive ? Surely,
it requires but an ordinary exercise of judgment to make
both duty and policy so clear that vacillation becomes worse
than a mistake. ' . • .
I _"| Under.; the. circumstances all citizens, who sincerely
desire the good of the State, can have but one wish in the
matter, and that is to see the Legislature convened and a
Senator legally chosen. Those who hold any other opinion
are influenced either by party or personal considerations and
can justify themselves only by saying that non-representa
tion is the less of the two evils which they believe or pretend
are involved in a choice. It is easily conceivable that irrecon
cilable Democrats may feel so, and craftily labor to so confuse
the minds of their Republican neighbors that they may act
the part of those " who hesitate and are thereby lost." But
common sense ought to show Republicans that their interest,
THE A-M-ADOtt LEDGER; JACKSON, lAJ.IFOItyiA, FRIDAY. JANUARY 12, 1900.
as well as [the good 6f(the party, is directly opposed to such
half-hdarted and timid course. \ ~ M • •■ V> pPfc
Itas possible that Governor Gage may have been waiting'
to see what -the ' Senate Committee would report on tlie claims
of M. S. Quay to a seat as the appointee of Governor William
A. Stone' of . Pennsylvania/ Should the Senate seat Quay^
Governor Gage would perhaps follow the Pennsylvania Gov
ernor's example and appoint a Senator confident of his being
admitted and without the danger of another deadlock and a
repetition of the unpleasantness and unpatriotic stubborness
displayed at Sacramento last Spring.
But such action is not desirable. In the first place the
people will not accept executive action in the place of legis
lative duty. It will . not place the Republican party in, a
favorable position .before the people. Then, again, such an
appointee could only hold his seat until the next meeting of
the State Legislature, which will be less than a year from
now, and the change made then would possibly give the place
notonly to another man, but to the opposing party. : The
former failure to elect, and the present inaction, cause popu
lar discontent which may result in a Democratic Legislature
next fall and if the present Assembly and Senate do notifill
the place the next ones will, regardless of any; temporary 'ap
pointment by the Governor. ;- ' " ' •■■'" ".;' :•"•:
Let the Governor call them together according to law; and
then, laying aside all personal motives, attachments,'.pre
judices and animosities, and keeping in view only their duty
£°i th^.S tat «| and thefparty which is now the trusteeof the
public" good,* let them "make the choice of a Senator to serve
for the remainder of the term, about five and one-half years.
This is the thing which should be done. The path of duty
is clear and -they who would hide or obstruct it are not ac
tuated by patriotism or love of the Republican party. '
ADVENT OF THE RAILROAD.
The division of sentiment in Amador county, along! the
Mother, Lode, relative to the advisability or non-advisability
of having a line of rajlroad running from the Southern Pacific
terminus to Sutter Creek or Jackson, or to both, must have
e M%r. durin S. the P as t few weeks— crystal ized into'a firm be
lief" that suctfa road would be of incalculable benefit to all of
the material interests of Amador county. The impassible
condition of the wagon roads, and the congestion of freight at
the lone depot, all destined for points along the Mother Lode,
are most convincing proofs that the present mode of trans
portation of freight— namely, by. wagon— is deplorably : in
adequate for the volume of business to be handled! Three
hundred thousand feet of lumber is today, and has been for
some time, exposed to the weather in the railroad yards and
the freight sheds are so full that, after wagon traffic opens,' it
will take months to get the ; merchandise and mining mater
ials to their destinations,. even if every available team and
wagon is pressed into service. >;' - '.''"
The change in the condition of general business affairs'
which will be wrought by a railroad will not be so great as
many people think. It is true that the men who are. oper
ating* stages and freight-hauling outfits from the railroad at
lone to the various towns along the Mother Lode will be
forced to find other employment for their men and teams, but,
as the advent of the road will open up new avenues of indus
try and new enterprises, so it will provide new employment
for all these and many more and thus make more than ade
quate compensation for the loss of labor in the transporta
tion of freight and passengers from the Southern Pacific lines
to the populous towns of the mining section of the county.
The railroad willchange many conditions in our towns.
With it will ; be; infused into our business circles new blood
and new capital; and while some of those now in business
may be.compelled to move farther back, where the army mak
ing-, them arch of progress will not reach for twenty years to
come, this will be no detriment to the general welfare •of
our cb inni unities; nor, to the material interests of those pro
gressive * citizens who in ■ the battle for business supremacy
will once more illustrate the infallibility of the law of "sur
vival of the fittest." «<;
STORMS ON THE MOTHER LODE.
W. H. Storms, who has a record of successful research
on the Mother Lode in connection with the Mining
Bureau with which he was associated in the performance! of
field work from 1892 to 1896, inclusive, has beeii selected by
Governor Gage as "expert in the field" to give especial'atten
tion to the. Mother : Lode section from Mariposa to Nevada.
Mr. Storms has commenced his work in Jackson, and is at
present preparing the data for his report, which will be given
to the public in the form of a bulletin about the middle of
July and later be incorporated in a report -to be issued by
the State Mining Bureau. 
: v Mr. 'Storms has * the outlining of his work in his own
hands, and has decided to devote his time to the securingof
data which will give more details than have ever before been
given in. the field, work of the State Mining Bureau, his
theory being that the cost of mining, and milling operations
depend so much on;conditions, which may vary in each mine,
that to be of value the conditions must be stated. As to
this matter the Ledger agrees with Mr. Storms, and, as he
is one of the most capable men ever sent out to do field work
in the milling section, commends him to the mine owners
and mine operators of Amador county, in the hope that they
will give him any assistance in their power to make .his
work reliable and thus valuable.
Suicidtypt the Gw*.
A man named* Hfeyton, aged about
thirtyt'five yeatif- corrtmittoi^uiculi^t
theco©pres»^p)ant oU thet^ivin i&no
WednSsaay&igt. : Thurlaay
He was on night shift at tho plant and
shut it down at about 10:30 p. m.
After j.rj-ing to , i;ing him ,up >he*htwd
oHice sent a man down to see what was
the matter, at about 2 a. m. -' He found
tho place open but shut down, ijq ho,
went out to get assistance and »itj-|
turned, finding the door locket?/
Whe.n an entrance was affepted they
fonnd Pay ton hanging, to a beam, dead
and his neck broken.: Ho had thrown
his ne«:k broken. , .He had thrown 1 a
log chain over a beam and then had
attached it to. a rope, which •ho fas
tened around his neck.- 1 Apparently- ho
had nailed cleats to the wooden covor
to the machinery, and walking! jap
thereon jumped out, taking about an
eight-foot , drop. Ho. loft a j note, in
which he said that hia friends had gone
back on him, and that, rather "than
tell them about it, he would suicide.
The note also asked that his money be
sent to his sister in the East.'
"Scotty" and j Wife Serenaded
.'Last Sunday evening Mr.' and Mrs.
M. Scatena were serenaded' by several
members of the original Jackson Band.
The host and hostess accorded the
visiting musicians a royal welcome and
served refreshments consisting of roast
turkey, candy, nuts and champagne, to
which all did ample justice.
The members of the serenading party
were: John Cademartori, Chas. H.
Crocker, P. V. Sanjjuinetti, Ray Mee
han, Ruel Parker, Vurgilia Belluomini
and Charles Neumann.
The torch bearers were Willis and
Georgie Polger.
"Dining-Eoom "Up in Heaps."
Miss Lucy Hinkson was compelled to
suspend her labors- in theNewNational
dining room last Saturday, owing to an
attack of the mumps. She left for, her
home in Amador City on the 2:30 staire".
Shortly after Miss Hiukson departed
Miss Jessie Mitchell was called to the
telephone by her father, who informed
her of the death of her uncle, Richard
Rogers, at the Keystone mine. She
left immediately for her home. Mrs.'
F. A. Voorheis and Miss Nellie Mug
ford, formerly a waitress at the Na
tional, fulfilled the dining room duties
during their absence.
. Likes His Job.
Lloyd Brubakor, well known among
miners and others of this camp, ap
rivud from Bear River Monday even
ing, the work there having been closed
down for the winter. He will con
tinue with the company, working-; on
the new eleotrlo plant -until 1 spring,
and then returning to Bear River." He
is well pleased with the position 1 he
has, and- is looking the picture of
health. ■■>
"Sorosis," the , ; new ' shoe for -women, ai
Show's Cash Store, filter Creek- :j * '.
A Feline Retriever.
A gentleman who is stopping at the
New National Hotel has a cat that will
give the best dog in the land cards
and spades and then beat him retriev
ing.. The owner of: the eat took.no
particular pains to teach it' the trick.
It just picked up the science along
with other famous accomplishments of
which it is possessed.
Has Carefnl Drivers.
If the Raggio stage and baggage line
between Jackson and lone was not pro
vided with very careful drivers and the
best of stock and vehicles • accidents
would certainly occur as: the road in
some parts is simply abominable. The
stage line, howevsr, being wdlr
equipped, passengers.fell perfectly safe
and hence travel is very good. ■ !
Information Wanted.
A letter addressed to the Mayor of
Jackson, in which inquiry is made for
a man named Lewis Albin, supposed to
have been a resident of Jackson in
1897, was delivered to Thomas Greea
halgh, and now Mr. Greenhalgh is
busy trying to ascertain something
about the lost man. Ho is supposed to
have died near here about a year ago.
Fine Oranges.
N. H. Baughmaa of lone was in
town Tuesday. He brought with him
some very .large oranges, several
of. which -he gave -to' Senator John F.
Davis and Judge R. C. Rust. He has
a tree that is a prolific producer of
robust and gigantic oranges.
Property in Demand.
Property near the old Moore mine is
in demand. Evidently there are pros
pects ahead for the resumption of work
at this old-time producer.
In case of sickness a doc-
tor who can write the prop-
er prescription is no more
important than the pharm-
acist who can properly com-
pound the prescription after
it is written
At our storo prescriptions are
carefully and properly com-
pounded by a graduate in
pharmacy.
Drugs— Fresh and Fare
The Latest Periodicals
Toilet Articles of Every Kind
Wines and Liquors for Medicinal
Purposes
CITY * PHARMACY
DUNLAP & KEBR
Main Street JACKSON
pin v swing Hums
R. L.. MANN, Proprietor
—EVERYTHING t FIRST-CLASS—
National Holel Building
Foot of Main Street
i^^^Js[\ i. &T HE f white-^houseH)
i /.y**^*^ ■ '.'■* ■■ t-3 Si "<-< ; - -~-^->~^v , ,
H 1 Klvyl 1^ / AI w •" H
§jjr,_ rm»«2a ■ wirofe '**■■? ■'■ o\?\\ '■■ • ;■••;■■'■■■
S^piii 1 Not many, though, of those beautiful Capes
ca - t se l n°t 6UE and Jackets we bought for the holiday trade.
I rnru Tos,ANY%NEm We will close them out. now; at a large reduc-
applSTation I tion in price, and guarantee every garment in
pvpw rpcnppt
c i hh J a S ss H bb e en A se!fiL N i 2 THE d L t A T. EST -^ T J R k G . OLF C^^ S GREAT VALUES AND AN ASSORT-
JM- a swell sarment^ ?Hmlnsi B ,Si and tailor-made jackets: onr 110 ga- ment equal to any the Emporium
rou'nifwith the h??t of ifS^S?i» ment; everybody knows the value: can show; swell line in ladies 0™
w^U'ivethe^mp 5« — ii?2s ; comes in black, t«n, new bine, new side skirts in all wool plaids in
;! ■;..ag.gss.QQ. |: .sjjib.oo J ' g^153,50
- We desire most; particularly to direct your attention to our elegant and up-to-
date stock of Custom and Ready Made Clothing. Men's Furnishing
(joods, Boots and. Shoes, on which we have put HARD TIMES PRICES.
XjT" Send for our catalogue, free^ . ' '."''"' ' '
;-,.:- We have received from the mills ten cases of Blankets and Comforters; we
are selling at mill prices; call and convince yourself. -:>' ; -
Special, on sale during the holiday month, twenty dozen Ladies Kid Gloves;
assorted colors; real value, $1.50. Special, $1.00.
I are well selected with great care. We only handle first-class goods at popular prices. II
P A handsome illustrated Cloak Catalogue will be furnished, free. Given away, free, 1
% with every $1.00 cash purchase, a handsome lithographed writing tablet. >\;\
I WHITE HOI)SE<Ht J:
Hlw al |Ljlll? et 'J!!mm' SOn " HENRY WEIL, Manager |f
MISCELLANEOUS. .' [ ■■.
JACKSON
HOSPITAL
Mushett Place - : !
, .. . JACKSON. CAL "„
Strictly Modern * ;
* In All Respects
Light, Aseptic Operating-Boom
Single Booms and Wards • • •
"Sjj Modern Fitings and Appliances t
Hot and Cold Baths ' , ■
>■■-!
BETZ' HOT AIR APPARATUS, for treat
mentot rheumatic conditions (acute and chron
ie), sciatica and joint diseases.
: . i
Physicians may bring their private patient!
and retain exactly the same relation to them' a:
they would in their own homes.
HOSPITAL BATES . SEASONABLE j
. Physicians' fees in proportion to conditions
Trained nurses from San Francisco in constan
attendance. ,
SURGERY A SPECIALTY ' :.■.>:• i •
. . ',-.- ..'. ■'*
E. E. ENDICOTT,'
Besident Physician:
Office: Webb Building, Main Street. '
: E s
: w : ■
2 r-, • North Main Street Jackson
• I ••■•■••■'•■ ;
• • *&- • \/ • ■ • •
: E : '-^fc^r
• ■» • .
• \j •
• II *
• ■* •••••••••••••••••••••
• I • The Best of Care Taken
i^i of Transient Stock . .
• • Gentle Horses ..... !
• F J Splendid Vehicles and the
J X Best Equipment of All
• \iy • Kinds .
•^^■^•••••••••••••••••••»
• ' • ■ ■ - " . ■ '■ -
• c •
:S:
J - 2 Prices Reasonable
• *-- •
• C •
c r • •• . . .
••■■ ■ ' •
•••••• ■■■ .
M. A. MAILS
For the Best
Assortment of
Dry Goods
SHOES
Furnishing -.- ; Goods
Of All Kinds '
For Ladies!
And Children
At the Lowest Prices
GO TO—
M. A. MAILS
Sutter Creek
WE'RE SWEEPING OUT
iA7i\ixcn CTAn/
Bill VI Umud 1 ll L/l V Vll
Special line : of Underwear at cost: Cloth-
ing, ■■ Boots and Shoes, Hats, etc. v Carpets
and Matting, Furniture, Hardware, Grocer-
:' The prices are too small to quote; call
at 'the store and see; they will surprise you.
NEWMAN
Main Street, Jackson-^ — -
***♦ „ — "♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦'
T .
ON DEAL BUGGIES
.. ... .. -. ; _ , ■ . -.
BUGGIES - » SOLD AT 4
SAMPLES ON EXHIBITION
Exclusive Agency for the Deal Buggies
Which Are the Best
W. E. KENT
♦— -BBOADWAY, JACKSON
YOU
CAN STUMBLE
Into shoe stores as easy as you stumble in some of the
shoes you'd find. You can't stumble in our shoes.
Wear, our shoes. .
*— : — PETERSON'S EXCLUSIVE SHOE STORE
nnset Telephone 121 J[ Webb Block, Jackson, Cal.
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION^ •
A Made From SELECTED WHEAT
|j Blended According to Our Own Formula
*i Producing Perfect Results
RECORD OP THIRTY-FIVE YEARS IN AMADOR' COUNTY OF HONORABLE
./and upright dealing Is with you. and we respectfully ash for a continuance of your favors:
Tthout prejudice.
© — PIONEER FLOOR 1111$, SACRAMENTO -•BUNCH OF BULLION-PRODUCERS
THAT ARE SHOWING UP WELL
Sheep Ranch Mill Ready
to Operate.
Mill-Building at the Oneida
Is Delayed.
TO PUT NEW MACHINERY ON THE POGOHANTAS
Operations at the Spagnolia, Centen
nial and Other Great Mines of
the Mother Lode.
AMADOR COUNTY.
The Oneida— Jackson.
The work of mill building at the'
Oneida mine has ljeen delayed aer
iously on account of the impossibility
of hauling the lumber to bo used in its
construction from the depot at lone to
the mine. There is now at the lone
depot about 200,000 feet of lumber for
that mill, which cannot possibly -be
hauled in a manner that will be profit
able to either the owner or the team
ster for some weeks to come. • The de
lay already caused by bad roads will
probably place the completion. of the
mill as late in tho coming year as July.
The development of the mine in the
new shaft and on the levels therefrom
continue/ under the efficient manage
ment of John Truscott, and whenever
the sixty-stamp mill is completed the
propertyfwill be so well opened that it
can be kept running indefinitely. The
repairing and reopening the old shaft
is progressing rapidly and within a
short time connections will be made
between the old shaft and the new,
thus producing a ventilation for the
workmen in the mine than which there
is none better.
Belmont Mine— Pioneer.
John McKelvey, who has a bond to
purchase' a mine from F. C. Turner,
Samuel Folsom an>l Tom Westphal,
with George Joyce as assignee of West
phal, is having some trouble in the
matter. It seems that tho first pay
ment of $600 was due on the 2nd, and
by request of Folforn and Westphal
the date of payment was delayed for
one week. On tbe fth McKelvey paid
one-third each to those gentlemen and
Turner has refused to take his one
third. Mr. McKelvey does not pur
pose to be trifled with in the matter
and will resort to the Courts, if neces
sary.
Centennial— Drytown .
The Centennial shaft is now down
630 feet, making about 330 feet sunk in
the shaft by the company of which L.
A. Gross is superintendent. At about
500 feet in depth a water tank was cut
to tbe east of the shaft and in that the
ledge was encountered, which shows
from seventjeen "to eignteen feet in
thickness. Three feet of it on the hang
ing-wall assays about $17.50 per ton,
while the balance .is ot low grade.
Sinking is still in progress and will be
continued to 800 or 1000 feet before the
ledge is'prospected.
The Spagnolia— Clinton.
The development work on the Spag
nolia mine, near Clinton, which is being
prosecuted for the owners by David
Fisher, is being prosecuted faithfully.
This mine in olden days was very rich
in specimen rock near the surface," and
when the ledge is tapped at a depth of
.200 feet— the 200-foot level is that from
which crosscutting fs being done to the
ledge, hose familiar with- the mine
believe that a most valuable body of
ore will be encountered.' So mote it be.
Pocahantas— Drytown.
Superintendent Me Wayne of the
Pocahantas is in San Francisco ar
ranging to increase the capacity of the
machinery and cables on the . mine, so
that the shaft can be carried from its
present depth of 700 feet to 1200 feet.
An east crosscut has been run which
has cut a five-foot vein of very good
appearing ore.
ALPINE COUNTY.
Gardnerville Courier: Unless all
signs fail, there will be considerable
activity in mining operations in Alpine
county next spring. Tho reported
strike in the Colorado mine has been
verified. But little ore has been taken
out, but they have uncovered a rich
streak of black ore which it is expected
will lead to a large deposit. The ore
bodies in this mine have been discov
ered in this way, and the present lead
is the largest ever found in the mine.
EL DORADO COUNTY.
Placerville Nugget: The S.uperior
(sometimes called the Tincup) Ribbon
Bock and Hattie May . mines on Web
ber creek are bonded to Alvinza Hay
ward, the San Francisco capitalist, for
the sum of $55,000 for a period of
eighteen months.
H. H. Martin of Rawhide mine fame
is the owner of the Superior mine, and
Frank Goyan of Placerville, by a recent
decision of the Superior Court, has been
made owner of the Ribbon Rock,
This bonding of the Ribbon Rock to
Hay ward ends the long litigation over
that property between Mr. Goyan
and Messrs Alexander and Cupham.
E. A. Davis, the representative of
Mr. Hayward. becomes superintendent
of tho combined properties, and Philip
Maul, formerly pf the Marguerite
mine, has been appointed foreman.
CALAVERAS COUNTY-
San Andreas Prospect: At the Vor
lander mine at Middle Bar, a crosscut
yrUl be. run from the. 150-foQt level with
a view to locate a place for a working
shaft. The quartz formation, com
posed of a series of veins, is about 200
feet in width, so this cut will be run in
order to explore the different veins.
As noon as this is accomplished, heavy
machinery will, be installed and the
company will prepare to go down a
thousand feet.
A party of miners are engaged in
working what is known as the "Lime
stone Crevice," a placer mine near
Maxey's place on O'Neill's creek.
This is a property which was work"cd
by early miners with good results, but
they were never able to bottom this
crevice or pot-hole on account of t«he
large quantity of water. The present
company is engaged in ground-sluic
ing off as much of the ground as possi
ble preparatory to commencing sinking.
It_is good returns 4 fromjr.tho> work and
is"*conlident that it-has a rich property.
When ready jto commence sinking it
will install a pumn^of '.sufficient capac-*
ity to handle theflow 'of water.
■ tlSan 1 Andrfe© $ it&S! 1 Com
mod ore mine the crosscutting of the
ledge at the 300-foot level is still being
prosecuted. They have gone through
fifteen feet of solid quartz and have
not reached the wall. yet. AJI reports
agreed that the indications are excel
lent and that the ledge is all milling ore
which it wQuld.:pay to miD.- t .Superin
tendent Clary Is elated' with the assays
and the immense body of ore. It is his
intention to thoroughly -exploit : the
ledge at this level, and the result of
that will be the guide ; for the future
operations on this mine. If this ledge
holds out, as there is every reason to
believe it will, a forty-stamp mill will
probably bo placed on the Commodore
San Andreas Citizen: It was origin
ally supposed that the large cash cap
ital with which the Melones Company
began business would be sufficient to
thoroughly equip the property. As an
additional precaution, 32,453 shares of
the original 200,000 shares capital
stock were left in the treasury. The
shortage of capital is due to two acci
dents which occurred when arranging
for the mill. A ledge, supposed to
reach across the creek, had been se*
lected for the foundation of the dam.'
After the dam had been partly built it
was discovered that it ran into quick
sand, and during tbe delay a floo<J
swept away that part of the dam al
ready completed. The foundation for
tho 120-stanjprmill Jt^as ; insecure (an^
had to be reinfSrbsof andrenewedVt
considerable cost. The necessary
money is to be raised by sale of pre
ferred 6tock, bonds and an assessment.
Mr. Ralston is now in Boston arrang
ing for the vigorous resumption of
work in the early spring.
Sheep Ranch— Calaveraa Ccounty.
The mill is completed and the mine
un watered and reopened, to the lowest
levels. A gaug of men has been, en
gaged in the work of repairing the
shaft from the 300-foot to the 500-foot
levels, and in putting in forty-pound
rails the entire length of the shaft.
As 'soon as this repair work is com
pleted the taking out of ore will be
commenced and the mill started up.
The intention now is to commence to
crush ore this week and ha?egthe
twenty stamps dropping steadily .and
continuously by the loth of the^'montli.
It is believed by the people who are in
terested in the mining industry, that
the Sheep Ranch will again become the
bullion-producer it was in the days of
its greatest prosperity.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
Sonora Democrat: In doing the
assessment work on a claim on the
main Tuolumne river, near the Tuol
umne mine, A. C Maier struck a large
vein of high-grade ore. The ore body
was struck ten feet from the surface. I
The vein is from five to six feet in.
width and the quartz shows free gold'
and contains about 10 per cent sulphur
ets.
. At the Mt. Jefferson mine prepara
tions are being made to start the three
compartment vertical shaft on the
hanging-wall. This will be driven
down 1000 feet, though it is expected
to strike the vein at a depth of 500 feet.
At present work in the various drifts
is continued and an immense body of
ore is ready for handy stoping. Su
perintendent M. Meigban says he will
have the new ten-stamp mill in opera
tion by the 15th inst.
House to Bent.
The Peiser residence on Court street is for
rent. A desirable location for professional
or business man; Improved grounds ; patent
water-closet. Apply at this office.
Nourse, £ the " Pioneer.
George F. Nourse, the pioneer trav
eler of the Pioneer Flpur Company of
Sacramento, made his usual Jackson trip
this week. Mr. Nourse, who for several
years in early days was a merchant of
Volcano, always considers his Amador
county trip among the most pleasant he
takes. His many friends and patrons are
always pleased to greet him and to en-,
joy a few minutes with him socially.
Mr. Nourso has the distinction of being
one of the original builders of the town
of Chico, Butte county.
Love's Hall Reopened.
Love's H ill has reopened, aud will hereafter
be conducted as ah opera-house and hall. *
Whist Party.
Miss Crystal Snow gave a whist party
Monday night to a number of her
young friends. They all had a most
pleasant time. Besides the hostess
thpse whp were present and tppk.part
}n the game^vem^MJss Alm"a ivahoes,
Mrs. Nita "Ltttiefield^Migs Ha Ginoc
cho, William Crasc, Eddie Delahide,
Montie Snow/ Alex Axelrod.vSS^i
Tho first prize was won by William
Craso and. tho , booby- pr«e-by -Eddie
Delahide,
"Tit* 1 "AMADOU 'JLEDGim^ 12, .1900.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Mrs. Palmer of Suttvr Creek is visit
ing Mrs. B. F. Taylor. .; j
Miss Rose Stasal of t.iau Francisco is
visiting her relatives in Jackson. ' !^.,< !
Miss Edna Rust returned to her
school on the Cosumnw river Sunday.
Miss Inga Kay has returned from a
visit with her sister, Mrs. Jensen at
Lincoln.
E. B. Moore of the Sutter Hotel at
Sutter Creek was a Jackson visitor"
Tuesday.
L. A. Gross of the Centennial nriw^
at Drytown and his wife are guests at
tho National Hotel. % i
R. L. Marsh of the Jackson Butte
mine has been "under the weather"
for a few days lately.
J. E. Bachelder is a very happy man.
His wife.presentfld ;him"''witti.a bounc
ing baby on the lOtlT.
| C. fiL*> McKermey, (the Arnador
County Taiiorois making hisinonthly
trip in Amador county. I
■t *v' *} i'- w* • v c- « : .-V £*. •■*<
• Edwin Rust has returned to the Oak
land High School after spending the
holidays with his people here.
Miss Lizzie Taylor has returned to
her school duties at the Leland Stan
ford Junior University at Palo Alto.
Miss Christine Rickerts of San Fran
cisco is visiting at the home of her
uncle, Frank Hoffman, during the hol-
John Porobcich, who was one of those
injured December 16th, at the Gwin
mine, returned to his work Tuesday
morning.
Dr. Hutchins returned from a very
pleasant visit to his home in'wood
bridge, where he enjoyed the holidays
with his family, j
Miss May Fontenrose returned to
the Convent at Stockton I Monday,
after having spent the holiday vaca
tion in Amador county. ;
Misses Etta and Julia Ginocchio have
returned to their home in Sacramento,
after an extended visit with relatives
and friends in Jackson.
F. L. Fisher, the popular repre
sentative of the H. S. Crocker Com
pany of San Francisco, was doing busi
ness in Jackson this week.
Mrs. Kent and children returned from
a visit to her parents in Woodbridge
one day last week, after having had a
pleasant "Christmas'/ with them.* ;
D. Boro, who for many years has
lived at South Junction, this week
moved into- the stone ' mansion he re
cently bought in the Hamilton tract.
f J.C. McKelyy, t who is interested in
.mining »in' the Pioneer' district, j near
the Defender property,' went up to his
mine this week from his home in Oak
land. I - >/M £? - : - r ■■-
Attorutiy Stewart of lone returned
from-S^rr Francisco last Sunday ; also,
Hon. John R/ Tregloan '■ of Amador
City. Both gentlemen visited the
county sent Tuesday.
L. N. Keagle was called to Stockton
this week on account of the severe ill
ness of his father, who is visiting rela
tives in that city." Mr. Keagle Sr. is a
resident of Redlands.
j J. W. Caldwell and wife returned
from their wedding trip Saturday
night, and are are now keeping house
in a residence prepared for them on
the Mason Addition.
F. Waggershauser, who lost his leg
by an accident in tbe Zeila a few weeks
ago, was not getting along very well at
the first of the week, and it now seems
that his recovery is impossible.
Leopold Newman, a brother of George
Newman^ "and! 1 a former: resident of
Jackson, but now of tho grocery .firm
of'Bibo, Newman &'lkenburg of San
Francisco, was a Jackson visitor this
week. , i 0 . .. :- ■•? ••' : ■
Supervisor -A. B. McLaughlin of
Volcano was in Jackson this week in
company with a gentleman who is look
ing at some mining property— in which
Mr. McLaughlin is interested— with a
view to purchasing it.
W. R. Woodard and C. L. Jaeger,
accompanied D. Gutmann over the line
of the new railroad from lone to Jack
son Wednesday. When here the en
tire party went^to Sheep Ranch Thurs
day and returned to the Ford mine at
San Andreas to visit that property.
These gentlemen are all interested in
the Sheep Ranch and Ford mines and
in the new railroad.
In the Swim.
Here we are at last Just what the people
desire: Nice large airy bathrooms, flne porce
lain-tubs and hot water in abundanae at the
New National Shaving Parlors, R. L. Mann,
Proprietor. *
QUICKLY TOLD STORIES
For all kinds of school supplies go to Free -
man's General Variety Store. *
E. H. Harrington has a house belonging to
Mrs. Muldoon on Kennedy Flat to rent i *
The Jackson Band and Musical Improvement
Club will give a danco on February 22nd.
Wallace Kay, the owner, is putting a new
floor in the Golden West Drugstore of Alfred
Goldner. : ; . — *
A house of Mn. Muld^n on Kennedy Flat is
to rent. Apply to I .(.'Harrington at the
Kennedy mlne.*~ •-" * ■ • •
Walter McDowell was injured in Senora last
week and his wife was sent for. Ihe particu
lars of the accident have not been ascertained
at this oflioe, ~ ' Z ' « ■
. Come and take a swim in those Urge six-foot 1
porcelain tubs at the new bathrooms connected
with the New National Shaving Parlors, R. L.
Mann, proprietor. »
A. F. Peterson has a largo stack of the very
Bnest footwear possible to be secured. He is
sailing at marvelously reduced prices for cash.
Call and examine goods and be convinced that
his stock is the best and most extensive in
town. •
Arrested in Amador City.
Harvey Pen.se, Thomas Ball and
Thpmas Collier, three Jacksonites who
had hired a team and buggy from
Lewis' stable, went to Sutter Creek
and Amador City Wednesday after
noon and were arrested at the latter
place. They went back to Sutter
Creek Thursday to plead to a' charge
of cruelty to animals and misdemeanor
made, against thpm by,'Cpnstable Gray.
Lost.
The top part of an old-style breastpin was
lost in Webb Hall, at the Native Daughters'
New Year ball. The part lost consisted of a
garnet setting, with the accompanying band of
gold whioh held it in place. Very highly prized
as'ari heirloom. Plcjvsq return to Mrs, Nowcum,
HAPPILY MATED COUPLES
People Married in Amador
0-. Last Year.
'TWAS A GOOD SHOWING FOR AN OFF YEAR
Good People {Who Tookfonjthe Joys
and Sorrows of the Matrimonial
January I— William J. Trevaskis, aged 22,
and Emma Grimshaw, aged 19; by Rev. T. B.
Palmer, Jackson.
January B—Guiseppi8 — Guiseppi Poggi 41, and Maria Fop
piant 38; by Rev. J. J. Gleeson, at Jackson. . ,
January B— John Lithgow 51, and Mary M.
Randolph 37; by Webster L. Clark, at Sutter
Creek.
January 17— Bore Lusich 21. and Ida Lubitich
17; by Rev. W. Moloney, at Bunker Hill. ,
January 2S— Peter Giuliani 30, and Elvira
Gtannini 20; by Rev. J. J. Gleeson, at Jackson.
January 23— Owen E. Gillick 30, and Eva E.
Murphy 28; by Judge Goldner, at Jackson.
January 30— Frank 43, and Giovanni M. Zenl
28; by Rev. W. Moloney, at Sutter Creek. ,
February B— Robert Slater 38, and Mary A. :
Caddy 37; by Judge Goldner, at Jackson.
February B— Webster C. Smith 33, and Mabel
A. Flagg 21 ; by Rev. T. B. Palmer, at Jackson.
February 13— -Angeloe Glovannoni 24, and
Amelia Belluomini 23; by Rev. J. J. Gleeson,
at Jackson.
February 14 James Whelan 26, and Mary E.
O"Connell21; by Rev. W. Moloney. at Sutter
"Creek.
February 14— Benjamin Griffin 28, and Mary
McGee 25; by Rev. T. H. Garvin, at Pine Grove.
February 22— Charles Gibbert 36, and Rose L.
Laswell 26; by Rev. T. B. Palmer, at Jackson.
February 22— William T. Terrill 23, and
Grace A. Bodllly; by Rev.* T, B. Palmer, at
Jackson.
February 27— Liugi Cassassa 51, and Maria
Ceregin 35; by Judge R. C. Rust, at Jackson.
March 15— John E. Bachelder 33, and Alice
Louge 18; by Rev. J. J. Gleeson, at Jaokson.
April S— Edward Crowgery 38.' and Susan
Northey 40, by Rev. T. B. Palmer, at Jackson.
April 12— John B. Grlllo 30, and Mary Grasso
20; by Rev. W. Moloney, at Sutter Creek.
April 14— George WFelker 19, and Muriel D
Meek 17; by Rev T B Palmer, at Jackson.
April 19— John A B Wilson 28. and Mary L
Morrow 21. by Rev T B Palmer, near Jackson.
April 20— Charles W Smith 52, and Rebecca
Houston 29; by Rev Hugh Copeland. at lone.
April 26— Dean. Osgood Spring 43, and Cora
Getchell 34; by Rev Hugh Copeland, at lone.
April 27 — John I Snowden 33, and Elizabeth
Sowden34; by Rev James Jeffery, at Amador
city- ;iX f\
May 3— James C Van Wicklin 38, and Cath-
*•' ( i
■ i >
i >
< ■
, i - . -• i <
.J < >
i i >
i •' < '
r i '
I < '
! NOTICE 10 SUBSCRIBERS. I;
i < '
. Jackson. January 12, 19U0.— AH whom < .
i < i
i it may concern are hereby notified that < >
i I ■
i in the recent sale of the Ledger by the i .
> < '
> undersigned to the Amador County Pub <>
i < '
i llshing Company, January 2, law), the < >
> < '
i subscription accounts due the Ledger, < ■
> < '
i according to its latest corrected mailing <>
i' < '
> sheet, were also sold to the Amador < ■
> i >
> County Publishing Company, and are +
i ' ♦
i payable to the representative of that < ■
> . . i i
> company, at the Ledger office in Jack- < •
i i •
i son. Will. A. Newcum. < •
> < '
»' • ."; '. • ' ■ 'i >
I ' ■<
> -■•.": i >
> < >
'•••• »•••' »•••) »••*' >•••••••! « '
erine Fagan 30; by Rev W Moloncy, at Sutter
Creek.
May 3— Robert L Starkey 18, and Louisa A
A Rains 16; by Rev Hugh Copeland, at Carbon
dale.
May S— Walter Morris Barnhart 25, and Clara
Smith 19; by Rev Hiram Hill, at lone.
May 7— August Liubhardt 44, and Eva Bur-,
bank 28; by Rev T B Palmer, at Jackson.
April 30— Robert Towers -38, ahd Elma Den
end 24; by Rev George Cliiford. at Sutter
Creek. '-: . '■•■
May 13— Victor Mondain 23, and Balllstini
Privitale 20; by Rev J J Gleeson, at Jackson.
May 16 — Joseph M Maddox 40, and Lena Mc-
Cauley 24; by Rev Hiram Hill, at lone.
May 17— Amos Wells 60, and Mary Blauelt 49 r
by Rev H Copeland, at lone.
May 31— Francis F. Forbes 28. and Josephine
E Horr; by Rev T B Palmer, at Jackson.
June 15— Daniel R Donovan 28, and Laura
Rocca 21, by Rev J J Gleeson, at Jackson.
June 18— Amedeo Cassassa 30, and Rosa Cas
sassa !J»;by Rev J J Gleeson, at Jackron. ' '-
June 18— Louis Jones 33, and Ida Hammack
19; by Rrfv T B Palmer, at Jackson. >'• • -..J* ! ■
June 14— William P McSwatn 28, and Alber
tha Forbes SO ; ' by Rev '■ T B Palmer, ' at Ply
mouth.
April 19— Fred W Gleeson 26. and Winnie
Brown 84; by Judge J H Giles, at Sutter Creek.
June 29— Noble R Gregory 51, and Delia J
Cullinan 33; by Rev Patrick Kane, at Jackson.
June 29— William Tyak 25, and Mary Caddy
20; by Rev T B Palmer, at Jackson.
--Jaly- 6— George Hewston 25, and Margaret
Burrowes 16; by Judge A W Robinson, at Vol
cano.
July 16 — Venanzio Ramnti 31, and Erminia
Giavanonni 23; by Rev Patrick Kane, at Ama
dor City.
July 31—C E Fournier 43, and Rose X Clark
22; by Rev T B Palmer, at Jackson.
August 25— Walter M Scott 24, and Mayme
Courrier 20; by Judge Goldner, at Jackson.
August 16— James H Cox 21, and Lizzie Mac
Woodworth 18; by Rev George Clfllord, at Sut
ter Creek.
August 16 — Lester L Flagg 28, and Sulena
Rocca 18, by Rev Patrick Kane, at Jackson. - -■
August 30— William T Larson 38, and Jennie
M Edwards 30; by Rev « I i\ Cqttiqg, \\l Jack
son. ■ ._^
September 17— Ell' A SmUh'*6,; and Kate B
Fisher 22; by Judge A W Robinson, at Pine
Grove.
4— Charles F Smith 21, and Laura
Kevern IS; by Rev James Wbl taker, at Sutter
Creek.
October 18— Antone Ratto 25, and Elmtila
Glaonipi IS;. by Rev. J J Gleeson, at Jackson. -
October 25 — Charles R Renno 3a!, and Ida
Chlchliola SI ; by Rqv. J. f Glcesoa, «i Juck son,
October 18— Patrick Murphy 32. and Mary
King 25; by Judge H Goldner, at Jackson. .
. October 28— Napoleon Facchini 40, and Emma
Spinneti 24; by Rev J J Geeson, as Jackson.
October 31— Frank J Prouty 23, and Joseph
L Miller 19; by Rev J J Gleeson, at lone.
.October. 25— Thomas D Valentine 30 and
Evelyn Payne 21; by Rev. W. Moloney, at Sut
ter Creek.
.October 26— Frank M Thorpe 23, and Susie
Northy 24 ; by Rev F A Morrow, at Jackson.
November 12— Jerome S Giusto 23, and Elvira
Benero 18; by Rev. J J Gleeson. at Jackson.
August 28— Thomas Morris 48, and Vice Soer
eich 43; by Judge J Blower, at Plymouth.
November 18— John Deltorchio 28, and Annie
Rizzini 28; by Rev. J J Gleeson, at Jackson.
, November 18— Fred W Wlnchomb 25, and
Edith M Russell 20; by Rev. F A Morrow, at
Jackson. .
November 21— William Gibbert 39, and Caro
line Schmidt 35; by Rev. F A Morrow, at Jack
son.' . ;■-.; .: ■.-'
November 2S— F C Turner 34, and Snuilda M
Cueto 21; by Rev. F A Morrow, at Jackson.
November 21— William G Bawden 22, and
Maud Gray 20; by Rev. James Whitakur, at
Sutter Creek. .. ;;: :■
November 29— John Noce 30, and Mamie Gar
ibaldi 18: by Rev. W Moloney, at Sutter Creek.
December 17— Paolo Ferio 33, and Argentine
Cassassa 23: by Judge R C Rust, Jackson.
December 21— John R. Tippet t 25. and Sadie
Butler 21; by Rev. E. Hadtx, at Plymouth.
December 20— James W Caldwell over 21,
andGeorgieß Peters over 18; by Rev. Alfred
J Case, at Amador City. v..'_..; '
December 21— Wallace Draper 25. and Maggie
Westfall 48; by Rev. E B Winning, at lone.
Flayed Oat.
Dull Headache, Pains in various parts of -the
body.Sinfcing at the pit of the stomach, Loss of
appetite, Feverishness, Pimples or Sores are all
positive evidences of impure blood. No matter
how it became so it must be purified in order to
obtain good health. Ackker's Blood Elixir has
never failed to cure Scrofulous or Syphilitic
poisons or any other blood diseases. If is
certainly a wonderful remedy and we sell every
bottle on a positive guarantee. Sold by A,
Goldner.
"SHENANDOAH VALLEY.
Just a Few Notes From the Garden Spot
of North Amador.
I ,Shenandoah Valley, January 10.
We jiad a very lively storm last week,
but the weather has again settled into
smiling peace. ■•"":. ■.].
J. E. Walton has' returned from the
Bay city, whither he was called by the
serious illness of his wife, who was
visiting her mother, Mrs. M. Still
wagon. Mrs. Walton has improved
enough to accompany her hnsband
home.
-Fred A. Ball left for Santa Cruz last
Wednesday to attend a business col
lege. 1
Mrs. C. H. Courrier went to Sacra
mento yesterday.
Mr. and ■ Mrs. Boltz arrived \ from
Oregon recently, and are the guests of
W. A. Carter and family. Mr. Boltz
was to have held church services at
the schoolhouse Sunday, but the wild
weather kept every one away. ; ': .
School resumed Monday morning,
after the usual holiday vacation.
| Measles and the grip are abroad in
the land, and a number of our people
are temporarily laid up by one or the
other.
George W. Cruson, an old resident of
this place, died at tbe home of bis son,
John Cruson, on . the 2d, after a long
illness. The funeral was held Thurs
day forenoon and was largely attended.
Mr. Cruson was a . native of Ohio,
eighty-seven years of age, and had
Been a resident of the valley for twenty
eight years. He leaves two sons, John
and William Cruson, and three daugh
ters, Mrs. Charles Bell of Aukum, Mrs.
Haverstick of lone and Mrs. Asbury
of Calaveras. His wife died several
ago. "- -•• ■ >_ _ Shan.
Sick ' Headache absolutely and permanently
cured' by using Moki Tea. A pleasant herb
drink. Cures constipation and indigestion,
makes you eat, sleep, work and happy. Satis
faction guaranteed or money back.* 25 cents and
50 cents. Sold by A. Goldner.
Joint Installation.
Jackson Lodge, No. 36, I. O. O. F.,
and the Jackson Rebekah Lodge, N0.50,
installed officers Wednesday night. The
affair was a joint installation and was
concluded by a banquet. Mrs. Annie
L. Clark, District Deputy installed the
Rebekahs, and N. T. Littlefield, also
District Deputy, installed the Odd Fel
lows.
"-The new officers for the ensuing term
are as follows:
Noble Grand, Nellie Kent.
Vice Grand, Jenny Penry.
Recording Secretary, Annie Clark.
Treasurer, Kate Langhorst.
Financial Secretary, Frank Pense.
' Right , Supporter to Noble Grand,
Mollie Folger.
.Left Supporter to Noble Grand,
Mary Evans.
Warden, Lydia Pense.
Conductor, Mattie Freeman.
Inside Guard, Etta Harris.
Outside Guard, William Fuller.
Right Supporter to Vice Grand, Rose
Stasal. , :
Left Supporter to Vice Grand, Eva
Kent. „ . :- \
Chaplain, Emma Taylor.
Those. installed in tha Odd Fellows
lodge were:
Grand, William Fuller.
'Vice Grand, William May.
Secretary, W. E. Kent.
Treasurer, W. M. Penry. - ■
Right Supporter to Noble Grand,
W. : J. Harvey, i ; ;
Left Supporter to Noble Grand,
Henry Folger.
Right Supporter to Vice Grand, E.
Smith. - ;
Left Supporter to Vice Grand, Will
iam Nettle.
Warden, E. G. Turner.
Conductor, H. Clark.
Inside Guard, John Moyle.
Outside Guard, . Steve Peccavich.
Right Scene -Supporter, George Fell
muth.
Left Scene Supporter, J. H. Con
dit.
* Chaplain, R. VV. Morrow.
Dyspepsia can be cured by using Acker's Dys
pepsia Tablets . One little Tablet will give im
mediate relief or money refunded. Sold in hand
some tin boxes at 25 cents. Sold by A. Goldner.
On the Sutter Creek Boards.
From the columns of the Record the
people are informed that the play
'•Better Than Gold" Is in preparatien
at Sutter Creek, with the editor of the
Record as manager and, at the same
time, in the chief role. This from the
man who had the temerity to criticise
the selection of "Confusion," Nat
Goodwin's masterpiece and "Joshua
Whiteomb," Donman Thompson's suc
cess, by tho Jackson Histrionic Club, is
more than mortal man can bear, Rate,
AT THE BIG TWIN BRICKS
Calendar Day in the Superior
H BUSY THE IN THE RECORDER'S OFFICE
Large Somber of Proofs of Assess
ment Work on Mines Piled :,
for Becord.
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
DEEDS.
Elizabeth Dufrene to Joseph Du
f rene— Land near lone; $2500.
W. C. Fithian to J. C. Fithian—
Land in section. 7; $800.
W. E. Proctor to J. Dufrene et al—
Ham's Station; $450. .
H. P. Gordon . to G. W. Easton—
Nine one-hundredtns interest in Ris
ing Star quartz mine; $1. . . '• >
J. B. Vicini to E. B. Moore— Lot 6,
block 12, Sutter; $1.
Anna Yager to J. P. Yager — Land
in section 19. $50. . ......
MORTGAGES.
■ W. C. Fithian et al to B. Thompson
—Land in section 7; $800.
J. Dufrene et ux to J. H. Cavanaro —
Land near lone; $2500.
A. N. Peterson to G. Levaggi— Lot
3, block 1, Sutter; $720.
SATISFACTION OF MORTGAGE.
G. Boichegrain to E. Dufrene.
G. Boichegrain to E. Fithian.
G. Levaggi to A. Peterson.
G, Vicini to E. B. Moore. .
J. Huberty to C. M. Kelly.
LOCATION.
J. Severns on Earle, Severns and
Bully Boy placer claims. M'
Thomas White, Del Ray quartz min
ing claim.
W. H. Lessley et al, Lessley placer
claim. ■'■'■"!
E. A. Hacker, Lone Jack quartz
mine. •
B. Borghello et al, Nixon Hill placer
claim.
1 W. T. Robinson, Belvoir" quartz
mine.
A SSESSMENT WORK.
P. M. Peck, China Gulch placer
claim; C.H. Shields et al, Monitor
quartz mine; James S. Hayden, 54-Flat
mining* claim; J. Dennis, West Eureka
mine; M. E. Bates, Jupiter quartz
mine; Mrs. Mary. Leoni, Columbia
mine; R. K. McCoy, Mabala gravel
mine; E.T. Yale, East Keystone quartz
mine; T.B. Atkinson, Cleopatra quartz
mine; J. Williams, Austrian quartz
claim; J. C. Keigan, Serrano placer
mine; C. F. Davis, claim in Oleta Min
ing District; J. F. Goodman & Brend,
placer mining claim.
fnDWTCW I %^^ LW«
lllUot IJFjrjiUt
F. B. Moore to Bank of Amador
County— Lot 6, in block 12, Sutter
Creek: $7500.
DECLARATION OF HOMESTEAD.
Cecelia M. Solomonson — Land in sec
tions 20 and 29, township 7.
ABANDONMENT OF HOMESTEAD.
Alice A. Graves and D. W. Graves —
Southwest quarter of section 25, town
ship 8 north, range 9 east.
AGREEMENT.
W. A. Newcum with Amador County
Publishing Company— To sell "Ledger"
plant; $4500. . .
SUPERIOR COURT.
Court calendar was called Monday
morning.
August Wieczny vs. Thomas Bryson
Passed.
Bank of- Amador County vs. I. N.
DeWitt et al.— Passed.
J. Nichols vs. F. A. Bowman —
Passed.
Joshua Hendy Machine Works vs.
Red Hill Mining Company — Passed.
Stefano Oneto vs. P. Kelly (Consta
ble)— Passed.
James Whelan vs. John Rick —
Passed.
E. Ginocchio et al. vs. Charles Peters
et al. — Passed. s, •
David Hutson vs. N. Baughman —
Set for trial February 7th.
B. R. Breese et al. vs. G. G. Spag
noli et al. — Set for trial January 29th.
Mary E. Whelan vs. John Riek —
Passed.
Standard Electric Company vs. Ma
ria Taband et al. — Order for plaintiff
to refrain from taking possession of
property.
E. Ginocchio et al. vs. Maria Cas
sella — Demurrer withdrawn.
Simone Molfino vs. D. H. Rule et al.
Decision; case decided in favor of de
fendants.
Bertha L. Swain vs. Clarence W.
Swain — Trial; decree of divorce
granted.
Estate of Mary Goff— Decree settling
final account and discharging adminis
trator.
Estate of Mrs. • Ann Hart — Citation
issued for Josiah Gundry to appear be
fore Court; examination had.
Estate of Gustave Boichegrairi —
Hearing on final account of special ad
ministrator.
Eastate of Henry Stephens— Order
settling final account.
Estate of Mary E. Ferguson — De
cree of final discharge.
Estate of B. F. Richtmyer — Decree
establishing notice to creditors.
Mokl Tea positively cures sick headache, in
digestion and constipation. A delightful herb
drink. Removes all eruptions of the skin, pro
ducing a perfect complexion, or monoy re
funded; 25 cents and 50 cents. Sold by A. Gold
ner.
Son Dead and Mother Very 111.
Mrs. Ruffner of Butte City, who has
been prostrated by pneumouia for
some days, is improving. Her son,
"Elt," who was compelled to take to
his bed last Tuesday with the same
disease, succumbed to its terrible rav
ages and died Friday night. His re
mains were taken to Lodi for burial.
Mrs. Ruffner has not yet been told of
her son's demise, on account of her
precarious condition,
CATTLE STAMPEDED.
S. W. Bright's Cattle Break Out of a Cor-
ral and Snn Twenty-seven Miles.
j S. ! W. Bright sustained a loss of sev
eral hundred dollars on his beef cattle,
which are in a corral and being fed at
a place on the Calaveras River, be
tween Jenny Lind and Bellota. There
were eighty head in the corral at night
and in the morning all were gone. Ap
parently they hail been stampeded in
the corral and broke it down. The
man in- charge of them notified Mr.
Bright of tbe condition of affairs, and
herders were sent out to look for them.
The ground being soft niadu it poseible
to track them, and by energetic work
seventy-nine head of tho eighty were
recovered, somo of them being found
twenty-seven miles from the corral in
which they had been coufined. A sus
picious man was seen lurking about the
corral the night of the stampede, and
the impression is current that he stam
peded the cattle and made them break
out of the corral, in order that he and
his associates could run* them off and
ship them to market. This theory
seems tenable, as a number of them
were found in a dark urul almost inac
cessible canyon twenty-seven miles
away from the camp. Mr. Bright's
loss consists of the shrinking of the
stock, which -was in prime condition;
the money it cost to recover them and
the one animal not found, in all between
$300 and *50CX___^^^^^_
Notice.
Jackson, January 2.— 1 intend to leave for
Alaska early in the season. All persons in
debted to me are requested to settle before
February Ist, as my unsettled accounts will
then be placed In the hands of the collector.
For Sale.
One Piano as good as new.
One 4-Horse-Power Engine with a 7-horse
power boiler.
One Clay and Gravel Worker, 1-horse power.
One Derrick and hoisting outfit.
* ■ j Dr. C. H. Gibbons.
FARMERS'. INSTITUTE.
Much Interest Being Taken in the Session
to^Be Held at Lodi.
The farmers in the vicinity of Lodi
are taking much interest in the Farm
ers' Institute to be held there next
Wednesday, under the direction of the
University of California. Several in
stitutes have already been held in Lodi
arid all have proven most successful.
During the session Professor Fowler,
who conducts the question box, will
address the farmers on the following
subjects: "Relation of the University
to the Farmers' Instutute." "Educa
tional Social Value of the Institutes, "
''What the Institutes are Accomplish
ing," "The. Farm Wastes," "Beet
Cnlture," . "Alfalfa Culture," "Grain
Culture," "The Dairy Herd," "The
Silos Place in Economic . Feeding, "
"How to Build a Silo," "Irrigation
Practices," "Will Pumping for Irri
gation Pay?" "Orchard Topics."
■ Professor A. P. Haynes, who will
also be in attendance at the institute,
will discuss the following -subjects:
"Agriculture in the Philippines,','
"Olive Culture," "Grape Culture,"
"Resistant Vines." . £~-'.u - , .
"Chez" in the City.
C. B. Arditto, who went to Colusa
last week to visit and hunt ducks with
his friend, J. J. O'Rourke, found the
water in the tales so plentiful that there
were no ducks, and he went to San Fran
cisco to hunt bear and panthers. He
may return to Colusa before coming
home. ■ -i- ~-—~j-
DIED.
CRUSON— In Sbenandoah Valley. January 2.
19W), G. W. Cruson, a native of Ohio, aged 87
years, 6 months and 20 days.
[lone Echo and Calaveras Chronicle please
copy.]
BORN.
BACHELDER— At Jackson, Cal., January 10,
1900, to Mr. and" Mrs. J. E. Bachelder, a
daughter. • '
NEW TODAY.
Assessment Notice!
Jackson Gold Mining and Milling Company.—
Location of principal place of business,
Jackson. California. — Location of Works,
Jackson Mining District, Amador County:
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
a meeting of the Board of Directors, held
on the sth day of December, 1899. Un assessment
(No. 3) of one-thirtieth of one cent per share
was levied upon the capital stock of the cor
poration, payable immediately in United State;
gold coin, to the secretary, at the office of the
company, Ledger otllce, Jackson, California.
Any stock upon which the assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 6th day of January, 19UU.
will be delinquent, and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment is made be-
fore, will be sold on Saturday, the :!7th day of
January, 19011, at 4 p. in., to pay the delinquent
assessment, together with costs of advertising
and expenses of sale.
By order of the Board of Directors. .'
WILL A. NEWCUM, Secretary.
Office: Weil & Renno Building, Jackson Cal.
December 5, 1899. . 13-8-13-31
At a meeting of the Board of Directors of the
Jackson Gold Mining and Milling Company,
held Ton Saturday, January 6th, I'JOO, tho date
of delinquency of Assessment No. 3 was post-
poned to Saturday, February 3, l'.K»i. and the
day of sale to Saturday, February i\, 19U).
WILL. A. NEWCUM, Secretary.
Dated Jackson, January ti, ism. 1-12—1-26
MISCELLANEOUS.
•••••••e*a
• nTT- •
• yM •
••••••••• •••••••••
1 1 HE HIE I
••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
«^»
JACKSON, CAL.
Basement* of the Webb Building
. .
Everything New,- Neat and
pipnri
MEALS SERVED AT ALL HOURS
THE BEST
THE MARKET
AFFORDS
ALWAYS
ON HAND
Guests treated with consideration and re-
spect at all times.
Best Liquors and Cigars at the Bar
HAMBRIC * CARLEV.
PROGRESS OF CALIFORNIA
Rapidly Priding to the Front
URKED INCREASE IN AMOUNT OF EXPORTS
Bank Clearings for 1889 Exceeded
Those of 1898 by More Than
$140,000,000.
Ihe San Francisco "Chronicle's" an
nual review of finance, commerce, min
ing, agriculture and manufacturing
shows a remarkable gain in all direc
tions, with every evidence that the
present prosperity will not "only con
tinue but increase.
The bank clearings of San Francisco
this year exceeded those of 1898 by
over $140,000,000 and the balances by
over $16,000,000. In the fou'ri months
ending November 30th the city's bank
resources increased $8,000,000, and the
deposit increased $6,300,000. , Over
$10,000,000 in dividends were distrib
uted.to shareholders ' of corporations
listed on the Stock Exchange. ;:
The port of San Francisco exported
$37,000,000 worth of merchandise, ex
clusive of army and navy business, a
gain of $3,000,000 over last year?. The
imports were $44,000,000, a gain of
$7,000,000. The customs receipts show
a gain of over $1,200,000. The inter
nal revenue receipts were $3,66-5,000, a
gain of $900,000. . San Francisco's
trade with Hawaii increased at a re
markable rate; the total gain over 1898
being nearly $5,000,000. The imports
were $11,394,000 and the exports $7,
798;O0O. The port did 85 -per, cent of
the country's ■ export business to Ha
waii, and 58 per cent, of the import
business. . Exports of grain to Europe
fell off almost $2,400,000 on account of
tbe short crops, but exports to Eu
rope, especially canned goods, in
creased, making a total increase over
1898. Exports to Japan decreased $1,
100,000, and imports: increased $8,100,
000 during 1899. Exports to China in
creased $140,000 : and Imports' $£864,-
900. Exports to Central America,
Mexico and South America decreased,
and those to Asiatic Russia atid Brit
ish Columbia increased at a.remark- '
able rate during the year.
The wheat crop of California during
1899 is estimated by the "Chronicle" at
30,833,333 bushels valued at $19,435,000.
The barley crop reached 20,782,608
bushels, beet sugar 21,250 tons, hops
8,325,000 pouDds, wool 29,500,000
pounds, honey 75 carloads, deciduous
fruits 6,869 carloads, raisins 66,000,090
pounds, prunes 96,500,000 p0und5, dried
fruits 29,150,000 pounds, nuts 450 car
loads, dry wines 10,500,000 gallons,
sweet wines 5,000,000 gallons, brandy
575,000 gallons, canned fruit 2,900,000
cases.
The total coinage of the San Fran
cisco mint for the twelve months end
ing December Ist, was $63,254,886, the
largest amount ever coined there.
Lumber, shipments from California
counties were greater than ever be
fore, reaching 200,869,267 feet, as
against 170,994.000 feet for 1898.
The mineral output was quite satis
factory, though the production is not
fully under way, and will greatly in
crease the gold output. Copper pro
duction greatly increased, reaching
21,000,000 pounds. A single copper
company paid dividends of $650,000.
The extension of railroads, comple
tion of several important irrigation
systems, increased acreage of fruits
and resumption of copper mining were
among the progressive steps taken
during 1899. j • ■;
Killed Instantly.
Richard Roberts was instantly killed
last Saturday .: while coming up on the
skip at the Keystone mine at noon. He
was standing on the bale and his
clothes caught on the timbers in such a
way that his body was pulled down over
the edge of the skip, the upper part
being held by the^ timbers while the
lower part was over the edge of the
skip. As the upward motion con
tinued he was practically cut in two,
death resulting instantaneously. The
funeral took place Sunday afternoon
from the'M. E. Church, Sunder the
auspices of the Ancient Order of For
esters. /The deceased leaves a widow
and three children. S, ?» ■';
Committed Suicide.
A young man named Charles Sira
cich, aged about twenty-five years,
committed suicide this morning by ty
ing an awning rope arounn his neck
and to the limb of a tree on the Zeila
property. He had . his arm broken
about two weeks ago and became de
mented last night, and wandered
around town until nearly daylight.
While iv the Louvre Restaurant, a
few hours before the deed was com- j
mitted, he said he would go put and
commit suicide. The Louvre peopie
treated the matter as a joke and s
thought no more about it until his
body was found. He was a native ol
Austria.
School Money.
- The State Superintendent of Public
Instruction has made his January
apportionment of school money for
Amador county. The county school
apportionment was made last Decem
ber.
The present State school apportion
ment for January amounts t0519, 775. 36;
the present County school apportion
ment for December amounts to $9715.34;
making a total of $29,490.70; the State
school apportionment for January, 1899,
was $17,334.24; the County apportion
ment for December, 1898, was $9236.55:
increase of school money over the ap
portionments of a year ago, $29194)1. .
Uncalled-for Letters.
Letters remaining unclaimed in the
Jackson, Cal., Postofliee, for the week I
ending January 12, 1900: ■ '; ; . \;" !.
Cervantes . Miss H" Pucci, Yoeopo
ttonuti. Miss Giovanni Smith, James -'■. ;
Cochtlla, Antonio McKnlght. WF ■ ■
Collins & Phillips Rumirc, Varoll
Lampshire. H ' Smith, RII
Olsen, J , Yung, Low ' .
G. C. Folger, Postmaster.
Blaze at New York Hanch.
Monday night a fire was discovered
in the house of E. E. Hamrick,
known as the old New York ranch toll
house. It caught lire from the fire
place in the room at the back thereof,
and was extinguished by one bucket of
water without serious damage.
Happy Is the cook who uses Pioneer Flour;
it's best. • - • £MISCELLANEOUS ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»»♦•» ♦♦♦•♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦
S X This can be truthfully said {; '{;
♦ TUT "' of any of the clothes made {; TITP J:
I lilt * at ° ur sh °p- The cutti °g ♦ ltlJi < ;
\\ 3 T is done by an experienced \\ \\.
',', ',', cutter; we use the best but- J \-\ ',',
* OTTTT ! I- tons and thread and give j; T7TT !i
'' ulJli '• P ersoua^ supervision to all J ; ill <
I ; . . ! ; work. Our stock of suit- '', ! ;
!! o ings for spring and summer J! ! ','
'< WJH T T 3 ! is about the nobbiest ever 1 117 T T T J |
I WILL -eenW. j WILL f
11 I » )l_4i
rrr i ••••••••^•••••••» ! olTrr |
■j 111 1 " < \ 1 1 1 < >
!|, !| VVe cannot afford to give ;; ',',
',', ',', you shoddy cloth or slip- J | J |
;; \\j\j I! to stay and cannot live on ] I \\j\j '•'>
'.', I! one-time custom. !I ',',
' '»♦♦♦♦♦♦»»♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦»
MAX LADA-R, THE TAILOR
u'~-;:u '~- ; : MAIN STREET. JACKSON. CAL.
♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦♦♦»♦»»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
■';:'■; .#.-.■
9 •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
5? 2 Jie Mcehan Property will be
- 5 X subdivided into building lots and
® S sold for CASH OR INSTALLMENTS.
»»MM>»MQ«tftft • Wi>l be laid out in 1)locks - w | tn
. J 50-foot streets and 25-foot alley-
I II • ways. Each lot can be reached
0 B^B B R,# O • at 'ront or rear by vvagon. One
\J mb. S ma in street from Volcano road
♦»♦♦♦♦ J * west of Calvin's house; one east
@ 2 of Meehan's house; and one west
0 J of Keeney's property, to reach the
0 S property .;.V . r gifg .
♦♦♦♦♦»♦»»♦♦♦♦»♦♦•♦
SH ¥W^ v For further particulars apply to
A I r NEIL 1 MACOUARRIE
Spagnoli Uuildins. Summit Street
♦♦♦•»♦»♦♦♦♦»♦»♦♦♦♦
PLYMOUTH-JACKSON a. liebharbt
DAILY STAGE LINE! UPHOLSTERER 1)1 WDUIS
Leaves Plymouth 6 :30 a. m. Water Street, Jackson
Leaves Jachson 3:3U p. m. j -pp A RLOR SUITS LOUNGES AND MAT-
• i-i7.ti r» > m. XT tresses matle to order and repaired.' Car-
JOHN STEINER, - Proprietor put» taiteu up and reiaid.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••o*«*«
• . . .;.| -. . #
•^♦^^♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦^^♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦*
•■, ■ •
I Stationery and Novelties I
• - . •
|| FREEMAN'S VARIETY STORE j
■ ■ ? ' ■
•:--■'.■ :N: N j .. •
• ' •■ ' • -^' ■ •
\ E. GINOCCIIIO & BROTHER ||
• '• ' Wholesale and Retail Dealers in • .
General Merchandise « • <> * *
• Water Street, Fool of Uroadivay, Jackson •
S A\r E TAKE PLEASURE IN INITOUMING OUR PA- S
m \\ trons and the public generally that we have on hand a c
Z very choice selected stock of DRY GOODS of all kinds, GRO- i
Z CERIKS AND PROVISIONS, CLOTHING. BOOTS AND Z
J SHOES. Wo particularly direct the attention of the public J
1 to the fact that we keep on hand the largest assortment of J
Z IRON AND STEEL to be found in Amador county. Also a Z
T superior assortment of all kinds of HARDWARE, such as Z
Z Carriage HoWs. Screws, Nuts, Nails, and, in fact, everything j
2 the market demands. We are sole agents for the celebrated i
S HURCULES POWDER, of which which we shall constantly S
0 keep on hand a large supply. . J
INSIST k Jnoniy^ AaAI a
UPON 'Jll iii
HAVING »^ c^^r^?| T^^s!)lb m
IADRtAIKi ' JsWs£3r mR sale by w|\j r Mt
UK lAN 11^ LEADING DEALERS^S^^^ m
" AaAi
DON'T BE A lfll " ,gn
And tako some othor kind because a little
cheaper. , Best is always cheapest in the end, and the Jordan "AaAI " Cutlery
is "It." For sale by the leadinfrdealers every whore.
| THE. NEW. 1 -
NATIONAL HOTEL ••"- "
fejK*—-^ • Foot of Main Street -
• JACKSON, CAL.
o o o o o o FIRST-CLMSS ACCOMMODATIONS FOR TRAVELERS AT REASONABLE PRICES
' . k Sample Room for Commercial Travelers
— "*^*~^ Rooms Newly Furnished Throughout A
■ Table Supplied With the Best in the Market "^J**
I BAR Supplied With the Finest Brands or I
y Wines Liquors and Cigars
!F\ j&~- VOOEHBIS, Proprietor
THE AMADOU T.EDftETt; JACKSON. CALTFOByiA. FRIDAY. JANUARY 12. 1900.
WEALTH OF POPE LEO XIII
Unlike Pius IX He Possesses
.. : a Frugal Mind. .
ENOUGH VALUABLE PRESENTS 10 FILL A MUSEUM
Has Amassed $20,000,000, the Most
of Which Is in the Sank
•ri of England.
Perhaps it is hardly reverent to
mention the Pope in the samo breath
as Mrs. John Gilpin, but in one point
he strongly resember her. Like her,
ho possesses "a frugal mind."
His predecessor, Pope Pius IX, was
as open handed a man as one would
imagine him to bo from the very sight
of tha pleasant, smiling face, so familiar
to all from his portraits. Ho loved to
make people happy, and therefore,
though ho received an immense num
ber of valuable presents, he generally
found that somebody needed them far
more than he needed them himself.
If a priest came to him and told him
that his altar needed decoration, Pope
Pius would make him a picture for it,
or if a charity needed funds, and a ba
zar was held with that object, the
Pope would contribute a beautiful
jeweled cross or some other valuable to
be raffled for. .
But the "frugal mind" of Pope Leo
XIII does not prompt him to act in
this way,, and consequently he has
amassed enough valuable presents to
fill a museum, and his jewels are farc
ous for their worth and beauty. Ho
is the owner of tbe largest diamond in
the world, and this, oddly enough,
was given to him by that stanch Pro
testant, President Kruger. It is val
ued at $4,000,000.
Among the ' Popo's treasures are
thirty tiaras set in diamonds, emer
alds, rubies and pearls, and one of gold,
thickly studded with diamonds and
topazes which shoot out rays of white
and orange light. Then ho has 100
rings, one of tjie most magnificent be
ing a present from the Suhan. This
ring contains a ■ marvelously beautiful
bluo diamond and is valued at $100,000.
Of gold crosses the Pope has no lebs
than 318, set with all kinds of precious
stones. Besides 1200 chalices and UOO
ostensoril for the exposition of the
host, he possesses eighteen pastoral
staves, all these things being of richly
chased silver or of gold and adorned
with diamonds, emeralds, rubies of
other precious stones.
The Pope also possesses a number of
statues of gold and silver, those repre
senting tho Blessed Virgin having
crowns of tho richest jewels. Besides
all these jewels there are a thousand
other valuables — statues, pictures,
porcelain, etc.
The Pope is said to have amassed
$20,000,000, the greater part of which
is in the Bank of England and tho rest
in various state banks. He is consid
ered by .Romans to bo an excellent fi
nancier and an accomplished diplomat.
Not only has ho entirely freed tho Holy
See from debt; but every year there is
a good surplus.
Is a Good Thing.
Muddy complexions, nauseating breath come
from chronic constipation. Karl's Clover Root
Tea is an absolute cure and has bcon sold for
fifty years on an absolute guarantee. Price 25c
and 50c. For sale by A. Goldner. Druggist. *
They Had Agreed.
Clerk of the Court — Gentlemen of
the jury, have you agreed upon a vor
d ict?
Foreman — We have.
Clerk— What nay you? Do you find
the prisoner guilty or not guilty?
Foreman — We do.
Clerk — You do! Do what?
Foreman —Wo find the prisoner
guilty or not guilty.
Clerk — But, gentlemen, you must ex
plain your meaning.
Foreman — Certainly; you see, six of
us linil him not guilty, and six of us
find him guilly. and we have agreed to
let it stand ill that.
J I. Bevry. Losantou, Pa., writes, "I am will
ing to take my oath that I was cured of pneu
monia entirely by tbo use of One Minute Cough
Cure after doctors failed. It also cured my
children of whooping cough." Quickly relieves
and cures coughs, colds, croup, grip and throat
and lung troubles Children all like it. Moth
ers endorse it. City Pharmacy *
Reservation.
"While It is true," replied tho Pale
Face," "that I made a compact with
you, it was with a mental reservation."
Hero the untortured Red Man mani
fested bewilderment.
'•Is that tho next reservation I shall
bo compelled to live on?" ho asked,
anxiously, his quavering voice betok
ening tho depth of his emotion.
Ah, such is destiny, to say nothing
of tho growing scarcity of pine timber.
— Detrcit Journal.
F. B Thirkield, Health Inspector of Chicago,
says: "Kodol Dysyepsia' Cure cannot be rec
commended too highly. It cured me of severe
dyspepsia." It cured mo of severe dyspepsia."
It digests what you eat and cure indigestion,
heartburn and all forms of dyspepsia. City
Pharmacy. *
A Bunch of Trouble.
Old Utility — McTie's stage career
was an utter failure.
Miss Footlights — Didn't he score a
hit?
Old Utility— Yes, on tho night bo
foro his company disbanded the gallery
gods completely buried him in eggs.
But that was only a part of his trouble.
Tho grocer around the corner claimed
that tho missies had been stolen from
him and ho had McTie arrested for re
ceiving stolen property.
Where It Failed.
"All, yes," they sighed, "love will
find a way. "
But they loarned. that It wouldn't
when they reached tho station three
minutes before train timo and dis
covered that ho had loft his tickets and
money in his othor clothes.
Wheat in Oklahoma.
Oklahoma enjoys the unique distinc
tion of being the only State or Terri
tory east of tho Rocky mountains
which produced more wheat in 1899
than in 1808. Tho Govcrnmont statis
stician at Washington gives Oklahoma
credit for 1,218.000 acres sown with
winter wheat and a crop of 16,202.000
bushels. Only twelve of - tho forty-six
Slates of the Union raised moro wheat
than Oklahama did this year. Tho
prominent grain States which l.prb
ducod less than Oklahama are Missouri,
Illinois, Michigan, ; Kentucky, Tennes
see, Maryland and Texas.
Size doesn't indicate quality. Beware of
counterfeits and worthless salve offered for De
Witt's Witch Hazel Salve.' De Witt's iH the
only original. An infallible cure for piles and
all skin diseases. City Pharmacy. *
Ah! So It Is.
"Where is tho pain?" asked the phy
sician. • '
"Oh, I don't know, doctor!" groaned
tho patient. "It hurts so I can't tell
where it is."
"Just so," said the doctor, proceed
ing to fill a small vial from a larger
one. "It's a wiseacre who knows where
he aches. "
Lewis Dennis, Salem, Ind., says: - "Kodol
Dyspepsia Cure did me more good than any
thing I over took." It digests what you eat
caunot help but cure dyspapsia and stomach
troubles. City Pharmacy. •
Uncalled-for Letters.
Letters remaining unclaimed in the
Jackson, Cal., Postolfice, for the week
ending January 5, 1900:
Cervantes. Horjenica Dierer, William
Jioaani. Pas Morgan, Mrs. Charlotte
Olsen. J. Phillips & Collins
Smith, Mrs. Kate »
G. C. Folger, Postmaster.
Important to Know This.
"You advertised for an experienced
office boy, sir."
' "Well, are you that kind of a boy?"
"Yes, sir." „
"Do you mean you are experienced
at work or experienced in getting out
of it:"
An Absurd Question.
Tippie — Had you known your hus
band very long when you married
him?
Sibyl — What a foolish question! Do
you think I'd have married i him if I
had?
The Family Entrance.
"Ah." the poot sighed, "we have
no longer tho waysido inn " '
His friend interrupted him.' "But
the side way amounts to .tde same
thing," he said. * | §Sj
Among the Breakers.
Long— Family troubles, eh? What
rock did your domestic ship split on?
Short— lt was thoabsenco of "rocks"
that causod the split.
MISCELLANEOUS. \ %
A Grocer Says
"I gness everybody in Bellevue, Ohio,
knows O. B. Callaghan, the grocer. I an)
in his em ~
ploy, and . I ' ■
am about us | I y | i tl c
grocery is a| II cJ^^/KTrn i
you have |f, V |_ \pifHfl A
cold gusts /w!JI I L\ I L-1-' *
there is a — . i. *
good deal of _ II
running r==nl 1
about out- ". I If
f-doors too. Anyhow, I II IUSS
catch cold very often, but -sss^L-sS* 5
the minute I begin to sneeze -^ {«
I reach up on the shelf and . __^-
take a dose of Acker's Eng- — ""^J
lish Remedy. I tell yon it
is wonderful how quickly it stops a congh or
cold. I have used it myself, and in my fam-
ily for a number of years. It works like, a
charm. I suppose some of the folks would
have run into consumption before this if I
had neglected to keep a bottle ready all the
time for immediate use. I wouldn't think
of using anything else for throat and lung
troubles. I know what Acker's Remedy
actually does, so what sense is there in ex-
perimenting? Certainty is better than
chance." (Signed) John Hoff. .
Sold at 25c., 50c. and $1 a bottle, through-
out the United States and Canada: and in
England, at Is. 2d., 2s. 3d., 4s. 6d. If you
are not satisfied after buying, return the
bottle to your druggist, and get your money
back.
We authorize the above guarantee.
W. H. BOOKER & CO., Proprieton, Ken York.
Sold by Alfred Goldner
• We live but onee —
Why not live well and enjoy life?
HALL, LUHRS & COB
Wholesale Grocers and
Provision Dealers
Sacramento, Cal.
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, Jackson
Dealer in
WATCHES, CLOCKS mm
AND SILVERWARE
r
«3- All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watches, Clocks and jewelry a
specfalty.
: ; <KTri/> .*-";;;*lt ■:,:-- - .-■- . _ \ipr,:U;*- j; \. .-."
M . H - \|^ M ■ m Ik/ tkaaaaW
g^\ W Hfl fvi W""'
1^ I /■/■ I 11 L
l3li wli LL
VA/nDHQ
mm yy.lf K'|7lJ
Not so many of them, but just words enough to tell you how you can
extend your business in Amador county in -the manner most satisfac-
tory and cheapest to yourself. The way to do it is to
Advertise Now
Advertise Judiciously
Adyentise Extensively
Adventise All the Time
Advertise in the Amador Ledger
Because it reaches more of the people and has more readers than any
newspaper circulating in the county, and it, therefore, gives
c* ii t1 rr /1 r* t f\ r\\ i
IX I I 1m JLB I Ifl■ I ■ v . .■■••'*
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
• ■ - „■.•.. On ■■■ :-■ •
• • -
: lOR •
♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦»•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦• wr Vef tbJr •♦♦»»»»»»»»♦>•♦>♦♦♦♦••»
Right Rates . . . .5 ' , SWorkmanlike Work
♦♦♦♦♦»♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦• y«v f^ vat rv^ w » I /r* ***********************
: J^hll^ I . ; In! IT i
• *'■'
s :
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
■ ■
Hii ill i iniatill
AffIADOR ' FnflFD
ttm firlfnti Cal.
MISCELLANEOUS. ||
LONDON i
J. H. HEITMAN |
FINE T§ORINGJ
Price List as Follows: II
LONDON WEST OF ENGLAND C&
BROADCLOTH SUIT .140 mH
LONDON CLAY WORSTED, in Blue fl
and Black — ..-..:...-. ... 40 Oofl
NEW ENGLAND WASHINGTON H
MILLS CLuVY WORSTED, bluo- Q
black .$3O to 35 00
GERMAN CREPE DRESS WORSTED 35 00
FRENCH BLACK PIQUE $25 to 35 00
LONDON BLACK DOESKIN SUIT.... 35 00
WASHINGTON MILLS GRAY WORS-
TED SUIT, to order $3(1 to 35 IX)
FINE ASSORTMENT IN TWEED
SUITING $15 to 4000
LATEST STYLE OF ENGLISH AND
AMERICAN TROUSERING.... ti to 13 00
600 J Street, Corner Sixth, SACRAMENTO
A $4.00 BOOK FOR Tscts.
The Farinsrs' Encyclopedia. I
Wy^Vi^^ tJ'^.{BliSs*^^t J '^.{B liS5*^^ trated, bound In
* grten cloth bind-
' , inp[ find €Kiii&l to
other books coating
$4.00. If yon desire this book Bend us our spedu
offer price, $0.75, and 10.20 extra for postage and
we will forward the book to you. If it is not satis-
factory return it and we will exchange it or refund
tout money. Send for our special illustrated cata-
logue, quoting the lowest prices on books, FREE.
We can save you money. Address all orders to
THE WERNER COMPANY," - ;
Tnbliihm and Kuofkctimn. Akron, Ohio.
■ [The Warner Company is thoroughly reliable] — Editor. -
ffi vfait DR. JOHDAH'S o~«t
fflgMuseisjfi ci Anatomy
I ICSI UABKI ST. let. 6U 4 7'Jt, S. T. CiL
I AjLrX Tho Larcestoritalini inthe World. ~~
YWY W ll^*f '.'.imp ariJ learn h..w nomk-rlullr yog »re mads
PAn laDd bow to avuid aickuMU au'l dis^aie. lfyoa
\tt I 3utt>r from any or lbs Ills or i-vn. curoe to tat
§1 SiKCiaUst oa the Pacific Coast, , v . - .
DB.JOBnAV-rItITATE niSKASE*
CunsultatDn tn .: aifl <l"etU ftrivnt' Tr^aiment pptdob-
ally or by l.inr. s TPIIIIK thorKOchl; eradlcaud
from tbe IrMem iHthoqt osinT Slrrrnrj, - ...
EVERT Hl\ ari'it'"! to aa «11l nodn ear
honest opinion of Ilia enmi>!aint. ' > — I\.Vti
Be mU nu*r,int.-e a lIISITIVK rr RE In any cm
we undertake, or tnrfrit f kn«> ih»,«sn»«l Itnllara.
TTrlte for Book— l'hi l«««phv of narriuge,
■ hud mti t.\ valuable bnofc ftirtnn.)
DR. JOKU.t N A C 0.,1051 UarketSL 8. F.
TO THE UNFORTUNATE
j^B^j^^^^^^^^ themost successful spe-
HCT[ I %'i -^M(»%f costillcoutiuues tocure
Kf» iaJMl '^'liitTf 111 al .' Soxua' and Seminal
f~Vyto~L^yj;,l vu ' seases > sum as Ghon-
Syphilis in ailits forms'
* ; ?^w/ ll : iS3]r'«rvjK3 Skin Diseases, Nervous
yehility. Impotency,
s^®^^^^*^ 1 *' Loss "of Manhood!' the
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptoms : Sallow counte-
nance, dark spots under tho eyes, pain in the
head, ringing in the ears, loss of confidence,
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitation
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and back,
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs,
consumption, etc.
DR. GIUIION has practiced in San Francisco
over 37 years, and those troubled should not
fail to consult him and receive rtie benefit of
his great skill and experience. The doctor
cures when others fail. Try him. Cures guar>
anteed. Persons cured at home. Charges reas-
onable. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. Gibbon, 635 Kearney street,- San
Francisco, Cal.
*SHS Hr Trade Marks
rfulMlllT^ Designs
r rFYT*^ Copyrights Ac.,-
Anyone sending a sketch and description may - •
qnlckly ascertain our opinion free whether an ■
Invention is probably patent tihle. Communica-
tions strictly contidontial. Handbook on Patent* •
tent free. Oldest asency for secnrinn patent*.
Patents taken through Munn * Co. receive
tptclal notice, without charge. In tha
Scientific Jlttiericam
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest cir-
culation of any scientific Journal. Terms, $3 a
year; four months, *L Sold by all newsdealers. ■■.
taN&Co^iß-uw.,, New York
Branch Office. BSFBU Washington. D. C.
JACKSON
Meat Market
Main Street
GEORGE U. THOMAS, Proprietor
(Successor to S. \V. Bright)
THE BEST QUALITY OF BEEF, HUT-
ton. Pork, Corned Beef, Lard, Sausage,
etc., etc., will always be found at this oldes-
tablished stand, at tbe lowest ruling prices.
Having been in the butchering business in
Jackson for many years, and being familiar
with every branch thereof and with nearly all
the patrons of both shops, I am in position to
know the wants of all to the best advantage, and
respectfully ask a lair share of patronage.
GEORGE L. THOMAS Prop.
L. OETTIHGER S. K. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO. :J§£
Foundry l Machine ■ Shop ',-
sutler Creek, Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description'
of mlutng and milling machinery made at the *
shortest notice. Wo desiro to cull the attention
of blacksmiths and pther workers in iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large .
and complete stock of bar, retlned and Norway
iron, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc., which we will ■
aell at the LOWEST CASH PRICES.
♦LIBERTY II SALOON*
Sanguinctti Building
Main Street Jackson
L. PERLANDA, : : : Proprietor
Best of Wines, Liquors and Cigars
Almays on hand.
Lime for Sale |
I AM PRF.PARED TO SUPPLY THF. BEST j
quality of lime in any quantity that may be
desired at (15 per ton delivered.
A. J. BONHAM,
lone Poatofflct