Established November i, 1855.
MADE HIS OWN SEPULCHER
Raggio Brothers and Their
Stage Lines.
1 FATAL AOGIDERT AT THE MWHIDE MINE
A Young Press Correspondent .Who
Was In the Jameson Raid.—
Found Dead.
CALAVERAS COUNTY.
Citizen. San Andreas. April 21. I.mi.
Allen Taylor, a pioneer of Calaveras
county, and a wideljr known marblncut
ter, who was in i business* in : Angels
Camp for many years, died at his home
in that city on Thursday last. He was
laid to rest in tho Altavillo cemetery
on Sunday last, the interment being in
many respects a.uniquo one. Taylor
was somewhat eccentric later in his
life, and years ago constructed his own
tomb, and arranged with his friend,
John Carl^y, the undertaker, for tho
disposition of bis body.
Taylor dug his own grave, in one of
the most beautiful sectious of the ceme
tery, under a wide spreading oak tree.
This grave is lined with marble, so
constructed that bis body would just
fit it snugly, when wrapped in a simple
shroud or blanket. Ho made sure,
however, that no casket or box could
be used, as he wished to be buried
without the use of a coffin. This solid
ly constructed sepulchre was provided
with a marble slab for a cover, thus
sealing the tomb.
Taylor was carried to bis final resting
place with pioneer friends on Sunday
and his remains were laid to rest in ac
cordance with his wishes, under direc
tion of his old friend Carley. Tho good
old man, who had lost all interest in
life through bitter family disappoint
ments, is now at rest in his self-con
structed marble tomb, practically free
from decay and corruption.
Raggio Bros., who began the stage
business in this county eighteen years
ago, on the Sheepranch line, which
John Raggio, tbe present manasrer of
all their lines, then drove in person"
now daily cover 230 miles of road in the
Southern mines with their stages.
They have six lines, as follows: From
Valley Spring to Angels Camp, by way
of San Andreas; Milton to Murphys,
by way of Angels Camp; San Andreas
to Jackson; Valley Springs to Jackson,
" by way of Gwin mine; Jackson to lone;
Sutter Creek to lone. The \ total
length of these lines one way is 115
miles. To operate these lines _ ten
coaches are in daily use and in; busy
seasons often half as many more. In
the barns of the company more, than
thirty wagons arc stored lo f meet
emergencies, seventy head of horses
are in the stabUw, taken care of by five
hostlers and ten drivers who are con
stantly employed. UeVules tho passen
ger business, the stages carry, the
mails under contract and Wells-Fargo
Express Com pauy matter, including all
the bullion that goes out of this section
and tbe coin that is brought in to pay
the miners and to restore the equili
brium in the supply of money for trade
purposes. The Raggio Bros, have es
tablished a large. and lucrative business
In the eighteen years of their-manage
ment of these lines and with. uniform
satisfaction to the people, the postal
department and the express company!
Prospect, San Andreas, April 31, MM.
The examination ofG. P. Farns worth
for tho shooting of Domingo Biazoli at
Campo Seco, week before last took
place before Justice of the Peace A. J;
Stuli, at Campo Seco, last Monday.
Tho people were' represented by Dis
trict Attorney W. A. Dower, and the
defendant by F. J. Solinsky. The
main facts of tho shooting were told in
the Prospect of last week. The charge
against Farns worth was assault to com
mit- murder. Considerable testimony
was taken on behalf of the people, the
defense not putting any witnesses on
the stand. Judge Stull held the de
fendent in $1000 bail, to appear before
the Superior Court. Bail was readily
obtained and Farnsworth allowed to
go about his business till wanted.
Echo, Angola Camp, April 19, 1000.
The man Boyd, who startled the
guests at tho Central Park hotel a few
weeks ago by his close range pistol
practice, was arrested in San Andreas
and continuing in his strange actions,
was supposed to be insane. According
ly Drs. McLaughlin and Blaisdell with
Judge Gottschalk sitting as an insanity
commission committed him to the
Stockton asylum.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
' New Era, Carters, April 20, 1900.
An accident occurred at the 1700
level of the Rawhide mine Tuesday
.afternoon, in which a miner named
Frank Aggaze was almost instantly
killed by a boulder, weighing several
hundred pounds, falling upon him from
the roof of the tunnel and breaking his
back, and another, August Lussiet,
was severely injured by smaller rocks
caving upon him. Several shots had a
'few minutes before been fired and it
was shortly after the men returned to
their work that the accident happen
ed. Immediately a- messenger was
sent to announce the unfortunate
event to Mrs. Aggaze whose home is in
Jamestown, but she arrived too late to
again see her husband alive. The de
ceased was buried in - the Jamestown
Catholic cemetery yesterday in the
forenoon.
Democratic Banner, Sonora, April JO, 1900.
* Tuesday Henry Gardiner and wife.
The Amador Ledger.
went to Angels Camp, being summon
ed because of the dangerous condition
of Patrick Kelly, a brother to Mrs.
Gardner. Tho injured roan has been
unconscious and. delirious for tho past
eight, days. In his delirium ho ravee,
sings mid tears everything within
reach. On Wednesday Dr. R. I.
Bromley and othor physicians held a
consultation. They hold out no hope
for tbe aHicted man.
EL DORADO COUNTY.
Republican. Placsrville, April s», ISMI.
% Among recent arrivals in Placvrvtfe
N Mr. Cotton Clayton, a > younjj press
correspondent who has soon much of
the world and a fmv of its hardships.
He has" been in China, India, South
Africa and the Philippines as well as
many portions of this country and of
Europe. - In South Africa' he was mix
ed up in ' tbe Jameson raid and the
Hoe i-« ii him their compliments in
tho gtrape of two-or three bullets. Mr.
Clayton is a bright, active young man
and a member of the San Francisco
Press Club talks of remaining here
permanently.
While John Gray was travelling over
the trail between Fair Play and Slug
Gulch Tuesday"; evening he found tho
dead body of John McGrath lying in
or mar the [ trail about half way be
iwff-n the two places. McGrath had
been in Fair Play Sunday and started
to return to his home at Slug Gulch
early Monday morning. He had been
feeble for a loiig timo but had recently
\i—.n better and thought he could walk
home if he started early in tbe morn
ing.' He had been tumbled with heart
disease - and it is supposed that the
exertion of walking up the long hill be
t«'<3ejr'the* two : places brought on a
otisis. There was nothing to indicate
any foul play.
McGrath was nearly eighty years of
ajfe according "to the estimate of his
friend, J. A. Murray, who came to
Flacei'ville Tuesday night to notify the
Coroner and arrange for the funeral.
Mr. Murray knew him at his birth
place in Ireland when they were boys.
Ho was a miner and sold to N. P. Hail
a part of the ground that lin now owus
at Slug- Gulch. He was never married
and leaves no relatives in this country
so far as known.
James Rigsby, one of the employees
at the Larkin mine, had a severe fall
last- Sunday forenoon. He was at work
in the shaft between the five and six
hundred foot levels and fell a few feet,
knocking the breath out of him so that
ho was taken out unconscious. When
restored lie had no remembrance of
how he fell. He has no permanent in
3 - Mr.' -and Mrs. H. J. Schueler enter
tained the ladies of the Shakespeare
Club and Chautauqua Circle and their
husbands and a number of others at
their home on Nob Hill last Friday
eVeiiiug in honor of Mrs. W. H. P. Mc-
Donald. TIM game of Shakespeare
Quotations was. played by the guests
and enjoyed by all. The prize for oren
tlemen was won jointly by Prof. Wil
ton and John -Alderson, there being a
tie. Miss Schlaier won the ladles'
prize — "Shakespeare's Heroines."
The consolidation prizes woro won by
Ruv. George R. Bird and Mrs. S. L.
Turner. . Dainty refreshments were
served and at the close of the evening
Mrs. Schueler in a neat speech in bo
half of the Shakespeare Club present
ed Mrs. McDonald with a set of Shake-
Biwaro's plays as a testimonial of ap
preciation from the club of Mrs. Mc-
Donald's association and work in it
since its organization.
Young Mothers.
Croup is the terror of thousands of young
mothers, because its outbreak is so agonizing
and frequently fatal. . Sbiloh's Cough and Con
sumption' Cure acts like magic in cases of
Croup. It has never been known to fail. The
worst cases relieved immediately. Price, 35c,
SOoand tl. For sale by A. Goldner, the Druggist*
The Exhibit In Paris.
The exhibit- of tho Division of For
estry for the Paris Exposition is now
complete in Paris. It will be one of
the most novel of the Government ex
hibits and will be wholly distinct from
the commercial features of lumbering
to be shown in another department.
The display will bo in the form of a
hall or pagoda, the walls of which con
sist of largo transparencies illustrating
American forest ' conditions. These
walls will be double and illuminated by
interior electric lights. The pictures
range in size from three by five feet to
four by six feet. . There will be two
transparencies six by ten feet, por
traying groves of Rod Fir and Califor
nia Big trees, two of the most impress
j ive American trees.
A point will be made of the relation
of forestry to agriculture, and such sub
jects as protective forests, the use of
trees in . preserving water supply, the
management .of .woodlands, etc., are
fully illustrated. The extent of the
timber resources -of the United States
will be shown by pictures from all im
portant lumber regions. The distribu
tion of forests will be showu by maps.
Twenty of the most important Ameri
can woods will be represented by sec
tions of trees.
What Is ShilohT
A grand old Remedy for Coughs, Colds and
Consumption; used through the world for half
a century, has cured innumerable cases of in
cipient consumption and relieved many in ad
vanced stages. If you are not satisfied with
the results we will refund your money. Price,
25c. 50c and $1. For sale by A. Qoldner the
Druggist, •
M. E. Church Services.
Preaching every Sunday at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Sunday school, 2p. m. ; Epworth League,
8:45 p. m. Prayer meeting every Thursday,
7:30. F. A. Morrow, pastor. t
Bemember That
You can always get good, fresh ash the whole
year round at A. B. Caminetti's Central Mar
ket Main street, JacUsan. s-*-'B9
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY. CAJLLFOIi^IA, FItIDAY, APRIL 27. 1900.
A COUNTRY NEWSPAPER MAN.
A Decided Difference Between a Country
and Metropolitan Editor.
Congressman Land's, writing 'in
"Success," says a good many truthful
things and made many a clever hit;
But in nothing in ho nearer the bull's
eye than when considering some phases
of newspaper life and work he pays:
"Money can make a metropolitan
newspaper man in an hour. Give a
country «.-ditor money and he will make
a metropolitan newspaper- successful,
while not one metropolitan newspaper
man In a thousand could make a coun
try newspaper succeed. Why? Be
cause the metropolitan newspaper man
is not adaptable to circumstances. .It
would not surprise a country news
paper man were he in a single day to
be called on to suggest two or three
subjects for high school commence
ment essays, asked to write an
obituary for a leading citizen, request
ed to advise a farmer on the matter of
a lawsuit, implored to tender his good
offices in settling a dispute among
friends, entreated to quiet domestic dis
cord in a neighbor's family that threat
ened to ripen into divorce, or waited
on by tho daughter of a farmer sub
scriber who is about to marry against
her father's will and desires the
wrath of the parent stayed. A medley
like this would drive the editor in a
But he did not complete the list
then. The country newspaper man,
to be successful, must be of very broad
information on subjects which involve
study and grave judgment. He must
bo ready to answer questions which
puzzle his patrons, or evade answering
until he can post himself. ; He must
keep abreast of the political movements
of the day. He must understand the
ambitions, likes, dislikes and preju
dices of the people of his community
upon whoie favor his paper's life de
pends. Yet he must be so indepen
dent, bold and fearless as to command
respect from the worthy and to make
his paper feared by the vicious. He
must be an all around mental athlete;
he must be a diligent reader of his
country exchanges in order to form a
judgment as to how public opinion is
taking shape, for it is well indicated by
the tone of the country press, while
tho metropolitan press is a very poor
indicator of public thought in its com
munity. It rather reflects personal
views of its proprietors and its conduct
indicates the newspaper owner's own
ambitions and ends.
Tho country editor is in touch with
all the people of his section in one way
or another. The metropolitan news
paper man is in touch with very few,
and by most of those he is morn feared
than respected. There are a few met
ropolitan newspapers which are direct
ed along upper planes of purpose and
thought, and which there owners and
managers conduct with an eye to the
right, tho best interests of the people
at large, and the -highest good of all
humanity.
These journals are more nearly in
touch with the people because by
study of the country press — the habit
of Greeley, Bennett and many another
pioneer journalist — they ascertain the
thought of the freedom of the land
largely, and what it is that propels
their minds in given directions and re
pells them in others. But we doubt
very much if oven these successful
and high minded newspaper con
ductors could take charge of a
country newspaper and carry it
to success except after some long per
iod of experience and hard probation.
Mr. Landis is right when he says
"Country editors are born, or made
only by the machinery of experience,
and one cannot bo made in a day."
But the country editor of all others is
the most important factor in journal
ism simply because he is closer to the
people of the land. He is more truly
in their confidence. His sympathies
are more nearly theirs, and his prompt
ings in most cases reflect theirs, or if
not, in the open issues he makes we
may look for the true key to their
thoughts, aims and wishes. — Record-
Union.
HcCaU'B Magazine.
By reference to our clubbing rates our read
ers will see that we furnish McCall's Maga
zine, an especial favorite with the ladies, and
tbe Amador Ledger, both one year for only
ii.'iS. Each subscriber receives ;i McCall Mag
azine pattern, which is worth at least one-tifth
of the price paid. If our people desire cheap
and profitable reading we are prepared to fur
nish it. . *
Want a Flan.
The Deering Harvester Company, of
Chicago, has applied to tho Division of
Forestry for a working plan for its
54,000-acre tract of hardwood timber
Southeastern Missouri. This marks
what is probably the first attempt of an
American manufacturing-establishment
to employ modern forest methods in
raising hardwood timber for its own use.
The timber owned by the company
consists chiefly of oak, ash, and hick
ory, woods especially adapted to the
manufacture of agricultural imple
ments. The owners intend to remove
all the less valuable species, such as
cottonwood, gum, honey locust, and
cypress, so as to give the others all
possible advantage for growth. A plan
will be made by which the merchant
able timber may be removed without
injury to the producing power of the
forest. The Division will send experts
to the tract to make the pbservatio.ns
necessary for such a plan.
Do Hot Overlook This
And purchase from some one else.
Just received my spring and summer
goods, which I carefully selected while
in the city, and they are now ready for
inspection. Come one, come all and
get your first pick. lam also making
a special sale of summer pants, valued
at 810, selling at $7.50. Remember
that this sale will only last for six
weeks. Max Lauar,
4-6 tl The Tailor, Jackson, Cal.
UTILIZING WASTE MATTER
How Concentrated Fertility
Is Disposed of.
THE GREAT GANGES GANAL AND ITS COURSE
Irrigation As Practiced By the British
Government and the Great
Canals of Masonry.
Millions of dollars of waste occur
every year in the cities of the United
States; enough, it has been st;it< >", tv.
sustain ten million people. The waste
in a single large city, New York for in
stance, is enormous, tho annual value of
her sewage and manure alone being
millions. New York's and Chicago's
vast sewage is carried out to sea, and
Chicagoans think they have achieved a
great engineering triumph whereby
their hundreds of thousands of tons of
concentrated fertility is swept into the
Mississippi and finally to the Gulf of
Mexico. In this connection it is inter
esting to note that soma. communities
are utilizing their waste in enriching
adjacent lands. Paris i.s making a vast
experiment with its sewage for irrigat
ing farm lands upon which can be
grown wonderful yield*. A dispatch
from Walla Walla, Washington, stateß
that a fruit company, owning a large
orchard near the city has contracted to
take the entire citj sewage for a term
of thirty-five years without cost to the
city. Here is mutual co-operation, the
fruit men want water for irrigation
purposes and the city had a task of no
small proportions in getting rid of this
surplus water. The company owns a
large orchard just below Walla Walla
and tho trees require irrigation to bring
the best ivsults. . For yuars the com
pany has been endeavoring to solve the
problem; now it is believed the irri
gated property will bo one of the best
paying investments in the State.
That one-third of the entire country
is today vucant .public land is a fact as
tonishing to the eastern traveler who
goea west and who cannot comprehend
the vast stretches of unoccupied lands
that lie awaiting development in tbe
western States and Territories. And
this development must come principally
through the union of water and land.
THE GREAT GANGES CANAL.
During its course, the Ganges Irriga
tion Canal for a long stretch flows
nearly parallel with the foot of the hills
and has to cross all tbe streams, tor
rents and drainages which flow from
them. Vast aqueducts have been con
structed to carry these bodies of water
one over tho other. In one place the
Ramipore torrent is carried across the
canal by a masonry work 196 feet wide
and fourteen feet deep. ' Lower down
the Puttrl torrent is carried across by
a masonry passage 296 feet wide. The
Puttri torrent has a catchment basin of
eighty square miles and both of these
torrents are subject to floods of great
violence. • ' ■
In still another instance the canal en
counters the Putmoo torrent which has
a catchment basin of 125 square miles.
This torrent is boldly admitted into the
canal itself over a masonry inlet, and
passes out over a masonry dam 600 feet
in width and immediately opposite the
inlet.
Once again when the Solanl is met the
entire canal is taken over this large
stream by an aqueduct. Tho Solani
has a discharge in floods of about 35,000
cubic feet per second and the aqueduct
which carries the Ganges canal across
the river has a length of nearly three
miles. The bed of tho canal is raised
considerably above tho surrounding
country, in ono place as, high as twenty
four feet.
EXCURSION RATES BOTH WAYS.
The Bock Island Springs a Surprise On
the Colorado Lines.
The Trans-Missouri Committee of the
Western Passenger Association is hold
ing its annual meeting at the Brown
Palace hotel. A surprise was sprung
on the Committee at the morning ses
sion by General Passenger Agent Se
bastian, of tho Rock Island. Begin
ning about June 20th, tbe Rock Island
will run four excursions from Chicago,
St. Louis, Kansas City and Omaha to
Colorado common points, making a rate
of one fare plus $2 for the round trip
and return limit of October 31st on the
tickets. These excursions will be run
as special excursion trains and about
the same dates return excursions will
be run from Denver, Colorado Springs
and Pueblo to the Eastern points, tbe
same rate prevailing, thus enabling
Colorado people desiring to do so to
make tourist trips East during the
summer, with the same advantages
granted Eastern tourists who come
West.— Denver Times
Proportionate Fineness of Gold.
Twenty-four carat gold is all gold;
twenty-two carat gold has twenty-two
parts of gold, one of sliver $nd one pf
copper; eighteen carat gold has eight
een parts of pure gold and three parts
each of sliver and copper; twolve
carat gold is half gold, the remainder
being made up of three and one half
parts of silver and eight and one half
parts of copper.
Many a Lover
Has turned with disgust from an otherwise
lovable girl with an offensive breath. Karl's
Clover Root Tea purifies the breath by Its
action on the bowels, etc., as nothing else will.
Sold for years on absolute guarantee. Price
250 and SOc. For sale by A. Qoldner, the
Druggist. , -,« ,
THE SACRAMENTO STREET FAIR.
This Exposition Will Be of Great Bene-
fit to Central California.
The Sacramento Street Fair and
Trades Carnival will be held on tho
streets surrounding Capitol Park, Sac
ramento, California, during the entire
week beginning April 30, 1900.
HOW IT WILL BE ACCOMPLISHED.
A monster out-of-door exposition, to
consist of exhibits by merchants, by
manufacturers, and by producers cov
ering all the multifarious industries of
Sacramento city and vicinity. To have
a' Midway, similar to that, at the
World's Fair, in which all the novel
features it is possible to obtain in the
way of amusements will be found. To
have daily parades of various kinds; a
battle of flowers and floral parade; five,
entertainments ou the streets by high
class artists at frequent intervals each
■ day; many band? of music; magnificent
electric illuminations and pyrotechnic
displays. at night; a Mardi Gras fete,
and many other features not yet
thought of.
Although the idea of a Street Fair is
not new, this will- be the first ono given
on the Coast.
THE MIDWAY ATTRACTIONS.
One of the greatest attractions of this
big event will undoubtedly be the Mid
way. This, it is intended, shall run
through' Capitol Park, opposite-Thir
teenth street, from Lto N streets. B^
ing thus located in the center of the en
tire exposition, and all cross streets be
ing for the week closed, visitors, to
reach tho Midway, will bo com polled to
pass. the booths of exhibitors. While it
is impossible at this early date to give
the exact nature of the different Mid
way attractions, the following area few
of the features that it is expected will
be secured . The Streets of Cairo with
Turkish and Arab gun spinners, sword
fighters and acrobats' in games and
sports of the Oriental races; a German
village with Tyrolean singers, etc. : a
Japanese theat re; a Filipino theatre; an
Oriental theatre; a trained wild animal
show; Indian village and Wild West
show; a dog and cat show; a congress
of International dancing girls; camels,
elephants, ponies and burros, on which
the visitors may ride. etc.
PARADES, FREE FEATURES, ETC.
On the opening day it is intended to
give a grand Industrial Trades Parade
to be participated in by tho merchants
and manufacturers. On May day a
beautiful Floral Parade and Battle of
Roses will be given under the direction
of the Native Sons and Native Daugh
ters. On the closing day of the Fair a
Fantastic Mardi Gras Carnival Parade
will be given, to bo followed at night by
a gala masquerade ball. Other parados
for each day will also be arranged later.
The fire, street entertainments each
day will consist of tight rope walking,
specialty acts, singing, fancy dancing,
band concerts, etc.
RAILROAD EXCURSIONS.
Arrangements are under way for
special excursions to bo run from all
towns within a hundred and fifty miles
radius of Sacramento, and it is believed
that nearly forty thousand strangers
will take advantage of the specially low
rates to visit the city and attend the
exposition.
Any further information desired can
be obtained at the headquarters of the
Street Fair Cominitte, in Room 9, Octa
sner Building. Very respecfully,
Sacramento Street Fair Club.
A REPUBLICAN CALL.
The Republican Convention ot the Second
District Meet Hay 15th.
At a meeting of the Republican Con
gressional Committee of the Second
Congressional District of California,
held in the City "of Sacramento, April
18, 1900, the following resolutions wore
adopted:
Resolved, That the Republican Con
vention of the Second Congressional
District of California is hereby called
to meet in the Agaicultural Pavilion,
in the City of Sacramento, at 11 a. m.,
on Tuesday, the 15th day of May,
1900, for the purpose of electing two
Delegates and two Alternate Delegates
to the National Republican Convention
to be held in the City of Philadelphia
on Tuesday, the 19th day of June, 1900.
The delegates to said Second Con
vention shall be chosen in such manner
as may bo determined by each of the
several County Central Committees
within the district — either by primary
election, by vote of Republican Clubs,
or by appointment by the County Cen
tral Committee.
A certified list of the delegates,
signed by the Chairman and Secretary
of the County Central Committee,
shall be forwarded to the Secretary of
this Committee on or before the 10th
day of May, 1900.
Resolved, That the delegates com
prising the Second District Republican
State Convention, to convene in the
City of Sacramento on the 15th day of
May, 1900.
The apportionment of delegates to
the several counties comprising the
Second Congressional District shall be
as follows.
Alpine 1 Amador 6
Butte 8 Calaveras 6
El Dorado ..... .5 Inyo ...,,,, 3
Marippsa ...... .3 Mono 2
Nevada 10 Placer 8
Sacramento 22 San Joaquin 15
Sutter 4 Tuolumno .5
Yuba 5
Arthur L. Levinsky,
Chairman Republican Congres
sional Committee, 2d Dis't.
W. B. Thorpe, Secretary.
You Try It.
If Shiloh's Cough and Consumption Cure,
which Is sold for the small price of 35c, SOc and
SI, does not cure, take the bottle back and we
will refund your money. Sold for over fifty
ears on this guarantee. Price, 25c and 50c.
For sale by A. Goldner, the Drug gist. ■-*•■; .
NIGHT BLOOMING CEREUS.
There is a flower that blooms by night,
When all the land is still,
When only nightingales an heard
And dews their wine distill.
It loveth not the glare cf day,
The noise of busy noon,
Alone revealing its pure heart
Unto the lady moon.
When other blossoms lie at rest.
It watches like a saint.
And all night long It wearies not
Until the shadows faint.
Let others call it what they may,
Hope's star it is to me.
That only when the morning comes
From its sweet task Is free.
Let other flowers win the praise
Of laughter, mirth and song.
My blossom lights the thorny path
Of griefs unhappy throng.
And when I find it fast asleep.
While suns an shining bright,
I know 'twill waken when I dream
And guide me through the night.
—a O. B. in Chicago News.
THE CRASH OF HEAVY GUNS.
Fearful Strain of the Conenasf on
Upon the Nerve* and Ears.
The stunning report of each gun as
It is fired Is something that a stranger
on the deck will long remember. There
Is an old saying, "deaf as a post"
Now, In the royal navy, this Is changed
to "deaf as a post captain."
No man can go through a long series
of gunnery practices without having
his hearing very seriously affected.
Some men put cotton wool In their
ears, but even this precaution does lit
tle to deaden tbe terrible shock. And
If the firing of one or two guns has
such a shattering power, what would
be the effect If tbe whole armament
were In action together?
It is almost Impossible to conceive
the strain upon nerve and senses of the
rending concussion. If a visitor
watches tbe firing of one of tbe mon
ster 0 Inch guns and then places him
self beside one of tbe smaller pieces,
the report made by tbe one will not
appear much louder than that of tbe
other. The extra distance to tbe muz
zle of tbe big piece discounts tbe sound.
Tbe only apparent difference between
the two appears to be that the small
pieces have a sharper, higher pitched
note, and that the 6 and 9 Inch guns
speak with more of a bellowing roar.
One piece of advice may be given to
any one who finds himself In the
neighborhood of a gun In action. Tbe
noise will not have nearly tbe same
effect If you are watching tbe gun as
If the crasb comes unexpectedly. Un 5
consciously nature prepares you to re
sist a shock which Is known to be Im
pending.— Blackwood's Magazine.
Popping; the Question.
A writer in Lady's Realm says there
are certain precautions which all lov
ers should take when proposing. Never
propose, says an old student of wo
man, when returning from the theater.
She will be still under tbe spell of one
of the actors, and beside his romantic
figure you dwindle Into Insignificance.
It is better to propose on the way to
the theater or some entertainment.
Rather than upset an evening's enjoy
ment by rejecting your suit, she will
accept you. Never, • continues our
mentor, propose to a young lady after
having a meal with her. Her imagi
nation is chilled by the process of. di
gestion, while there is nothing that so
degrades a man in a girl's eyes as to
see him eat a hearty meal.
Was it not Charlotte Bronte who
lost her admiration for Thackeray
after seeing him eat? On the occasion
of their first meeting at a dinner par
ty Thackeray took Charlotte Bronte
down to dinner. Thackeray was hun
gry, and as he ate steadily at bis din
ner her admiration and awe gradually
faded away. At last, when she saw the
great man of her visions attacking a
huge potato, she called out in despair,
"Oh, don't, Mr. Thackeray!"
A llnppr Expedient.
Some few years back a colonel com
manding some marines was much exer
cised in his mind as to how to deal
with two of his men who were contin
ually fighting. Threats, pack drill and
even cells were tried, but were of no
avail No sooner were they free than
they flew at one another and were at it
again with worse results than before.
At last he hit on a happy expedient.
The next time the men were brought
before him he set them to clean all the
windows in the barracks, one inside,
the other out, and neither to go to the
next window till the other had finish
ed. The next morning they started,
and after glaring at one another for
three or four windows the situation be
came too ludicrous. They both burst
out laughing and have been good
friends ever since.— London Answers. '
The Snow Hurricane.
The buran, or snow hurricane of the
Pamirs, is a meteorological phenome
non of great interest Even in midsum
mer the temperature during a snow
buran frequently falls to 14 degrees F.,
while In the winter of 1892-3 It dropped
to 45 degrees below zero at the end of
January.
The buran comes with startling sud
denness, the atmosphere growing dark
with whirling snowflakes where scarce
ly a minute before the sky was per
fectly clear.
Funny Men.
The Jests of Heliogabulus were very
practical. He was fond of inviting
people with some physical deformity
to dinner and making Jokes about
them. At times he would invite a doz
en hunchbacks or a score of squinting
ladles or an equal number of baldheads.
Once he put a large number of exces
sively fat people, all very hungry, into
a small chamber where dinner was
waiting. There was no room to eat it.
Another diversion of which he was
fond was that of placing his guests on
air sofas, so that when they were about
to drink he could let the air out and
have both sofa and guest collapse.
It Is said that Nero, the Roman em
peror, liked to "shy" nuts at the bald
heads of the praetors who sat below
during the performance at the theater,
and . they were expected to maintain
their baldheaded dignity and refrain
from "shying" them back at him.
Heaven Twice Found.
Now she suffers him to print a kiss
upon her brow.
"This Is heaven!" he says.
Two years pass now. His baby has
just ceased crying.
"This le heaven!" says he.
Here we see how a man's Ideals
change with the lapse of time.— Detroit
He UndTEToongh.
There is a New York physician who
takes an active Interest in politics and
is popular with the "boys." In spite
of his jolly disposition he is an ex
tremely thin man, so thin that many
a Joke Is aimed at him. Here Is the
latest story they are telling about him:
A grocer's boy entered the doctor's
office the other day with a basket of
fine fruit which some grateful patient
had sent to him. The -doctor told the
boy to place the basket In a cabinet
which stood against the wall. At the
same Instant he stepped out of the
room, and, going Into an adjoining one,
manipulated a contrivance which caus
ed an articulated skeleton within the
cabinet, to waggle Its head and limbs
in an appalling manner just as the
messenger boy opened the door.
With a yell of terror the boy fled.
When the doctor had enjoyed a hearty
laugh/ he picked up a fine apple and
followed the boy Into the street to give
it to him. "Come here, my boy!" he
shouted. "Here's a fine apple for you."
"Not on your flfe!" replied the af-.
frighted youngster, taking to his heels
again. "You can't fool me with your
clothes on."— New York Tribune.
Shooting Star*.
Sir Robert Ball, the eminent astron
omer, once told an audience that any
one who took the trouble to He on his
back on the ground and gaze at a clear
night sky would, aa his eyes became
accustomed to the heavens, soon per
ceive numbers of shooting stars.
MISCELLANEOUS.
f' 'EAbTHT
\ If they only could,
many rich men would
erase the W in wealth and
write H in its place, and
so change wealth into
health. It's the saddest
thing about riches that in
in acquiring them men
often ruin their health
and at their prime are
doomed to live "perked
up in a glistering grief
and wear a golden sorrow.
The trouble is generally
with the stomach. In the
rash for riches there's
been no time for regularity, no consider-
ation of right food. The stomach and
other organs of digestion and nutrition
become diseased and then begins the
bitter and varied sufferings of the man
with "stomach trouble."
Yet this condition can be cured. The
stomach and other organs of digestion
and nutrition, can be restored to a nor-
mal condition of sound health. Thou-
sands testify that Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery, strengthens the stom-
ach, nourishes the nerves and purifies
the blood, that it breaks the bonds of the
dyspeptic, and makes him a healthy,
happy man. No alcohol whisky or other
intoxicant is contained in "Golden Med-
ical Discovery.
"I was a siMerer from what the docton called
indigestion, but after trying several eminent
physicians failed to g-et a enn," write* Mr.Pr.ok
Mericle, P. O. Box 473, Independence, Jackson
Co., Mo. " 9ome of my symptoms were son-
ness in pit of stomach, fullness, tlrtd feeling:
constipation; some times soreness wold extend
to bowels. Some one recommended me to take
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery, which I
did, and after taking only a few bottles of ' Dis-
covery 1 and your 'Pleasant Pellet* ' can say I
derived more benefit from them than trom any
other medicine I ever tried. I began to gain in
flesh from the start. Have recommended it to
others and will continue to do so."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets do not
become a necessity to the system they
have relieved a( accumulations and ob-
structions.
FIRE ACCIDENT LIFE
L. j. FONTENROSE
General Insurance Agent .-,.;
and Searcher of Records
Office : Marelia building, Court street. Jackson
BANK OF MM COUNTY
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : : : $50,000
President ...Henry Eudey
Vice-Presidont S. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudey
board or directors:
Henry Eudey, S. G. Spagnoli, John Strohm, C.
Marelia and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT.— Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from the Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from Ore
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County ; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postofflce or express. Money sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County.
They receive deposits from t5 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die it can't be found and yon are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive
ffl. A. MAILS
For the Best
Assortment of
Dry Goods
if U *f\ bC
siiuts
AND
Furnishing -:- Goods
Of All Kinds
For Ladiesl
And Children
At the Lowest Prices
GO TO
M. A. MAILS
Sutter Creek
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, Jackson
Dealer in .
«M WATCHES, CLOCKS ME»
AND SILVERWARE
«3" All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watohes, Clocks and Jewelry ■
speoiaJtv.
Ten Cents Per Copy.
LAWYERS.
Xji A. FREEMAN
Attorney-at-Law
Jacksoh, Cal.
Office in Marelia building, corner Main and
Court streets.
T~\ 11. SPAGNUL.I
Attorney and Counselor at Law
Jacksoh, Cal.
Practice In all the States and Federal courts
Office: Spagnoli building, opposite Ball of
Records. -
•\ ■ CAMINKTTI
Jt\.a
Attorney and Counselor at "Law
- Jacksoh, Cal.
Will practice in all the State and Federal
courts. .■ / ; ■ •
T> OBEKT C. 801-E -
Atto*ney-«t-Law
Jacksoh, Cal. •." ?'-■;
Office: Farley building, Summit street.
~I^~EIL A. MACQITAKRIE
Attorney and Counselor at taw
Jacksoh, Cal.
Office: Spagnoli block, Courthouse square.
JW. CALUWELL
AUorneyat-Law
Jacksoh, Cal. .
Will practice in all courts of the Btats - ' «•
TIT n. WILLIS
AHurney-at-L»w
1-r ■'••. JACKSOH, CAL.
Office: With E. A. Freeman. Practice in
State Courts.
TOIIX F. DAVIS
— — LAWYER
Jacksoh, Cal.
Office on Summit Street, opposite Courthouse.
TAGOB L. SAROEKT
ATTORNEY— *— •
JACKSOH, CAL. 1
Office: Marelia building. Court street. Mines
and mining laws a specialty. ■
NOTARIES. " -;'; : ;
HILDA GLOUGH
Stenographer and Notary PabUe
Jacksoh, Cal.
Office, Judge Davis' law offices, Summit Street.
DOCTORS. : V, r '
TjV V. TIFFANY
Physician and Surgeon
Plymouth, Cal.
49" Office on Main Street : : : : : :
"CIREO lIUTCHIKB. M. D.
Physician and Snrgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office with Dr Robertson, in the Kay building.
Will be in his office every evening (Sundays' ex-
cepted) from 7 to 9.
Tj~~ E. ENUICOTT, M. D.
Physician and Surgeon
Omce: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times.
pjR. E. V. LONIGO"
Physician and Snrgeon -
Jackson, Cal.
Office: Webb building, Main street. Resi-
dence : Broadway, near Harre's Hotel.
riß. A. M. GALL
Physician and Sturgeon
Jacksoh, Cal.
'race In Weil & Renno building, Main Street.
VT C. SIMMONS
Physician and Snrgeon
Sutter Cheek, Cal.
Office: Richards building. Residence: Sut-
ter Hotel.
p|R. J. H. GILES
Physician and Hargeon
Sutter Creek. Cal.
Office: Eureka Street, one block east of Main.
DENTISTS.
pvR. C. A. HERRICK
DENTIST
Jackson, cal.
Office in Kay building. Hours from Ba. m. to
(p.m.
MISCELLANEOUS.
JACKSON
Marble and Granite Worts
HEADSTONES
MONUMENTS
All Kinds of Marble and Granite
CITY PBICEB
Granite curbings from 11.25 (and upward) a
foot. Cement curbings 00 cents a foot.
Come and see me, for you will be well pleased
with my work.
A. FRANATOVICH, Jackson, Cal.
I. L. GODFREY
BUILDER, JOINER HD WORKER II WOODS
Water Street, Jackson
XS PREPARED TO DO ALL KINDS OF
plain or ornamental work. Bookcases,
Wardrobes, Commodes, etc., turned out in the
most skillful manner. Window Screens and
Blinds made in short order. Orders from the
country attended to promptly.
Porter & Cheney
Mines and Mining Stock
Mines Bought and Sold - r -.-'
- - - - Corporations Organized
We make a specialty of unlisted -- - -: ;
mining stock of the "Mother Lode"
530 California Street, San Tnwdieo,THE AMAp©R iLEDGER
PuBLisHEDj Fridays by.
AMADOR COUNTYFPJUBLISHING j COMPANY.
RATES:
One Year (if not in advance). , $3 00
One Year (in advance) , , 2 50
-Six Months,. ..-. 1 25
r • Three Months .'. 75
"'One or More Copies of the Ledger, each 10
; Legal ADVERTisiNG^Per Square— First Insertion. $1 00
Suhsequent Insertions— Per Square^each 50
P. BUFFIN6TON . ; •.:',,[",. 1 '...: Editor and Manager
friday. . : : ... . ; .-. :. : .; . . .; .;..;.:...........„ April 21, 1900
BRYAN'S BIRTHDAY.
 , .. .From the Brooklyn Eagle, a Democratic paper, we take
"' the following .unique eulogy of William J. Bryan, which ap
peared in its- editorial jcolunms. on the morning of Bryan's
birthday, about a month ago. It is rather rich reading, es
pecially for Bryan Democrats: •
''This is Mr. Bryan's fortieth birthday. No man so
young as he was in 1896 was ever nominated by a great party
for President before. George' B. McClellan was thirty-eight,
not thirty-six, in 1864. No man was ever nominated before
on the carrying power of a single speech. No man of forty
ever before faced the practical certainty of a renouiiuation.
" No Democratic candidate for president, elected or beaten,
ever before received so many votes, or was defeated by so
large a popular majority against him. No man was ever
before the apparent favorite of every Democrat, in regular
relations with the party, who wants to elect him, and of every
one, in like relations with it, who wants. to beat him.
"No man ever nominated made so many speeches or one
speech so many times. No man ever said more or did less —
unless saying is doing — as a basis of one candidacy obtained
and of another in sight. l-'.
"No nominee ever before so united on himself all who
are detached from logic and untaught by events or set against
him all who have a stake of interest, reason and responsi
bility in affairs. No man! ever before uttered so many pre
dictions which came to naught. No. man ever before found a
' surety of renomination in the fact that all the disasters he
foresaw failed to materialize and all the benefits he denied
"Results never before wrought havoc of all statements
of any man. No man ever before increased his popularity
by the unanimous refutation of all his ideas by facts. No
candidate ever before put so many able men out of line with
his party or so many inefficient men into the high places of
command. ■ i ■ • ' - ■
,; i;; . i( " No. man ever before aroused more enthusiasm or more
apprehension 1 by 'a violation of all the conditions of sane
- politics., ■ The enthusiasm is ~no less, but the appreheusion
is. Nomination threatened his success. Renomination is
recognized by those whom he scared or overrode before to in
sure his defeat— yet to be the only way to cure the craze for
him. And, "we may say,- toward no man do opponents feel
less animosity. His friends regard him as an oracle. His
, opponents consider him to be a comedian.- He apparently
takes himself seriously and his party lightly. His promi
nency is important. Its overthrow is a little price to insure
his primacy. He has convictions, but his strongest one is
his right to be at the head. To him a party is a force made
for his use and handling. . A nomination to him is a role —
not a trust or a responsibility.^/ . ■■'■
' . . . . . ■'
"He has had an extraordinary career. Happily for his
country, it has involved no identification with executive re
sponsibilities. The rag-bag which is his mind and the
motley which is his following — what a circus they would
have made. with what they could never understand !
"The Eagle wishes for Mr. Bryan many years of health
and happiness and for the Democratic party a happy deliver
ance out of all its difficulties."
Much interest is taken in the Republican Clubs'
Convention which convenes in Los Angeles to-day. There
are several candidates in the field for President of the League,
among them being Colonel George Stone, the incumbent;
General W. H. L. Barnes, George C. Pardee and George A.
Knight. " President Stone estimates that of the 2000 dele
gates elected to represent 208 clubs, 1200 will be present in
person at' the convention. San Francisco has sent from 150
, to -250 delegates. s Most of; them left for Los Angeles last
Wednesday. - „___
\*l*Oßp .Roberts' army is at last in motion and operations
on a large scale are in progress in the Free State. It is be
■ lieved that the British leader hes spread a net and caught
the Boers at Wepner. Captain Leon, the French engineer
who had charge of the Boer artillery and engineers, has re
turned to. France, j He says the Boers will retire to the
mountains and fight to the bitter end.
- Ex-Senator Quay, of Pennsylvania, lost his seat by
. one vote, the same being cast by Bard, of California. Sena
tor Perkins voted to seat Quay. Senator Mark Hanna paired
withrDepew, who would; have voted .for Quay, and thus an
other vote in favor of seating him was lost. If Hanna had
remained at his post Quay would have been seated all right.
• ' The first civil governor of Porto Rico, Hon. Charles H.
Allen, has an opportunity to make a record, and the chances
are that he will do it. As Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
he proved to be a brilliant success.
THJS AMADOU UEDGrEI?: JACKSON, UAJ^IFORyiA, FBIPAY, APRIL 27; 1900.
Gold and Silver Product of California
By Counties for 1899.
. The Superintendent offthe United
States Mint at.- Sxn Francisco has for
warded to ibe ' Diivclor of the Mint.
Washington. tb« following table of ap
proximate distribution by counties of
tho gold and silver product of Califor
nia for the calendar year:
County. Gold. Silver. Total
Amndor J1.WJ.838 J«,«W $1,551,770
Butte : 48BSI8 5,00» 401,835
Calaveras... l.aß\.Vll 0,813 1 «75,377
DelNorte... 4,450 4.450
El Dorado.. 404,497 8,414 414,011
Fresno 18,142 18,143
Humboldt.. . 00(159 89.05U
Inyo 114,187 57.5-J9 171.718
Kern' 81M.414 6,810 870.224
Lassen «t.H)B' 28,808
Los Angeles 13.15S . ...:.. 13,132
Madera "3.758 . . £12 74,(BI)
Mariposa... SiiJ.KO 3,ai7 585.036
Mono W7,(1<!0 47,517 745.618
Nevada.... 2,171,510 17,784 rJ,150,294
Placer 1100.081 1.208 1,101,287
Plumas 381, 131 15 381,166
Riverside.. 163.011) aim 165,010
Sacramento lli.fl'.'H 115.006
Sanßer'dino I«4.5!)0 lii.fi:« ftXl.Stt
Ssin Diego 333.6a!l 333,850
Shasta 873 710 106,213 1,060,03-.!
Sierra 450,115 350 450,474
Siskiyou... 001,771 100 901.871
Stanislaus 10,01X1 ...... 10.U1O
Trinity.... 590,510 1.086 501,506
Tulare 13610 13,610
Tuolumne 1,635.760 15,111 1.630.880
Ventura.. 3.900 3,««0
Yuba 159.0-.J7 12 . 189,039
T0ta1.. 515,336,031 1501,012 1 15,840,013
Tho silver is given in commercial
value, or amount obtained for it by
producers when sold. In the total for
the year the commercial value of the
silver is $504,012, as stated, the coining
valuo, however, of this total being
$1,106,578. It w noted by Mr. Charles
G. Yale, the statlsticisn of the United
States Mint at San Francisco, that,
comparing the totals of gold and silver
with ' corresponding figures obtained
from the sunn! sources in the year
1898, the gold yield of the State shows
a decrease of $570,447, and the silver
yield an increase of $8!t,957, making a
net decrease from the previous year of
9180,490. but, that is a very good show
ing in view of the dry season last year,
when so many quartz mines had to
hang up part or all of their stamps for
a time, and the water season for gravel
mining was very - short indeed. Con
sidering these conditions, in view of
the fact that the Stato nearly hold its
own in bullion produst, it is seen that
the mining industry is really progress
ing instead of declining in product.
Further analysis by Mr. Yale shows
that of the total of $15,840,043, the
value of combined gold and silver pro
duced, the sura of $12,290,138 came
from quartz mines, $1,128,564 from hy
draulic, $1,019,955 from drift and $f,
401,38fi from placer mines. Included in
the placer output is that derived from
dredges, river bed and bar, gulch, ravine
and ordinary placer work by Chinese
and whites. In the returns from quartz
mines are included 9353,743 gold and
$201,219 sliver, derived from copper
mining and smelting operations in Cal
averas, Shasta and San Bernandino
counties. Also included in quartz re
turns are $5021 gold and $64,620 silver
from silverlead mines in the counties of
Inyo, Mono and San Bernardino.
Thirty counties of California produced
gold, and twenty of these return some
silver product. As nearly all the
mines- are gold properties, numbers of
them make no return of silver or re
port the product as only "nominal."
Nevada county, is still the "banner"
gold-producing county as it has been
for some years, but this year for tho
first time Tuolumne county takes sec
ond place, displacing Amador county
from that position. As compared with
the previous year, Calaveras county
shows the largest increase in product,
though Mono county is not far behind
in this respect. The largest decrease
in production is in Placer county, fol
lowed in order by San Diego and "Trin
ity counties. •
The returns to tho Mint show tho
employment of 18,701. miners in gold,
silver, lead and copper mines of the
State, a decrease, of 1122 as compared
with the previous year. . .
- ~~^ — ■ — ■ — ~- — — —
W. H. Shipman, Beardsley, Minn.t under oath,
says he suffered* from dyspepsia for twenty-live
years. Doctors and dieting gave but little re
lief. Finally he used Kodol Dyspepsia Cure
and he feels like a new man. It digests what
you eat. City Pharmacy.
Republican Club.
A meeting of the Jackson Republi
can Club was held in the Webb build
ing, Monday evening, April 23d, Presi
dent C. A. Herrick presiding.
Minutes of last meeting were read by
Secretary James E. Dye and ap
proved.
B. F. Taylor, special committee of
one, reported that the banner, which
is to be presented by James E. Dye to
the Center Jackson precinct, at a time
yet to be decided upon, is in the office
of John F. Davis, and will be at the
disposal of the donor whenever he de
sires to make the formal presentation.
V A communication from the Second
Congressional : District Committee,
which wiU.be found elsewhere in this
issue, was read by the secretary and
ordered filed. ■ ■ ; • , r
Secretary Dye, who is also secretary
of the County Central Committee, an
nounced, as a matter of information to
the club, that pursuant to instructions
from Chairman E. C. Voorheis he had
called a meeting of the County Central
Committee to bo held In the Super
visors' room, in the Courthouse, at 10
o'clock Thursday, April 2ttth. On
motion. Mr. Richard Webb was ap
pointed to attend said meeting in be
half of the Jackson Republican Club.
On motion of Richard Webb, the
proxies of the delegates of the club to
the Los Angeles State League meeting,
were sent to C. H; McKenney, presi
dent of the lone Club, who had re
quested the. sumo In caso I none of the
Jackson delegates attended, j
Treasurer Webb made the following
report of the receipts and expenditures
of the club during the last campaign:
Total amount received .s39] .80
»' " paid out :. 39167
Amount on hand. ......... .4 !13
No further business appearing,, the
meeting adjourned tb the next regular
meeting night. ;
tadiei !
Ladies' fine corsets at 45 conts. An
nual clearance sale at Red Front. 3-5
Sick Headaches,
The curse of overworked - womankind, are
quickly and surely cured by Karl's Clover Root
Tea. ins great blood-puriller and tissue-builder.
Money refunded if not satisfactory. Price, 25c
and 50c. For sale by A. Goldner, the Druggist. *
Five Cents a Pair.
At our annual clearance sale will be
sold- ladies' tins tan hose at live cents
a pair. lied Front, ■ 3-5
Horse and Buggy for Sals.
The underoigned will sell his horse
and busgy at a very reasonable price.
T.erms cash. Call on or apply to Dr.
C. a.. Hprriek:, Jackson, Cal. 4-13-tf
A complete stock of washable goods,
suitable for dresses, such as Lawns,
Organdies, Swisses, Nansooks, pf all
the latest colorings, frpm 5c up, at the
White House. . •J-ptf
H. Clark, Chauncey , Ga., says De Witt's WlUb
Hazel Salve cured him of piles that bad afflicted
him for twenty years. It is also a speedy cure
for skin deseases. Beware of dangerous count
erfeits. City Pharmacy.
ftjr a clean shave or a stylish i hair
cut, go to the Globe Shaving Parlor.
North Main struct, V. A. Marini,
proprietor. i'^ 1
Fifty pieces of light figured calico,
spring styles, new patterns, at 5 cents
per at the White House. 2-16-tf
COUNTY CENTRAL COMMITTEE
Decides How i Republican Delegates Snail
: be^ Chosen.'; i '.
. P April 26, 1900.
A meeting of the Republican County
Central Committee was held in Jackson
on the above date.
The Chairman, Hon. E. C. Voqi
heis, in calling the meeting to order,
stated 'that the object of calling a
Committee meeting* was for the pur
pose of determining the manner of se
lecting delegate*, to the State Conven
tion that is to be held in Sacramento,
on the loth day of May, 1900, either
by primary election, by vote of Ke
publican Chios, or by appointment by
the County Central Committee.
The Secretary, James E. Dye, read
Call, which is as follows: •
CALL FOR SECOND CONGRESSIONAL
DIS'T REPUBLICAN CONVENTION.
At a meeting of the Republican Con
gressional Committee of the Second
Congressional District of California,
held in the City of Sacramento, April
19, 1900, the following resolutions \v o re
adopted:
Resolved, That the Republican Con
vention of the Second Congressional
District of California is hereby called
to meet in the Agricultural Pavilion,
in the City of Sacramento, at 11.00 a.
in. on Tuesday, the 15th day of May,
1900, for the purpose of electing two
Delegates and two Alternate Delegates
to the National Republican Convention
to be held in the City of Philadelphia
on Tuesday, the 19th day of June,' 1900.
( The delegates to said Second; Con-,
gi-sssional District Convention shall b^
chosen in such manner as may Bo de
termined by eacii of the several County
Central Committees within the district
either by primary election, by vote of
Republican Clubs, or by appointment
by the County Central Committee. ..
A certified list of J the delegates,
signed by the Chairman and Secretary
of the County Central Committoo,
shall be forwarded to the Secretary
Republican Congressional Committee,
Second District, Sacramento, Cal., on
or before the 10th day of May, 1000.
According to the apportion
ment of delegates to tha several
counties comprising the Second Con
gressional District, Amador is entitled
to six delegates, being one for each
township and one at large.
Mr. Richard Webb, Treasurer of the
Jackson Republican Club, appeared
before the Committee on behalf of said
Jackson Republican Club with a re
quest that the manner of selecting the
delegato for Township One, be left to
his Club, which had the names of 195
members upon its roll.
On motion seconded and carried, it
was resolved, that ono delegate be se
lected from each township and one at
large to represent all townships. That
the selection of delegates to repre
sent Townships Nos. 1, 2 and 4, be
left to the Republican Clubs of said
townships, such selections of delegates
to be made on or before the sth day of
May 1900 and the Secretary of each
Republican Club 10 notify the Secre
tary of the Couuty Central Committee
at once, of the name of the delegato so
selected.
That in Townships Nos. 3 and 5, the
Committee having no knowledgo of
the existence or any organized Repub
lican Club, tho manner of selecting
delegates to bo left to the County Cen
tral Committeemen of the respective
townships, either by appointment ' to
bo made or caucus held on or before
the sth of May 1900 and the Secretary
of the County Central Committee noti
tied at once of the delegate so appoint
ed or elected.
On motion seconded and carried, it
was resolved,
That, the Presidents of the various
Ltepublican Clubs of Amador county,
arrange for tho selection and appoint
ment of a delegate-at-large to the
State Couvention to be. held at Sacra
mento on May loth, 1900, said selection
and appointment to bo made on or be
fore the sth day of May 1900 and the
Secretary of the County Central Com
mittee notified of the delegate so ap
pointed.
On motion of the Socrerary, it was
resolved,
That, as T. M. Church, the Comniit
titteeman appointed to. represent Ama
dor City in township 4 was absent from
the coupty, that John B. Tregloan be,
and he is hereby appointed as Commit
teeman to represent Amador City until
a new County Central Committeu is
elected. ..- ■
There being no further business to
come before the Committee, the meet
ing adjourned. James E. Dye, "
Secretary. "
THE PHILIPPINE WAR. !
April 19.— Colonel James S. Pettit
will be tried by court martial. He
turned a captured Filipino over for ex
ecution without a trial.
April 20. — Heavy_ sentences are pro
nounced upon Filipino combatants.—
Safe arrivals at Manila of two trans
ports.
April 21.— There is a lull in Philip
pine movements.
April 22.^-General Wheeler sets on
foot a movement among Catholic
women in the United States to aid the
poor of the Philippines. — General Gam
boni says tbero never will be peace in
the Islands.
April 23. —One week's slaughter of
Tagals exceeds a thousand. American
loss trifling.— Genoral Pio Del Pilar,
formerly reported slain, appears at th«
head of his old command near San
Miguel.— Ships flying the Filpino flag
are captured.
April 24.— Filipinos lose onergy in
their fighting. Only an occasional
skirmish is indulged in. . . ' "'
April 25.— General Young inflicts
heavy loses on the rebols. ■ During the
operations from the 15th to the 17th of
April the enemy lost 333 killed.— The
Warren will take officers to Manila.. I
■ N6 family can uiiori) to be without One. Min
ute Cough Cure. It will stop a cough and cure a
cold quicker than any other medicine," writes
C. W. Williams, Sterling Run, Pa. It cures
croup, bronchitis and all throat and lung
troubles and prevents consumption. Pleasant
and harmless. City Pharmacy.
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
DEEDS.
T VVostfall to C. L. Mast-One-half interest
in Honolulu Lady; $100.
A. Tessioret al. to J. N. Lofstad— Red Tape
Mine; $605.
T. Smith to T. A. Wilson— Property of Calvin
Russell, deceased; $100.
J. Ilayden et al. to John Ross Jr.— Minine
property; $10. .
•AT 6 N," R nn ce E t ; o sui.° n>eSPieTrSE '< ° f SeC " OD
Addie Abbott t* S. C Wheeler— 9.40 acres in
townships: slso. • "
J. Green to Martina Watkins— Lot in Sutter
Creok;sU).
MOKTIMGES.
T Frakes to Q. Levaggl-~Land iq Sutter
Creek; $1)83.
SATISFACTION OK MOKTUAIiK
W. J. McGee to H. E. Potter.
MS PENDENS.
J. Rick vs Mary Whelan. '
Mary Harmon vs E. Speer et al.
Otto Korb, Grand Chancelor, K. of P., Boon
ville. Ind., says, "DeWitfs Witch Hazel Salve
soothes the most delicate skin and heals the
most stubborn ulcer with certain and good re
sults. Cures piles of skin deseases. Don't buy
an Imitation. Cjty Pharmacy.
St. Augustine 1 ? Gsild,
St. Augustine's Guild will meet at
the residence of Sirs. G. A. Waltonspell
near Broadway, next Wednesday after
noon at 2 o'clock. A full attendance i-s
requested.
bive thousand spring samples of
clothing 1 , ''the ' latest mtterns, on ex
hibition at tha White House.' 2 £}-tf
Of Intereit to PnpiliT? 1
The following communication is self
explanatory: q?- \ • fe \ m
Santa CRUZfCaI.^ April^l4, i960!
Mr. <3eorge /A. Gordon, County Su
perintendent 1^ of Amador. I .* County.
We desire to offer two scholarships in
your county, one to the young lady
and to the young gentleman who wiil
secure the | highest percentage on
examination. This examination ' is
to be conducted by the- County
Board of Education in any man
ner it 1 may; see -fit. We; suggest
that each teacher in the annual exam
inations which > take; place in June, se
lect the best set of papers of the
ninth or last year of the Grammar De
partment, or the best in any High
School of the county, submit those
papers to the County Board,' and the
County Board :will then select from
them the two best and recommend the
parties to us for the scholarship.
This scholarship is good for. a six
months' course in Chestnut wood's
Business College in either the Commer
cial or the and Short
hand Department. We suggest that
with the preliminary to the annual ex
aminations, that you enclose the ac
companying circulars. . ■;,..! iv,
We do this in order to bring our Col
lege prominently -before the young
ladies and the young gentlemen of your
county. We do not care ito influence
any one who expects to take a Univer
sity course, but only those who expect
to leave school at this time. We
think a business course would be of
great benefit to them. ' ■
Please give this matter your earnest
consideration, and should ; you visit
Santa Cruz we will be more than
pleased to show you some of the work
we are doing. Respectfully,
COX AND JANSON,
•___^^^J!5 incipals -
W. yr. Mayhew, Merton, Wis., says, "I con
sider One Minute Cough Cure a most wonderful
medicine, quick and safe." It is the only harm
less remedy that gives immediate results. It
cures coughs, colds, croup, bronchitis, grippe,
whooping cough, pneumonia and all throat and
lung deseases. Its early nse prevents consump
tion. Children always like it and mothers en
dorse it. City Pharmacy.
The South African War.
Last Saturday evening, April 21st,
in Webb Hall, under the auspices of
Admiral Dewey Lodge, No. 425, Sons
of St. George, H. Digby Johnston, L.
L. D., late of London, delivered his
lecture entitled "The South African
War: Its Causes and Probable Conse
quences" to an appreciative audience.
The able lecturer made out a strong
case against the Boera, and from his
standpoint of observation Great Britain
is wholly in the right and fully justi
fied, under all rules governing | the
world's onward march toward a higher
civilization, in, if necessary, wiping the
Boers off the face of the earth, unless
they yield to English rule.
We only have space for one extract
from the lecture, which is as follows:
"Jews arelall and absolutely exclud
ed from the franchise or any participa
tion whatever in the government of
the country. Roman Catholics are also
absolutely excluded. What say you to
that, my Irish friend— you who have
so recently become an admirer of the
Boer? To the Boers you are a heath
en, as are all Jews and all Catholics.
Further the constitution requires that
no person shall hold office under the
government who does not belong to
the Dutch church. It allows none but
members of that church to have seats
in the upper branch of the legislature,
which alone possesses any real politi
cal power. It excludes all churches that
don't accept the Heidelberg catechism
and confession of faith. And it forbids
baptism and the Lord's supper to neg
roes. Remember these are not domina
tional rules,. but the law, tho constitu
tion of the country. And yet there
are Jews and Roman Catholics, and
thousands of men and women who love
religious liberty, who have been delud
ed into sympathy with this narrow and
bigoted oligarchy, that has strutted
before the world in republican garb.
There is no constitution ; or form of
government in the world today less en
titled to the Republican name. It is
the worst form of oligarchy, and is
worse than depotism." .'
J. I. Carson, Prothonotary, Washington, Pa.,
says, "I have found Kodol Dyspepsia Cure an
excellent remedy in case of stomach trouble,
and have derived great benefit from its use."
It digests what you eat and can not fail to cure.
City Pharmacy.
SUPERIOR COURT.
Estate or Daniel Stewart— Final discharge of
executrix and executors.
Estate of John Fullen— Final discharge of
administrator. .
Estate of Henry Stephens— Decree of settle
ment of account and decree of distribution.
Estate of Gustave Boichegrain— Contest to
will Hied. Hearing on Qnal account and petition
for distribution continued to May Ist. - • ■ <
E. Ginocchio et al. vs. Maria Cassellaet al.—
Trial continued to May 3d.
Joseph* Bernardls vs. Annie E. Allen, admin
istratrix—Motion for a new trial submitted.
Mary E. Harmon vs. Elizabeth Speer et al.—
Action for a partition of the real property of es
tate of James Speer, deceased. -
John Reik vs. Mary E. Whelon et al.— Action
to correct a certain deed.
In the matter of the estate of Gustave Boiche
grain, deceased— Stipulation filed that time of
trial of contest to will be fixed by Court on
September 15. 1900; that account of executor be
heard May 1, 1901).
■ First-class bathing accommodations
at the Globe Shaving Parlor, Sangui
netti Building, North Main street. V.
A. Marini, proprietor. - ■ 4-20-tf
McCaU's Magazine.
Sample copies of McCall's Magazine at the
Ledger office, without money and without
price, Step in and get one. First come, first
served. »
, Cleanse the liver, purify the blood, Invigorate
the body by using De Witt's Little Early Risers.
These famous little pills always act promptly.
City Pharmacy. ■ - . .
LAMBERT.— At AmadorCity, Thursday, April
10, 1000, to Mr. and Mrs. D. A. Lambert, a son.
SCOHLE.— At Jackson, April 23, 1900, to Mr.
. and Mrs. Alfred Scoble, a son.
MARRIED. ; ~~
VALVO— BRINNADELLI.— At the Catholic
church, Rev. Father Gleeson officiating, Wed-
nesday morning, April 25, 1900, Mr. Frank
Valvo and Miss Louisa Brinnadelli.
~~ DIED. ; ~
WARREN.— At Plymouth, this county, Friday.
April 30, 1900, George Warren, aged about 62
years, a native of England.
RANSOME.— At Gwinmine, April 25, 1900, of
typhoid fever, E. Ransome, age and nativity
not given.
Notice for Publication.
timber land. act june 3, 1878.
United States land Office,
Sachamknto. California, March 22, 1900.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT IN
compliance with the provisions of the act of
Congress of June 3, 1878, entitled "An act for
tho sale of timber lands in the States of Califor-
nia. Oregon, Nevada, and Washington Terri-
tory," as extended to all the Public Land States
by act of August 4, 1892, Walter S. Kirkwood, of
Jackson, county of Amador, State of California,
has this day Hied in this office his sworn state-
ment No. 1580. for the purchase of the NWm of
NES4 of Section No. 22 in Township No. 10 N
Range No. 17 E. M. D. M., and will offer proof to
show that the land sought is more valuable for
its timber or stone than fqr agricultural pur-
poses, and to establish his claim to said land
before the Register and Receiver pf this office
at Sacramento, California, pn Monday, the 4th
day of June, 19UD.
He names as witnesses: George A- Kirkwood
of Jackson.Cal., P. O. : A. Yoak.of Jackson, Cal.,
P. O.; William E. Kellogg, of Jackson, Cal., P.
O.; Edward E. Cramer of Stockton, Cal., P. O.
Any and all persons claiming adversely the
above-described lands are requested to Hie their
claims in this office on or before said 4tb day of
June, 1900. Silas Penby,
S-ao-lOt Resistor.
LEGAL NOTICES.
j - ?-*• \
Assessment Notice.
Amelia Gold Mining - Company.— Location of
principal place of business, San Francisco,
California. Location of works, Amador
county. California.
"VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
JJI a meeting of the Board of Directors, held
on the ninth day of February, 1900, an assess-
ment (No. 4) of Two and One-half Cents per
share was levied upon the capital stook of the
corporation, payable Immediately in United
States gold coin, to the Secretary, at the office
of the company, No. a» Sansome street, Room
4, San Francisco, California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the fourteenth day of April,
1900, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction; and. unless payment Is
made before, will be sold on MONDAY, the
7th day of May, 1900, to pay the delinquent as-
sessment, together with costs of advertising
and expenses of sale. •
By order of tho Board of Directors. ',' ■
r>™ « h SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
Office— No. 330 Sansome street. Room 4, San
Francisco California. . - s-16-td
1 POSTPONEMENT. "
The date of delinquency of the foregoing as-
sessment, No. 4, has been postponed to Tues-
day, the 15th day of May, won, and the day of
sale to Friday, the Bth day of June, 1900
By order of the Board of Directors ■■- ■■•"
W «, h SCH UM ACH ER. Secretary
Office— &» Sansome street .. Room 4, San
Francisco, California. '
Notice of Forfeiture.
To John B. Skinner:
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFED THAT 1
have expended at least 1200 (two hundred)
in labor and improvements on the following-de-
scribed placer claim: WJ4 of EV4 and EM ofW4
of SWl< of NEW of section S3. township 7 north
rango 13 east, Mt. Diablo Base and Meridian
Volcano Mining District, Amador County,
State of California, as will appear by certifi-
cate Bled at the office of the Recorder of Ama-
dor County, Jackson, on December 29, 1598, and
January 19, 1900. in order to hold said premises
under the provisions of section 2SM, Revised
Statutes of U. S.. being the amount required to
hold same for the year ending December 31
1899, and if within ninety days after the publi-
cation of this notice you fail or refuse to con-
tribute your proportion of said expenditure, as
00-owner, your interest In said claim will be-
come the property of the subscriber under said
section 23*4. = M. CHRISTENSEN.
Volcano, January 30. 1900. .. lrJ»-4-27
••••••••••
1 i '■ ;
3 W .Z - ■■ ■
•♦••••••• •••••••••
IIIfIFFEE HOUSE
••••••••••••••••••••••••••
.■■:: .^.:r'"
. JACKSON, CAL.
Basement of the Webb Building
Everything New, Neat and
Clean
MEALS SERVED AT ALL HOURS
"■ THE BEST'
THE MARKET
AFFORDS
ALWAYS
ON HAND
Guests treated with consideration and re-
spect at all times.
' Best Liquors and Cigars at the Bar -
: > r«  A. GAGRE and A. TARAZ. :: "
H S h rough
Francisco ; :: •] £/ .
Chicago I 1 (A 11 13 and
WithOUt | gmy ■
chMge i tars »
| \/M.l LJ Dally
Southern Pacific Company . «^
. IN CONNECTION WITH .
Chicago, Union Pacific
& Northwestern Line
Overland Limited— Solid Vestibuled Train
of Double Drawing-room Sleeping Cars, Dining
Cars and Composite Car
Leave San Francisco - - 8:30 A. M.
. ... Leave Sacramento - - II:JSa, m.
Arrive Chicago - - - - 9:30 a.m.
Westbound train leaves Chicago daily 6:30 p. M.
Rock Island Route
Vestibulcd Drawing-room Sleeping Car and
Dining Car, via Salt Lake City. Denver and
Omaha.'
Leave San Francisco - - B:3Da. m.'
Leave Sacramento - . 11:25 a.m.
Arrive Salt Lake City - 2:10 p. m
Leave Salt Lake City - 8:05 p.m.
Arrive Denver - - - - 9:15 p.m.
Arrive Chicago - - - - 7:59 a.m.
Westbound car leaves Chicago daily 10:00 P. M.
Burlington Route
Vcstibuled Drawing-room Sleeping Car, via
Salt Lake City. Denver and Omaha.
Leave San Francisco - - 6 :30 p. M.
Leave Sacramento -; - 10:30 p. M.
Arrive Denver - ■ - - 9 :00 A. M.
Arrive Chicago - - - 2:15 p.m.
Westbound car teaves Chicago daily 11:00 p. M.
Connections are made at Sacramento from
and to both Southern and Northern California
for all three trains.
The Rock Island and Burlington Route cars
pass between Ogden and Denver over the Rio
Grande Western and Denver & ■ Rio Grande
railroads.
For folders and moro complete information,
inquire of .
M. W. GORDON, Agent, lone.
fl WEEK OFJffILOYED JOY
Sacramento Street Fair
*' and Trades Carnival
TO BE HELD AT
SACRAMENTO, CAL.,
April 30 to May 5, Inclusive
A New and Unique Feature - -
- - - in Open Air Enjoyment
FREE V ATTRACTIONS
Floral Parade, Hay Ist— May Day.
. Processions each and every day.
Grand Mardi Oras Carnival on
SATURDAY, * MAY * sth,
The Grandest Spectacle ;'*
Ever Witnessed In California.
BRING YOUR FAMILY. NOTHING
UKE IT EVER SEEN, Wm
MISCELLANEOUS.
Spll, Stales
**•»** Under Webb Hall *
MAIN STREET - - JACKSON, CAL.
■-lr~ M. HEWMAH, Prop.
The Stable equipped with first-class 1 stock
and vehicles. Suitable rigs for Commercial
travelers with trunks.
Special Attention Paid *
.*■ _ ,to Transient . Stock.
Large stable and yard for use of teamsters.
Telegrams answered free of cost. 8-33-tf
ANTONE RATTO
Carpenter and Contractor
ESTIMATES GIVEN ON ALL KINDS OF
work. Jobbing and repairing work at-
tended to promptly. Address at Fregulia's
shop. Broadway. Jackson. ' , .
Entirely New
Spring and Summer Goods
x y ■ ■'• \v \z • ■■•••■ :■
■ ':V '■ .. : ] ■ - '/' I
Silk Waist Patterns
Corded TaflPetas
I I Satines •
Glavinovich Corded Madras j
& Parker
Fancy Dry Good Notions
DEALERS IN- ■/;... J iwnuuo
■- ■ ■ ■■• Organdies - ■.;•.■»■;
GENERAL MERCHANDISE '■ ■.-_ -.■■. ■ . •■•■?■ •••■■-
l ■•-.-_..,. JLhmitns Vi: ;!•:;-
JACKSON. p -I :
. • . Ladies' and Gents Footwear
Straw, Crash and Felt Hats
*fe A full line of Children and ;
A.H.KUHUHAN
' S* i' w •"*■ o*
Contractor and Builder
1 Will do work in any part of
. ■ ■ Amador County. If ■ you want
, to build, send a note to Jackson
Postoffice and I will call on you.
Estimates furnished without coat
on any kind of building. Will
make plans and specifications for
♦LIBERTY tp SALOON*
Sanguinetti Building
Main Street Jackson
L. PERLANDA, : : : Proprietor
Best of Wines, Liquors and Cigars
Almays on band.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••A
: [A. KENT I!
5 Blacksmith •
• Wagonmaker and • •
c Horseshoes. | .
2 /CARRIAGE PAINTING AND GEN- i
Z Vj eral Smithing attended to with dls- Z '
_ patch at reasonable rates. WharCt's old Z
Z stand. South Main street, Near National Z '
{ Botel, Jackson. J ,
•••••••••••••••••••••••••A
|S SHOES AT WHOLESALE]-
I The largest exclusive Shoe Stock .
in Amador County to be closed <1
out at wholesale prices, without xfv '
any reserve whatever. ' |
SALE WILL BEGIN APRIL I, 1900,
» . And continue until the entire stock '*.
is closed out. No more repairing
/T\* vvill be taken after this date,
; Shelving, Fixtures, etc., will be for sale after stock is sold.
_> A. F. PETERSON, Jackson. ;
; Choice lots in this sightly Addition
for sale on terms to suit your own
; sack. Buy at once and secure the ;
best. This is the coming Nob Hill
; of Jackson, ; ; j
W. P. Peek, Owner, Jackson. tf
GLOBE -j- HOTEL
Corner Main and Court Streets
>• .•.-•! JACKSON, CAL. •
E.ANDERSON : : Proprietor
1 1 Hi .»!/ £Mft j ,-<:.: - 1 \ U '.I
First-ClassMn* Every ' Respect
ESPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO COM-
merclal travelers.. Sample rooms con-
nected with the house. ; Tha very best of ser-
vice guaranteed to patrons. '. ■
, .:■ 6ood Meals,' 23 Cents
PLYMOUTH-JACKSON
DAILY -'STAGE!; 1 LINE
Leaves Plymouth 9:30 a. m.
Leaves Jackson 2:30 p.m. .
JOHN STEINER. ';. : JPwjfhtor
it , ;y ■■•■ *-
it Corn, Bran, ■*•
„ Middlings, :[
if Rolled Barley *-
j i Mixed Feed | [
< i ■'..■• ' ' ■ Z
V v;.. ; : •»$•
« * Pine and Redwood Lumber £ »
m * Dressed and Rough Shingles > »
■m * Shakes and Laths £ JMINING AS OUR INDUSTRY
The Probable Sale of the Old
Eureka.
GOHTRACT FOR DRIFTING THE VORLANDER LET
The Bicknill Is Showing Up Well.—
Good Rock at the Confidence-
El Dorado Mines.
AMADOR COUNTY.
Old Eureka— Sutter Creek.
Dame Rumor is on tip-toe with ears
alert owing to a report to the effect
that Mrs. Hettie Green of Now York
has at last signified a willingness to al
low the famous) Old Eureka mine of
Sutter Creek to bi.- reopened. It is be
lieved among the' people of 1 Am ado r
county that untold weath is locked up
in the Old Eureka, and that if work
is resumed the out put will materially
add to the annual gold production of
this county.
• ; Baliol- Sutler | Creek. ' ■
Anew hoist for the Baliol mine is
under way, Knight & Co., of Sutter
Creek, having the contract.
Central Eureka— Butter Creek.
Very rich ore, running from $70 to
$80 per ton, is being hauled to the
Zeila mill from the Central Eureka
mine. The shaft is about 1680 feet
deep. The 10-stamp mill, now being
built, will' be able to handle the rich
ore, and when the lower grade levels
are worked more stamps will be added.
Kennedy— Jackson.
The south and north shafts of the
Kennedy mine are producing as usual,
and the 40-stamp mill is in constant
operation. The new vertical shaft,
some distance east of the main works,
is down about 1200 feet. A heavier en
gine for the hoisting works is to be
substituted for the one now in use.
This shaft is to be sunk to a depth of
over 3000 feet. ; : '.
Copper Mine— Newton.
There is considerable activity at the
Newton Copper mine, and report has It
that reduction works are to be built.
A force of from fifty to sixty men, it is
6aid, will toon be at work there.
Peerless— Jackson.
The shaft at the Peerless mine is now
down about 200 feet, showing three
feet of rock. The hanging "wall has
not yet been encountered, the ledge
dipping to the east at such an angle
that the full extent of the vein has not
been ascertained. Tho rock* closely re
sembles that of other noted producers
in the county, and indeed so closely
that it is difficult for the best judges to
'distinguish any difference. Superin
tendent Osborne says that, the vein is
of such a strong 'chanicU-i* that; there
. is not the slightest doubt but that the
Company will have a good paying oro
body. All things considered, ; the
Peerless is the best prospect ; in the
county. •
Valparaiso— Jackson.
The Valparaiso mine has been incor
porated, the capital stock being $25,000,
divided into 100,000 bhares of the par
value of 25 cents. The principal . place
of business is Jackson, Cat., "and the
directors are the following well known
citizens of Jackson: W. F. Detert,
Enrico Ginocchio, Alfonso Ginocchio,
D. Borro, G. Poggl. . .
The officers of the Company are: W.
F. Detert, President; Enrico Ginocchio,
Vice-President; Alfonso Ginocchio,
Secretary; E. Ginocchio & Bro., Treas
urer.
The Valparaiso mine has ; already
produced considerable gold, and under
the new management it will, doubtless,
produce more.
Altaite— Volcano.
An engine for the hoisting works at
the Altaite mine has been purchased,
and as soon as it is put in place sinking
will begin. The Akaite Company mean
business and its members are confident
that the development of the property
will result in' another dividend paying
mine. &p:*. r^*& ??&
CALAVERAS COUNTY-
Citizen: Things are being pushed
on the Sheep Ranch mine by Mr. Gut
mann, more than seventy men' being
now steadily employed. The r.new 20
stamp mill is running night and day on
as good rock as ever came out of this
rich old producer. ;->:" ,
The Vorlander Mining Company will
let a contract for drifting north and
south along the vein on the 150-foot
level. Several hundred feotof drifting
and crosscutting will be done, and bid
ders have the option to take all or part
of the work. The company will sup
ply machinery and power. This mine
is located at Middle Bar and C. M.
Burleson is the superintendent. • '■ ■
Prospect: Teams have been en
gaged during the week in hauling rock
from the Commodore mine, below town
to the Ford mill. Two hundred tons
will be. crushed, enough to make a
"thorough test of the rock; and if the
• results are satisfactory it is probable
.that the erection of a mill on the Com
modore will follow. The rock looks
' well, and in the opinion of experts will
- pay well, but there is nothing like a
* mill test to prove the matter.
The San Domingo hydraulic mine at
Dogtown is piping away in good shape
and cutting down the great banks of
gravel. The company is using about
1000 inches of water under good pres
sure and the promise of rich returns is
very flattering. They are paying $100
per day for water and employing quite
a force of men. Mr. Emery of the
Rose Hill mine, and Superintendent
Thompson of the San Domingo have
recently been comparing notes and ex
changfng visits, with a view of greater
efficiency of methods of work.
Chronicle; In our repprt of the
West Point mines, whioh appeared in
our last issue, we made a slight error
lathe account of tbo Eudora, mine—
sliglit ln-.-auise il involved a matter of
only <>•>•' figmv; nevt-itholt.-ss, that
figure made a difference of $100 per
ton in ihe repor! of the output of the
mine. We said liiat tho rebellious oro,
which was shipped to Selby's for re
duction, yielded $35 to the ton, when
it should havo read $130. . When we
consider that it costs" $20 per ton to
haul the rock from West Point to the
depot arid $20 more for railway trans
portation and reduction, it will readily
be seen that $35 rock would not cover
the expense, let alone leaving a margin
of profit for the owner. Nearly all the
mines of' West Point district— and
there are hundreds of them— are of a
very high grade, though rebellious ore,
but the only drawback Is the heavy
cost of transportation. It may be
asked why some one does not put up a
small reduction works on the ground
and thus save the cost of transporta
tion.- That would be all right but for
another difficult} which presents itself.
In the vicinity of West Point, we are
told, there is no material which could
be used as a flux for the proper reduc
tion of ores, and to haul this, together
with other necessary material upon the
ground, would far exceed the cost of
shipping the ore directly to San Fran
cisco.' With the. progress being made
almost daily in the reduction of rebel
lious ores, this difficulty may be over
come in, the near, 'future, but for the
present it would «eem there is no other
alterative. !: *'.--*
The water in the Greek mine is be
ing pumped out, and it is hoped that
operations may bo resumed on an ex
tensive scale. This mine has been idle
for some .time,. and its reopening has
been anxiously waited for. There is
no doubt of this mine, being a valuable
property, *. arid * sooner jor later it is
bound to prove a bonanza to its owners.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
New Era: The Bicknell mine, situ
ated between Big Oak Flat and Grove
land, and now bonded to Mr. Brunson
and others,; is being- developed and is
showing!- well. The shaft is down 65
feet. The vein is unusually strong,
being forty feet in width, and the aver
age value of the ore Is about $5 per
ton. The Dorsey " ditch, above the
mine, is being repaired and will furnish
the necessary .water. This | grade of
the ore, with water for motive power,
will yield a good margin of profit.
T. J. Curley and William S. O'Brien
have an extremely encouraging- pros
pect east? of the: Buchanan. They
have reached a? depth of 70 feet, at
which place the vein is eight feet wide
and assays $45 per ton. .
Independent: The 20 stamps at the
Confidence are busy on rock that
seems perfectly satisfactory to all con
cerned, while the underground work
ings of, the] mine 'proper are showiug
up* a quality "of ore from' which sub
stantial dividends can be expected.
* The main shaft of the Rawhide will
soon be 1800 feet deep. Although a
big force Is engaged in and about the
mine, the probabilities are that the
famous property 1 will ' not be again
worked on the gigantic scale It once
was until the bitter litigation between
Captain Nevills on one side and Messrs.
Ballard and Martin on the other is
finally settled.
EU 'DORADO COUNTY.
Nugget: At the Starlight the 10
stamp mill is running steadily on first
class ore. Mr. Vance, the superintend
ent, says there is a large body of it,
enough to keep the mill running all
summer. It is an interesting sight to
see those buckets of ore, on the ele
vated cable railway which traverse
the hill from the shaft and hoisting
works' .over 200 yards ■ to the mill, run
ning on an .; endless 'cable. The old
Starlight mine has never levied an as
sessment by its - present . stockholders,
the Hawley Bros, of San Francisco.
The mine has more than paid the ex
penses of sinking and constructing the
two hoists and the mill, Divides paying
a handsome dividend to its present
owners. Mr. Neilson Is the under
ground superintendent of the mine.
The great Oro Fino mine is one of
the best and. most systematically man
aged mine in this county. It is run by
water power j of ; 150 inches from the
Park Canal -Company's ditch. The
shaft Is down 700 feet. There Is a vein
of low grade ore of great width, which
contains sulphurets .which yield $50 to
the ton in gold. • There is a 30-stamp
mill. that is kept running night and
day to its fullest capacity. The 125
feet of hydraulic pressure of water In
13-inch pipes runs the hoist, mill and
chlorinatlon works. The man in
charge of the works kindly showed the
process of extracting the gold and It
was interesting. They run through
from sixty to ninety tons- of ore in
twenty-four hours, which I was told
yielded $6 per ton. They have about
fifty men employed, who, with their
families, make quite a settlements.
Grand Parlor.
The Grand Parlor, N. S. G. W., in
session at Oroville will elect officers to
day. Judge R. C. Rust of Jackson,
will be elected Grand President. It has
been decided that the 30th of June be
set apart each year for Native Sons'
Memorial Day. During the past year
the Increase in membership has been
nearly 1000. There Is now in the treas
uries of the parlors $32,000 more than
there was one year ago.
Cat His Own Throat.
After helping cook the evening meal for
the guests of the Amador Hotel, Ama
dor, last. Wednesday, the Japanese dish
washer proceeded to carve himself,
slashing his . throat with a keen
edged bread- knife. His insane work
was effectual, L death ensuing soon after
the desperate ; deed was committed.
The cause of the rash act Is not posi
tively known.
Uncalled-for Letters.
Letters remaining unclaimed in the
Jackson, Cal., Postoffice, for the week
ending April 27, 1900:
Paul Sampraljli J, K. Miller
Henry Levy ■ Jpbn Ha.rker
Mrs. Hattie Dezelle Alonzo N. Clark
Winfred Curry Jean Colllneau
G. G, Fqlger, Postmaster.
THE AMADOU LEDGEBr; JACKSON, CALrFORNIA, FRIDAY. APBTJL 27, 1900.
OUR BUDGET OF NEWS ITEMS
His ChUd's Illness Called
Him Home.
SHERIFF GREGORY TAKES CHARGE OF A THEIF
Bey. Withrow Conducts a Funeral
Ceremony as Requested by the
Deceased Two Years Ago.;
lone flour is Peerless.
W. F. Detert went to San Francisco
Monday.
If you want good bread, buy.only
Peerless flour. 3-16-tf
Henry Marre visited San Francisco
Pioneer Flour always-, has been
and still is the best. 4-6 tf* '
Ed Hammack of Jackson Gate, has
been quite ill with la grippe.
Give us daily some good bread. . Pio
neer Flour makes the best. 4-6-tf* •
H. H. Hulbert, . engineer at the
Oneida mine, is recovering from a se
vere attack of la grippe.
Annual clearance sale. Twenty yards
of calico for $1.00. Red Front. 3-5
We are informed that the Chichizola
sawmill has been sold to Whig Lessley
for $7000. ->•;'
Jackson Cash Grocers carry the fresh
est crackers and fancy cakes. 4-6-1 m
The lone . annual picnic takes place
today. Good weather — big crowd.
So be it.
Pioneer Flour is the "Lily of the
Valley," the "Pearl of Perfection." ♦
The Lady Minstrels at Webb Hall
tonight. They are prepared to amuse
all who attend. Pack the hall.
', Men's dress shoes at $1.25 per pair at
the annual clearance sale at Red Front.
Mrs. F. A. Voorheis is the guest of
Dr. and Mrs. Freeman of San Francisco.
She will be absent about two weeks.
Ladies' ties at $1.00 per pair at the
annual clearance sale at Bed Front. 3-5
D. A. Gutmann, S. M. Woodard and
Chief Engineer Feusier were in town
Monday on railroad business.
Gil Dickerman has ' moved to Quartz
Mountain and will work in the long
lost "Peg Leg." now known as the Al-
The very best of raviola or chicken
pinners may be obtained at the Origi
nal Louvre every Sunday. 3-30-tf
Wm. Sherwood, the carriage painter,
has completed a fine job for A. Pic
card o, and is now engaged in painting'
A. B. Caminetti's new delivery wagon.
The cheapest place to buy your gro
ceries is of the Jackson Cash Gro-
Miss Kate Cavalero, of the New Na
tional force, intends going to San Fran
cisco soon to be treated by Dr. Barcan,
the famous occulist.
Annual clearance sale. Three pair
children's hose for 25 cents. Red
Front. - •■.>[■ iV?- 3-2
Clarence Greenwood, son of J. A.
Greenwood, left for the Questo copper
mine in Madera county by way of
Stockton last Wednesday morning.
lone Flour Mill is' a home industry
and makes the. best flour. Why not
patronize it? 3-16-ft "' •
Thomas Trezise, engineer at . the
Kennedy East shaft, is an old time
Plumas county mining man, and was
foreman of the Crescent mine in that
county for twelve years.
Annual clearance sale. Men's large
turkey red, blue and white handker
chiefs at 5 cents each at lied Front. 3-5
Martin Thomas, who leased the
right to work on certain ground near
the Amador Queen No. 1 mine, struck
quite a pocket last Monday. One pan
of dirt yielded $147.10 in gold.
M. Newman has agreed to transport
the delegates and accompanying visi
tors to the Grand Parlor, N. D. G. W.,
from lone to Jackson and return, and
is making preparations to do the job in
first-class style. \ ■
Three pair ladies' black hose for 25
cents at the annual clearance sale at the
Red Front. : 3-5
Owing to the illness of his child,
Charles Morrow returned from Idaho,
arriving home Tuesday night. He was
summoned by wire. The child is now
reported convalescent.
Mrs. Abramofsky, who has been liv
ing in San Francisco for several
months, returned to Jackson last week
and will in future reside here with her
mother, Mrs. Rosa Froelich. :'.[-'
To the Front again. Annual clear
ance sale from April 2d to April 30th at
the Red Front. 3-5
Mrs. Mary Evans left yesterday
morning for a few weeks' visit with her
sister in Lincoln, Placer county. On
the way she will visit Mrs. Daniel
Stewart of lone and friends in Sacra.
men to during Carnival week.
Mr. and Mrs. Williams and Mr. and
Mrs. Craz, who have been visiting Mr.
and Mrs. Wm. J. Nettle and family,
left Wednesday for their home in
Grass Valley. Mr. Best of this place
accompanied them and will visit in
that vicinty fpr two weeks. .
Two tonsorial artists to wait upqn
you at the Globe Shaving Parlor, a few
doors north of Globe Hotel. 4-20-tf
H. Bradigan of Oleta, was in town
yesterday and favored this office with
a call. He gave an interesting descrip
tion of his visit to Bartlett Springs
some years ago, and the effect the
water had on him. He's a corker,
is Bradigan. Call again.
A. B. Caminetti of the Central Mar
ket has bought the entire olive crop of
a San Joaquin county orchardist, and
is prepared to sell both ripe and green
olives at San Francisco prices. Give
him a call and be convinced. 4.-0U
A man gqes up into publicity, the
next day he is caught in the jaws of the
printing press and mangled, morning
subject at M. E. Qfeurch next Sunday,
Evening subj'-ct, If a o<>£ and a rat, a
cat and a bin! can be taught to live
happily 'together/ ' surely Christians
ought to do so.
F. A. Kenyon, late of the Yo Semite
Houso, Stockton, has been Installed as
chief clerk at the New National Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. O. Tarn of Volcano,'
were here Sunday to see Mrs. W. Tarn,
who has been very ill, but is now con
valescent. . ■ '•. . - - -
The funeral of the late George War
ren, who has been a resident of Ply
mouth since 1867. was held there last
Sunday, Rev. Ell Withrow preaching
the sermon In accordance with' the re
quest of deceased, j which request was
made over two years ago.
Annual clearance sale. Six ladles'
summer vests for 25 cents at the Red
Fronts : -| ! > *•""*' 3-5
.; An Interesting . case . before Justice
Goldner was tried in Love Hall; one
day this ■week." If the . public had
been posted the hail would have been
crowded with spectators. Attorneys
Neil A. -. Macquarrie . and Charles H.
Crocker 'represented the contestants.
The case will probabiy 'go to the Su
perior Court. • "■•';
Ladies' wrappers, -of all the' latest
patterns, and a great variety to select
from — from ,75c: vp — at the White 1
House. • .  ;\ . 4^stf
.. Sheriff.:,- Gregory;. overhauled '.the
light-fingered gent, who helped him-:
self in Pine Grove to blankets and
wearing apparel, at lone and he is now
in jail. Evil "doers would better steer
clear of Amador county for otherwise
Sheriff. Gregory and the efficient corps
of constables and deputies will round
them up and take the kink out of 'em.
At the White House new arrivals of
goods and special sale. Ten dozen
ladles' ventilated corsets, at 25 cents
each. ; -':'f.v ' '- 4-6tf ; .
C. L. Jaeger, who Is interested in the
Sheep Ranch and Ford mines, and also
in the Jackson, Sutter & Amador
Railway Co., holding an important
position in each incorporation, passed
through here by private conveyance
Wednesday on his way from the Sheep
Ranch mine to lone. He is a wide
awake gentleman and we are told repre
sents large Eastern capital. : ■.
The most elegant line of ladles' shirt
waists — a very, large assortment ' to se
lect from, and the latest effects — from
50c up, at the White House. 4-stf -\
Cbestnutwood's Business College will
give to the young lady and the young
gentleman .submitting the best set of
papers to the County, Board ot Educa
tion a free scholarship. This scholar
ship will entitle the holder to a course
of six months In either the Shorthand
and Typewriting department, or in the
Commercial department. For further
particulars apply to the County Su.r
perintendent of Schools. i
Brothers Meet After Long Separation.
> William Kern, a pioneer of this min
ing section, left his home in Illinois
nearly half a century ago, and up to
last Monday evening had not seen his
brother since • that time. The lone
stage of Monday last had for a passen
ger J. D. Kern, of Sandwich, Illinois;
a brother of William Kern above men
tioned. . The meeting of the brothers
was, indeed, a happy one, tears of joy
being freely shed by both. William is
ten years older than his brother, who
is a well preserved and ■'■ most affable
gentleman. ~5~ 5 He is a Civil '" War vet
eran,' an empty sleeve where his left
arm once hung, eloquently telling the
story v of .his patriotic valor. He will
remain here with his brother for a
period of two or three days, after
which he purposes visiting the princi
pal cities and places of interest in Cali
fornia. .The Ledger acknowledges a
very pleasant call from both of the
brothers. Their glowing faces brought
a genuine ray of happy sunshine into
our sanctum.'. Verily, the ties of kin
ship are exceedingly strong, and Father
Time, - although < given ; fifty years to
weaken ■ them, ' has not in this case
made a \ perceptible . blemish, but,' if
anything, has materially strengthened
them. ; . ■'
Wild From Firewater.
;;A man came up from below a few
days since in search of his better half.
He found her in Slitter Creek, and
thereupon began swilling down strong
drink-. He-kept It up until his blood
was on fire, and one night recently, In
a fit of delirium tremens, he ran like a
wild man to the Mountain Spring
house, a distance of six' miles, jumped
through a window and began to demol
ish things generally. James Burns,
the proprietor of ■ the house, wats
obliged to knock the whisky-crazed
lunatic down with a club and tie him
hand and foot in order to protect hip
self and his property. He was turned
over to the authorities and lodged In
jail to sober up, no^charge, we believe,
being placed against him. - . ';
Almost Asphyxiated.
On Friday night of last week an em
ploye at the Gwin mine, named George
Fletcher, while mining In the 1650 level,
returned to his work -too soon after
firing the blast and ' nearly lost his life
by asphyxiation. He was unconscious
when taken out and remained so for
over an hour afterward. . Dr. A. M.
Gall of Jackson was ' placed In charge
of the case.
Going to Cape Nome.
Daniel J. Murphy . started last Tues
day on his return trip to Alaska, his
destination being Cape Nome. He will
sail from San Francisco on one of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
vessels , April 30th- John Shaw, of
Middle Bar. accompanies him. A
ticket from San Francisco costs $175,
Grand Councilor Savage,
On. Wednesday evening, May 2d,
Grand Councilor W. H. Savage, of
San Pedro, will deliver a lecture In
Webb Hall to the members of the Or
der of Chosen Friends of Jackson and
vicinity, to which the general public is
cordially invited. Admission free.
Annual Clearance Sale.
If our goods are not cheap and good
when you get home we will return your
money for them. Red Front. 3-5
Get your measure taken for a fine
910 suit, at th« White Haqse. % jR,t!
TELLS OF MASQUERADE BALL
Untimely End of a Volcano
Resident.
A FAREWELL PARTY GIVEN AT AfIADOR GITY
Mike French In a Critical Condion at
the German Hospital at San"";
Francisco.
FROM VOLCANO.
An Interesting Description of the Masq
' nerade Ball.
Volcano, April, 23, 1900.
The much. talked of masquerade ball
of the Native Daughters took place last
Friday evening in Armory Hall. The
beautiful weather of the fore part of
the week changed suddenly Thursday
morning .to a dreary cold rain which
continued with short intermissions all
through Friday and so kept at home
many of, those whose attendance were
.otherwise assured. A short lull in the
storm enabled the members to enter the
hall a little after 9 o'block without too
much discomfort. The hall was beauti
fully decorated for the occasion, partly
in red, white and yellow bunting and
partly in dark blue and orange gar
nished with ferns and artificial flowers.
Chinese lanterns, banners and masks
were suspended from the ceiling, the
whole forming a brilliant setting for
the motley throng of maskers. The
grand march ' was led by Mr. Elmer
Boydston and Miss Annie McLaughlin.
Considering the circumstances the at
tendance - was very satisfactory. The
spectators were also numerous. Fol
lowing is the list of maskers:
S. Bonneau— Toreador. '.
• J. Lessley— Any Old Thing.
. F. Griesback— Negro.
R. Murpby — Joker. . • .
A. Grillo-Spanisb Knight.
• C. Bradshaw— Prince.
Alma Murphy— Angel.
Mrs. A. About— Daisy Bell. -~ ■■."•.;
Miss Spencer and Mrs. C. Bradshaw— Twins.
Miss A. Comanehi— Gypsio Queen.
W. Boydson— Yellow Kid.
Mary San tirfo— Firecracker.
Delia Marsino— Night. ' . -
. Mrs. T. Gillick— Queen of the Forest.
Kate Lessley — Liberty. ■
M. Christensen— Frenoh Cavalier. ;•; X
J. Macbeth— Salvation Army-
Nellie Boydston— Flower Girl.
Guy Kefter— Spanish Cavalier.
yA: Lovestead— Red Domino.
A. Mlchlert— Toreador. ;
. Annie McLaughlin— Night.
Van McLaughlin— Tyrolean Peasant Girl.
; Miss C. Culbert— Fancy Dress.
E. Boydson— Don Antonio.
H. Toop— Dutchman.
Joy Foster— Yellow Domino.
May Goodman— Fancy Dress.'
Mrs. E. Stolckon— Spanish Dancing Girl
Nellie Bonneau— Snow Flake.
Lizzie Miller-Sailor Girl.
Myra Miller— Gypsle Girl.
C. Sturman — Admiral.
E. Nichlert— Rembrandt.
P. Jonas— Dude.
• . Mrs.- P. Jonas— Lily.
•' Mary Grillo— Sky. . . ;
' _ Mrs. J. Grillo— Snow.
Cody Grillo— Sunflower.
D. Grillo— Mexican.
George Lucot— Zouave.
A. E. Rowell— Old Woman.
Mrs. L. Cook and Mrs. O. Gillick—Washer
women.
At 11 o'clock the following judges
were selected: Miss Ella Clute,, Miss
Lizzie Marsino, Mrs. C. Stirnaman, C.
B. Arditto and W. Cramer.
Prizes were distributed as follows:
Bost waltzers— Miss Mary Grillo,
head rest; C. Bradshaw, bottle of cham
pagne.
Bost dressed lady and gentleman-
Miss Comanehi, silk sofa cushion; A.
Grillo, shaving set. '^
Best sustained characters — Nellie
Boydston, glove case: A. Michlert, box
of cigars..
Most original — Kate Lessley, slippers;
H. Toop, slippers.
Most comic— F. Griesback, a pig.
Best group— Mrs. L. Cook and Mrs.
O. Gillick, a box of soda water.
A fine chicken supper was served at
12 o'clock, after which tho dancers with
untiring energy kept the music going
until 5 o'clock. I did not learn the
financial outcome of the affair, but I
believe It was as good as could be ex
pected under so unfavorablejconditions.
C. Gracey of Arizona is the guest of
Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Clute. He has
been visiting his property on Pioneer
.creek. He reports mining oportunities
very good in Arizona. Ben Canvin
formerly of this place, has charge of
Mr. Gracey's mine near Chloride. A,
Lucot, F. Grillo and T. Marsino left
here about two weeks ago to join Ben
Canvin,
A deplorable accident, that cost a
human life happened here last Friday.
A company of four men have been
working all winter on China Hill, where
they have been piping a high bank of
lava. " Frequent' slides have occurred
and it is particularly dangerous in
rainy weather. The partners agreed
not to go to work on Friday morning
in case of rain. By some misunder
standing one of them, Vencinvso Devin
conzo, went up alone, Friday morning.
Being a single man living by himself in
a cabin, he was not missed. Mike Üb
blns, one of the partners, went up to
tho claim on Saturday morning to see
what effect the rain had made on the
bank. He found a djnoer buoket in
(he cabin and knowing that none were
supposed to be working he proceeded
to find out who could be its owner. He
soon discovered : the body -pf. his. u,ns
fortunate fellow worker lying. on his
back, a large rock resting upon his
temple which was crushed as were also
his ribs through which the heart pro
truded. Death must have been instan.
taneous. The supposition is that the
dead man, who was hard of hearing, was
overtaken unawares Jby the big rock
rolling with terrific force from the top
of the bank, as the body was a consid
erable distance from the slide and was
not covered up. Tho docea3e,d was a
peaceable man, well liked by everybody
\n tpvjr'n where he has resided a number
of years. Grandad.
AMADOR CITY.
Amador City Sends Delegates to the Grand.
Lodge of tb,e H, S. Q. %'
Amaqor City, April 24, 1900.
Mrs. A. WeU baa returned, from »
visit to San Francisco.
J.M. Hinkson has returned from the
German mine, and is now employed as
watchman at the South Spring Hill.
John R. Tregloan Is in the city on
business.
Tom Jacka, - of Napa, Is the guest of
his son, James, of Amador.
Miss Josie. Mooney is visiting rela
tives in Plymouth.
Mr. Case returned from the city
Tuesday evening, where he has been in
attendance of the District Epworth
League. Mr. Warren occupied his
pulpit during his absence. .
Will McLaughlin and John Dynan
have gone to Oroville to attend the
Grand Lodge of the N. S. G. W. as
delegates.
' John ' H. Moon of Jackson visited
relatives and friends here Sunday.
Miss Beatrice Blarney Is visiting in
Suttsr with Mrs. Pollard.
Mrs. Bartlett, who has been visiting
her mother at Forest Home, returned
last week.
- Mr. Batonfield, of Placerville, is em
ployed at the Keystone mine.
A party was tendered John King and
his sister, Sadie, last Tuesday evening
at Fallon's Hall, in order that the
young people might . enjoy one more
evening with their friends before sail
ing for Alaska. Dancing was the prin
cipal feature Uof the evening's pro
gramme, • after ' • which, refreshments
were served by the ladles' present. All
report having had a splendid time.
Church services throughout the week
as usual. Beginning with Sunday
evening the pastor will deliver a series
of ' sermons on Sunday • evenings on
"Christian Life". Subject for Sunday
evening, "Conversion." E. Lois.
Amador City, April 25, 1900.
Our public school will close on Fri
day for the summer vacation with the
usual exercises by the pupils.
Phillip Orchard of Sutter Creek was
in town last Sunday.
Frederick Esola, a lieutenant of police
ol San Francisco, formerly a resident
of this town, came^up on a visit last
Sunday.' ... };.'v".
Mrs. Annie Weller, the milliner of
Jackson, visited friends here last Sat
urday. . ■' '
Willie Dunlap, who has been attend
ing a college ' at San Francisco, came
up last Saturday.
Fred Downs and Ed Finn of Sutter
were over last Sunday.
Thomas Jacka of Napa, who used to
haul freight • from lone to . business
houses here, came up for a few days'
visit on Monday. f- : -
Jerry Hardy is sojourning :at tho
Bay city this week.
. J. R. Tregloan went down to Oakland
Monday. -■■ .\ ■ ■. . > -i : j'^j-^
Edward Kuchenbecker and wife left
for San Francisco on Tuesday.
The Keystone Mining Company has
received a large air compressor that
is being putting up at the shaft.
Willie Arditto, as he was riding a
horse last Friday to Plymouth, was
thrown oS between Drytown and the
Central House but got off lightly with
only a few scratches. ;;.';> \ : ;'.v; "
Albert - Lambert was the happiest
man in town last Thursday, his wife
presenting him with a nine pound son.
County Clerk Culbert of Jackson
was over ts see his folks last Sunday.
Dr. W. B, Smith, a leading dentist
of Sacramento, is here this week.
John Steffen, who has been on the
sick list, is able to be around again.
A Japanese .cook at the Amador
Hotel committed suicide about half
past four this afternoon by cutting his
throat. Dr. Freshman came immed
iately and attended him but he only
lived a short time. -
Constable Gray of Sutter Creek was
over Monday.
v A great many people are making
preparations to attend the Street Fair
and Trades Carnival at Sacramento
next week. ADMIRAL Schley.
CANYON NEWS.
Canyon Miners Have a • Severe Attack
:--; : of the Cape Nome Fever.
Canyon, April 24, 1900.
We are having lovely weather. A
few of our miners are making prepar
ations for their departure for Cape
Nome. Not a few have the Nome
fever, and among those who are going
are Charles Stevens, John Johnson
and George Grltlio.
The grand ball for the benefit of the
school will be given on tho 4th of May.
Mrs. Mike French and two children
were called to San Francisco to her
husband, who is ill at the German
Hospital, . - ; iaV
Miss Stella Cress, of Sacramento,
who has been working at Mrs. Ed.
White's, has returned to her home.
Mrs. Greon has returned from Ply
mouth.
There i* some talk of a , Sunday
School picnic In the near future.
■ ' '. I -■ i Latjra Theresa.
Plymouth Items.''
Plymouth, April 25, 1900.
Monday, April 23d, a surprise party
was given in honor of Miss May Easton
at her home. The guests were: Misses
May Easton, Blanche Little, Grace.
Wise, Hazel Griffith, Valla Potter, Til-
He Wise and B!a.zel Grainger. All
epeqt ft pleasant evening.
Misses Mamie and Mabel Wheeler,
teachers of the Drytown school, were
in town Sunday.
Mr. George Warren, who was born
in Cornwall, England, died here Fri
day at the age of sixty-three years.
Rev. Withrow,' who was requested two
years before death by Mr. Warren,
rendered the burial services at the M.
13- ohuroh. The deceased was the
husband of Mrs. Warren and father
of William Warren, Mrs. Gerrans,
Mrs. Gill, and Mrs. Gregory. He was
an honest, and upright man And was
respected by all who, k.n.ew him.
Miss, A, my? Slavich went to Alameda
this morning where she intends to re
main for some time.
Mr. William Butler and Miss Laura
Dugan made a visit to friends in lone
a week ago Sunday.
Mr. Raymond Pohman,. who has
beep to. Jackson for the past week, re
turned today. -••■"•
Mr. Tregloan and Miss Lucy Hink
eon o£ Amadox jwad. » visit* V) ttw Fty*
mouth school last week.
Mr.' W. H. Greenhalgh passed
through town a week ago Monday on
his way to Placerville, returning to
Plymouth Tuesday where he was
greeted by many friends; ■ he then re
turned to Jackson.
Mr. William Venn is very sick; his
daughters came up from San Francisco
to see him last week.
Miss Josie Mooney of Amador City,
was in town last week.
Mr. "W. W. Worthing, presldsnt of
of the Bay State mine, came up from
Stockton yesterday. ■ • ■ '
Miss Edith Graiuger baa an Attack
of malaria.
The W. C. T. U. meetings are being
held in the M. E. church every night
this week. "Omeoo and Oswego."
THEIR FIRST DANCE.
The Jackson Cotillion Club Begins Its
Career.
. The Jackson Cotillion Club gave its
first dance last Saturday evening in
Love Hall.. '! ' i
About a month ago a number of the
young men of Jackson organized this
Club for the social interests of the
young people, and through the untir
ing efforts of the promoters- it has
grown and strengthened, and though
still In its infancy, Is already recogniz
ed as a permanent organization. "
Spurred on by encouragement' from
older people, the Club will endeavor to
satisfactorily fulfill the place of like
clubs previously organized but which
have met with failure.
"In union there is strength, " and
present Indications show that the Jack
son Cotillion Club has strength, as Us
members labor side by side persistent
ly in the interest of that organization.
About twenty members gathered at
Love Hall with as many Invited lady
friends, on last Saturday evening and
enjoyed the pleasures of dancing until
midnight. The Renno Orchestra was
engaged for the evening' and rendered
selections highly appreciated by the
young admirers of the terpsichorean
art. ;r< :
This initiatory event was marked with
success, and many compliments were
paid the Club for the unison of efforts
and the good time that resulted, j
The Questo Copper Mine.
Articles of incorporation of the
Qusto Copper Mining Company were
filed in Madera county April 11th. The
principal place of business is Jackson;
Amador county, and the directors are:
J. A. Greenwood of Middle Bar, J. T.
Cox and A. Questo of Gwin Mine, R.
C. Bole and A. Caminetti of Jackson.
The officers are as follows: A. Questo,
President; , John T. Cox, Vice-Prest
dent; R. C. Bole, Secretary; Bank of
Amador County, Treasurer; J. A.
Greenwood, General Manager.
Mr. Greenwood will go to Madera
county next week, and will begin sink
ing a shaft May Ist.
The mine is located about twelve
miles northeast of the town of Madera
and one mile from»Dalton station on
the Raymond railroad, and adjoins the
California Copper Company's ground
on the south. The company has an
option on a tract of one hundred acres,
which is entirely undeveloped:. Within
100 feet of the tract, however, there is
a ledge from 30 to 40 feet wide of very
rich ore.. The ledge above mentioned
assays about 24 : per cent, copper and
carries about $4.50 in gold and two to
three ounces in silver. .
The capital stock is $5000, consisting
of 200 shares at the par value of $25 a
share, all of which has been taken.
The stockholders pay $6.25 down' when
they receive the preliminary certificate,'
and an assessment of $6.25 a share per
month will be levied each month until
the full par value Is paid, ' '• J .
Will Give the Grand Ball.
The Native Sons of Jackson, assisted
by the various Parlors of the county,'
are making plans, which, if fully car
ried out, will result in the grandest
ball ever given in Amador county, bar
ring none. The committee of arrange
ments for the ball is composed of R. C.
Rust, B. R. Breese, C. B. Arditto,
and Joseph Garbarini. The ball will
be given in honor of the Grand Parlor
of Native Daughters which will meet in
Jackson June 12th, and continue in
session about four days.
The dancing pavilion, which will
probably be located on the school
grounds, will be nearly 100 feet square,
giving ample room for from 130 to 140
sets of dancers at one time.
A Poet's Lecture.
Love Hall was fairly well filled, last
Tuesday evening, the occasion being
the last lecture of the course under the
management of the Thomas Lyceum
Bureau of San Francisco.
Joaquin Miller, the famous Bard of
the Sierras, delivered his lecture en
titled, "Lessons Not In Books," whioh
was supplemented by an interesting
talk In costume of Klondike and his
trip there and back for W. R. Hearst,
owner of the "Examiner."
The. lecture was entertaining
throughout, many listeners pronounc
ing it tho beat of the course.
Tho "lesson not in books" is some
thing worth knowing as it leads to hap
piness, the priceless jewel of mortal ex
istance. Those not present missed an
intellectual treat. The Poet is still full
of the fire of genius, and It glows and
glows and glows.
Severely Injured.
An Austrian named George Thomas
was quite seriously hurt at the Amador
Queen Mine, No. 1, Saturday morning
of last week. While engaged in load-
Ing a car, the chute door gave way al
lowing several carloads of rock to roll
upon him. Dr. Gall was summoned
and found that his patient had sus
tained a sprained ankle, five scalp
wounds and two broken ribs. He is on
the road to recovery,
Announcement.
I am pleased to announce that I have
opened dental Parlors in the Weil &
Renno building, Jackson, Cat. Hours
from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
P. BOSWORTH AIKEN, D. S. D.
4-27-2t
A new Une of wall paper, of the latest
patterns, can be had at the White
Bouse at San FranoiscQ priow, 2-IQ-tI
* lELStitvite
THE AFFLICTED FROM ALL PARTS OF
California and the Pacific Coast are com-
ing daily to Sacramento to avail themselves of
Dr. Neagle's wonderfully successful treat-
ments. Dr. Neagle has devoted over thirty
years to the study and treatment of diseases of
the eye, ear, head, throat and lungs and the
digestive organs. By his peculiarly successful
methods of treatment Dr. Neagle has gained an
enviable reputation for his skill in the oure of
such oases as have resisted the ordinary modes
of treatment. -
Dr. Neagle and associates treat and cure all
Chronle Diseases and Diseases of the Eye, Ear,
Throat and Lungs, Liver, Heart, Kidney, Blad-
der, Brain Catarrh, Asthma. Rheumatism,
Bronchitis.. Headache, Deafness, - Chills and
Malaria, Skin Diseases, Neuralgia, Diabetes,
Dyspepsia, Dropsy. Eczema, Scrofula, Chronio
Diarrhea. Hemorrhoids and Rectal Troubles,
and all forms of Sores, Blood and Wasting
Diseases.
All private and wasting diseases promptly
cored and their effects permanently eradicated
from the system.
Diseases of women and children given special
attention.
Nervous diseases I and nervous prostration
made a specialty. '
Symtom Blank No. 1 sent free.
Consultation, either at the Institute or by
mail, free and strictly confidential.
OFFICE HOURS — 9 to U a. m., 2 to 5 p. m.,
and 7toBp. m. SUNDAYS-10 to 13 a m.
Sacramento Sanitarium or Heagle Initi-
tute located permanently at 724V4 X St., Sac-
ramento. : . -'r, •Ms-lm '
May 2d at Sacramento.
Wednesday, May 2d, the Sacramento
Street Fair and Trades' Carnival Com
mittee wil} devote, to ."Oriental Day,"
and the event will be of much interest
to the - residents of . this section. Ho
Vow, the Imperial Consul-General and
his s«*te, wiir be present and preside
over the • 'March of the " Dragon, ' *
which is a distinctively Chinese ar
rrangement, at which a Dragon over
300 feet, long heads the column and is
borne along by concealed carriers, so
that it appears as if this monster was
actually endowed with life and is mov
ing up the street in all its weird mag
nificence of its own accord. ■'
Was Tendered a Reception.
The Epworth League of the M. E.
church gave a farewell reception last
Monday evening, to Master Rob Rob
ertson, a member of the League, who
is about to take up his residence in
Stockton. A abort programme was
rendered. The pastor, Rev. F. A.
Morrow, on : behalf of the League,
made the presentation speech and
handed to Master Robertson a gold
Epworth League badge in the form of
a watch charm. Master Robertson, in
his reply, expressed his appreciation of
the gift. Ice-cream and cake were
served and a very pleasant hour spent
by the young people, after which good
nights were said and before 10 o'clock
all had wended their way home.
A Distressing Accident.
The home of James Cook, four miles
below lone, is in mourning, caused by
the sudden death of a son aged about
11 years. Last Sunday morning this
lad left home with a gun, intending to
bring in some game. . He was found
about 10 o'clock the same morning
horribly mangled, the entire charge
from his weapon having entered his
breast killing him, no doubt, instantly.
It is supposed' that ' he had crawled
through the fence and turned around
to pull the; gun i through, .which was
discharged during the process, the con
tents entering the body as above men
tioned. The bereaved members of the
Cook family have the heartfelt sympa
thy of the community.
The funeral took place last Monday
and was well attended.
Early Morning Wedding.
The well-known tonsorial artist, Mr.
Frank Valvo, and Miss Louisa Brin
nadelli, both of this place, were united
in marriage at the Catholic church by
flev. Father Gleeson, early last
Wednesday morning. . Immediately
after the ceremony Mr. : and Mrs.
Valvo took a private carriage for
lone en route to San Francisco, where
they will spend their honeymoon.
Later they will return and go to keep
ing, house in the Hepburn residence,
Hamilton tract. Mr. and Mrs. Valvo
have a large circle of friends here, and
their, best wishes go with, them not
only to San Francisco, but all through
the journey of life.
Blew His Head Off.
Last Tuesday, Sidney Trainer, a
miner employed in the Abby L. mine
at' Big Oak Flat, Tuolumne county,
blew, the top of his head oS with a
•riant cartridge in a stope in the mine.
He was formerly of Nevada City, aged
about 28.
Bepublican Club Members.
A special meeting of the Jackson Re
publican Club will be held In Webb
Hall next Monday evening at ' 8
o'clock sharp. Very important busi
ness that must be attended to without
delay.
A Card.
: I, '.take .this means . of • informing
my clients in Amador county that I will
lie absent from the county for a few
months; during my absence my office at
Jackson will be in charge of -Attorney
Fred L. Stewart, who can be found
there every day during business hours.
Mr. Stewart is well known in : the"
county, having practiced law at lone
For the past two years; he was associ
ated with me in San Francisco for three
years, and I can recommend him. as a
prompt, careful, able and trustworthy
lawyer. Respectfully,
4-27-3t . . . Wm. J. McGeb.
The Finest Building Lot*.
Remember that W. P. Peek has the
finest building lots for sale in Jackson.
Terms easy. - See display advertisement
in this paper. 3-2-tf
Get Them Cheap.
Six pair men's no seam Bocks for 25
cents at the annual clearance sale at
the Red Front. :. • •r- 3-6
A. B. Caminetti, proprietor of the
Central Market, has just received a
supply of fancy delicacies— a finer
stock than has ever before been Been In
Jackson. . 4-6tf
■1 think DeWitt's Little Early Risers are the
best pills in the world," says W. E. Lake,
Happy Creek, Va. They remove all obstructions
of the liver and bowels, act quickly and never
gripe. City Pharmacy. - "
Strictly First-Clajs Fresh Fish
Can be bad every Thursday and Friday at
Camlnettl'a Central Markov ■" ft-roFIRST WliQ IN HISTORY.
It. Was Worn by the Daughter of
Baal, King of Israel.
, The first wig mentioned In history
was made of a goat's skin and worn by
the daughter -of Saul, king of Israel.
The first artistic wigs were made In
the south of Italy for the Gaplnlens,
who lived in Apulia and were known
for the luxuries of their toilet These
people were, they say, the first who
painted their faces. This they did with
•he juice of strawberries.
The Persians wore wigs. Xenophon
relates that little Cyrus, when he visit
ed Astyages, his grandfather, whose
eyes were framed hi blue paint and
who wore an enormous wig, threw
himself on his knees and cried, "Ob,
mother, what a beautiful grandfather
I have!" Aglais, a maid of honor, was
so struck by the appearance of the old
gentleman that she remained with As
tyages as a slave.
The Phoenician women, who were
proud of their hair, having been or
dered by. their priests to offer It up on
the altars dedicated to Venus after the
death of Adonis, obeyed, but with mur
muring. Soon after they were consoled
by a Greek merchant who told them
that he would give them the means of
hiding their bald pates under luxurious
cnrls. In his chariot he had hundreds
of wigs of all colors.
Wigs were in vogue in Rome toward
the end of the republic and so well
made that says Ovid, "no man could
know if his wife had uny hair at all be
fore she had given him an opportunity
of seizing her by the tresses."
Teutonic peasants were the provid
ers of blond hair for rich Roman prin
cesses, who loved the contrast of its
flaxen hue with their black eyes. They
even had mornlnu - wigs, small and
tightly curled, of nuy color, and they
kept the beautiful fair ones to receive
their admirers at night Missallna had
150 wigs to disguise herself.—Cincin
nati Commercial Tribune.
Carried Her Point and Pet.
It is said by a cynic of the mascu
line gender that a man never yields
when he knows he Is In the right nor
a woman when she is equally certain
she is In the wrong. In an Amster
dam avenue car the other day, while
the conductor- was forward collecting
fares, a woman, - followed by a large
English bulldog, entered and seated
herself. .■
"Madam," said the conductor, "dogs
are not allowed In these cars." I
"I am going to Fifty-seventh street.
Here Is my fare," was the answer.
"I cannot take It madam. It is as
much as my position Is worth to let
that dog ride in this car."
"Here is my fare." - • .
"1 must enforce the rule. It would
be better to get off quietly; otherwise
I shall have to call an officer."
"I've taken the dog in these cars be
fore."
"Only dogs that can be carried are
allowed to ride In these cars."
"Come, darling, get In mother's lap,"
she said to the beast and after consid
erable effort she succeeded In drag
ging "darling" upon her knees. She
flashed a look of scorn at the con
ductor and exclaimed, "Now, aren't
you ashamed of yourself ?"— New York
Herald. ;
A Question of Clocks.
Which is the best, a clock that is
right only once a year, or a clock that
Is right twice every day? "The latter."
you reply, "unquestionably."
Very good, reader; now attend. 1
have two clocks; one doesn't go at all
and the other loses a minute a day,
which would you prefer? "The losing
one," you answer, "without a doubt"
Now observe. The one which loses
a minute a day has to lose 12 hours, or
720 minutes, before It is right again;
consequently' lt is only right once In
two years, whereas the other Is evi
dently right as often as the time It
points to come round, which happens
twice a day. So you've contradicted
yourself once. ."Ah, but" you say,
"what's the use of Its being right
twice a day, if I can't tell when the
time comes?"
Why, suppose the clock points to 8
o'clock, don't you see that the clock Is
right at 8 o'clock? Consequently when
8 o'clock comes your clock Is right
"Yes, I see that," you reply.
Very good; then you've contradicted
yourself twice. New get out of the dif
ficulty as you can, and don't contradict
yourself again if you can help it' ? —
"Lewis Carroll Picture Book."
How He Discovered Her.
."Yes," said a noted detective, "I have
seen a great many queer things in my
experience."
"Discovered a good many gigantic
frauds, I suppose?" ventured an ad
mirer.
"Well, I should say so," was the re
ply. "But, between you and me, the
most complete piece of deception 1 1
ever saw was a woman, young, pretty
and, I would have sworn, an angel."
"But she wasn't?"
"I should say not She has a temper
Uke a whirlwind, and when she gets
wild the very earth seems to shake." (
"Good gracious! And how did you
manage to discover her true charac
ter?"
"Well, I— ahem! The fact is, I mar
ried her!"
They Sfarrr Voting:.
The Boer youth weds extremely
young. His education Is over and be Is
considered a man of business when he
Is 16. His bride does not come to him
portionless, but usually with a dowry
consisting of cows, goats and sheep, a
span of oxen and a quiet riding horse.
'Xo each child that Is born a well to do
Boer likes to assign certain farm stock
as a "nest egg" for a future dowry or
as a start hi life.
Their Little Weaknesses.
"Nations and women are a good deal
alike."
"In what way?"
"Well, when one woman gets a new
hat her neighbor wants to go right
away and get a better one, and when
one nation builds a new warship all
the others start right out to get bigger
ones."— Chicago Times-Herald.
\
Cold Comfort.
Mr. Perm— Sir William Thompson
says that the end of the world will not
be brought about by fire, but by frost,
and that the finality will come in 10,
000,000 years.
Mr. Pitt— lf there Is any comfort In
.that, It Is cold comfort.— Plttsburg
Chronicle-Telegraph.
In a map of China recently published
by the China Inland mission It Is point
ed out that it Is wrong to speak of the
"Yang-tse Kiang river," as kiang
means river.
Some husbands suggest nothing bo
much as that more or less backbone
came away, with the rib that woman
■was made of.— Detroit Journal.
, :■'■:;-■ -^ *--.-■ ■■■■■ :>ii*rrssn?: %
A. Difference of Opinion. - •
The fat man is sure he has paid his :
fare to the conductor. He Is positive
on this point, because he had only a
nickel, and it has passed from his pos
session.
The conductor is also positive, with
no actual proof therefor, that the fat
man has not contributed his mite to
swell the coffers of the corporation.
He demands the fare.
The fat man for obvious reasons re
fuses.
He announces in a bleat of rage that
he'll see the conductor and the corpora
tion elsewhere before he yields.
The other passengers are wild with
joy. They have no particular love for
the corporation, they do not know the
fat man, and if they met the conductor
again they would not look at him.
Passengers seldom do. They are loyal
Americans.
Behind the fat man's underlying
principle there Is knowledge of a six
mile walk, an angry wife, a cold sup
per and a neglected euchre party. He
announces again that he will see the
conductor elsewhere. Ha does.
He sees the conductor in the street.
The fat man is with him.
The fat man's hat Is in the gutter,
his coat is torn and myriad packages
are strewn over the field of battle.
The car and the conductor fade from
sight, and the fat man gathers up his
bundles for the six mile walk.
Will he sue the corporation for $500,
000? He will not He remembers that
he spent the nickel for a Queen of the
Backwoods cigar.— Chicago Democrat
The White House Hall Box.
"An amusing thing that we frequent
ly see at the White House," said one
of the attaches there, "is the mailing
of letters In the White House letter
box by. visitors to the city. All visitors
to Washington go to the ' executive
mansion, and many of them notice the
letter box In the vestibule just before
entering the east room. Some of them
decide to mail letters there, believing
that these letters will contain the
stamp of the White House. Of course
It would be a great thing for a distant
relative to receive a letter postmarked
at the White House.
"The other day an intelligent looking
woman, accompanied by several grown
daughters, asked me to lend her a pen
cil. I heard her say, 'Won't it be love
ly to mail them a letter from here and
let them see that we've been to the
president's home?' She proceeded to
write for some time, secured an envel
ope, addressed It and then proudly
dropped the epistle In our letter box.
She went off with a radiant face. She
was sure that all her neighbors and
friends for miles around would bear of
that letter mailed from the White
House, and she would be besieged with
Inquiries on her return. She'll learn
her mistake. The letter box here docs
not differ in any way from those on
the streets." — Washington Star.
Made It a Burlesque.
Franklin Fyles recalls some amusing
first night experiences in his article on
"The Theater and Its People" in The
Ladles' Home Journal. One be relates
Is of Laura Don, now dead: "She bad
the role of an Egyptian princess in
'Fresh, the American.' . It was intend
ed that she should be seriously and
sentimentally Impressive, while the
late John T. Raymond, the star of the
company, should be contrastingly com
ical as the lover. But the audience
would not have it so. Nor was it any
thing in Miss Don's appearance, for
she was beautiful, nor In her acting,
for it was clever, that made the people
laugh. It came of a miscalculation by
the author. The quick witted woman,
seeing that she could not control the
audience, resolved to humor It. By an
exaggeration of speech and manner
she turned the part into burlesque,
and It was always after acted in that
way."
Mr. Fyles also tells that "in 'Cleopa
tra,' as produced by the late Fanny
Davenport a general should have giv
en to bis queen an impetuous account
of a battle which he bad won. But he
stood wordless, silent, stuck fast 'You
have come to tell me,' Miss Davenport
said and then went on with the narra
tive which he should have spoken."
The Iceland Dinner.
In Iceland the native's dinner usual
ly consists of dried fish and butter.
The fish Is ling or cod, which, when
caught, is split open and then hung on
the lines by the seashore to dry in the
cold winds and hot sun. When thus
preserved, they . will keep for years,
being as bard as the nether millstone.
When wanted for dinner, the fish is
well hammered by a stone mallet and
then cut up Into strips. In this state
Jt Is eaten, but it Is said that it
needs an Icelander's teeth to get
through the meal. The butter is not
spread on the fish, but the two are
taken alternately, first a mouthful of
fish, then a mouthful of butter. It
may easily be supposed that the Ice
lander Is thankful to have his jaws
well greased after every mouthful of
the tough morsel.
Bis Resentment.
A Memphis young lady who is very
fond of her sister's little child, a boy
of 2 or 3 years, who is visiting her now,
was trying yesterday to get him to let
her "fix him up" tp have his photo
graph taken. She got her curling tongs
and was trying to coax him to let her
curl his hair. But with true boyish
disgust at the idea of having his hair
treated Uke a girl's he refused to sub
mit to the process. She insisted, how
ever, and offered him every kind of
bribe, but in every Instance he refused
to allow her to do what she wished,
and finally, becoming tired of her at
tempt to get him to submit, he sat
down, crossed his legs and looked up at
-her very seriously and said:
"Auntie, I tell yon what I'll do. I
won't take a dollar to let you curl my
hair, but I'll give you a dollar If you
just go away and let my hair alone."—
Memphis Scimitar.
Well Regulated Parents.
"Our little Dick makes very clever
conundrums — really very clever."
"Can you guess them?"
"Oh, we never dare do that Little
Dick wants to tell the answers him
self."—lndianapolis Journal.
Wrong.
A photographer does wrong who
takes such a picture of a girl that she
will make herself unhappy all the rest
of her life trying to look like It.—De
troit Journal.
Tro«t.
Hoax— l believe everything my wife
tells me.
Joax— On general principles?
Hoax— Yes; 1 think every man should
believe about half he hears, and I pre
fer to believe the better half.-Ph-Ja
delpbla Record.
In Madagascar silk Is the only fabric
used In the manufacture of clothing.
It is cheaper than llaeu la Ireland.
THE.AMADOB IiEDaER; JACKSON. CALITORNIA. FKIDAY. APRIL 27. 1900.
THE REGENT DIAMOND.
It Is Acknowledged the Most Perfect
Brilliant In Existence.
The "Pitt" (or "Regent," as it was
afterward called) is the most perfect
brilliant in existence, and its history is
also very remarkable. It is said to
have been f ounil by a slave in the Par
teal mines in 1701, who to retain his
treasure cut a bole in the calf of bis
leg, in which he concealed it, although
U is more probable he secreted it
linong the bandages. The slave es
caped to the coast with his find, where
he encountered an English skipper,
whom he made his confidant, offering,
Indeed, to bestow upon him the stone In
return for his liberty. • The mariner,
apparently consenting to the slave's
proposal, took him out to sea and when
there drowned him, after obtaining
possession of the diamond. Disposing
of the gem to a diamond merchant for
£1,000, it Is said the man afterward
hanged himself in a fit of remorse. . •
Mr. Pitt, governor of Fort St. George
and great-grandfather of the illustrious
William Pitt, became the next pos
sessor of this valuable stone, weighing
410 carats, for £20,000. He sent it to
London, where he had it very skillfully
cut at a cost of £5,000, the process oc
cupying two years. Pitt appears to
have found his diamond no very envia
ble possession, for. after refuting the
calumnies, of his enemies, who had
charged him with having obtained It
by unfair means, be was so haunted by
the fear of being robbed that he never
slept two nights consecutively under
the same roof, never gave notice of his
arrival in or departure from town and
went about mysteriously disguised. He
must necessarily have felt greatly re
lieved when he parted with the dia
mond to the Due d'Orleans, regent
during the minority of Louis XV, king
of France, in 1717 for the sum of £135,
000.—Chambers* Journal.
MINERS AND MORPHINE.
\ Necessary Custom Which In Sot
Pleasant to Contemplate.
"When I was In the northwest," said
:i gentleman with some money invested
In mines, "I employed a prospector to
go out into the mountains looking for
properties which had been recommend
ed to me. One day he was to have
jtonu from our camp over Into a very
rough and rocky district but when
evening came he reported that he
baJn't made the trip.
" 'Why not?' I inquired.
" 'Because I didn't have my mor
phine with me,' be responded in a very
matter of fact manner. .
" 'Morphine!' said I In astonishment.
'What has that got to do with it? You
are not a morphine fiend, are you?'
" 'Not as much of a one as you are a
tenderfoot,' he laughed and proceeded
to inform me that every prospector
who knew his business always carried
with him enough morphine to kill a
man easily and that he did so in order
to end himself quickly in case of an ac
cident which would disable him far
away from assistance. There were
many Instances of prospectors falling
over cliffs and crippling themselves or
breaking a leg In a hole among the
rocks or rendering themselves helpless
In some other way, and death was sure
to follow by starvation or freezing or
In some sections by being devoured by
wolves or other wild animals. Iv order
to prevent such a horrible death as any
of these the prospector simplified mat
ters by always carrying a. little packet
of morphine, which not only quieted
the pain of the hurt he had sustained,
but put him to sleep pleasantly to
wake no more on earth. - It struck me
at first as uncanny, not to say wicked,
but I got over that feeling after a nar
row escape or two, and I carried my
little tin box just like a veteran would."
—Washington Star.
An Absentmln'ded Professor.
I have a story. of a gentleman now
engaged in educational work which Is,
I think, somewhat remarkable and is
also quite true. This gentleman was
once professor of mathematics In a
fine New England college. He was
greatly Interested in the work and de
voted himself so wholly to It that a
natural tendency which be had to ab
sentmlndedness became much accen
tuated.
One day when he had guests at din
ner and was helping them to fish from
a platter he took a plate bottom side
up, put a fish on the bottom of the
plate and banded It thus to one of the
guests. There was a laugh at once,
and his wife said, "My dear, if your
absentmindedness has gone so far that
you are serving people food on the bot
toms of plates, I shall Insist on your
resigning your professorship."
. She did insist on It, and he resigned
and went Into another and more gen
eral field of teaching. He is still a lit
tle inclined to be forgetful— like some
of the rest of us— but he has never
since served food on the bottom of a
plate.— Boston Transcript'
His Answer Was Reassnrlna;.
Mgr. Calino, the simple hearted and
Ingenuous Frenchman, happened to be
riding in a train in the same compart
ment with a lady who was in constant
fear of a smashup.
At every sudden stop, every jar, ev
ery sound of the bell or whistle, she
cried out:
"Oh! Oh! Have wo run off the
track? Is It a collision? Are we going
to be Wiled?"
Calino paid no attention, but remain
ed wrapped In solemn silence. Pres
ently the lady said to him:
"And you, sir, aren't you afraid of
railroad accidents?"
"ls'o|t I, madame," answered Calino
reassuringly. "It has been foretold
that I am to die on the guillotine!"
The nervous woman went into hys
terics and had to be removed from the
train at the pest station. — Youth's
Companion.
At the Theater.
Fuddy— What do you laugh at that
old Joke for? When I told It to you
three months ago, you didn't even
smile, and now you laugh at it as
though you would die.
Duddy— Yes, I know; I paid to get in
here, and I'm bound to make the most
of my pioney'g worth.— Boston Tran
script.
Abasing His Privileges.
"Dauber says he Is wedded to bis
art."
''He evidently thinks be is, or he
wouldn't mistreat her sp shamefully."
—Chicago Becord.
Their First Stepa.
"A man goes wrong," said the social
sage, "from pure cussedness; a woman
out of mere curiosity."— Philadelphia
North American.
If all the money In the world were
divided equally among the people, each
person would get about $30.
Kissing the bands of great men was
t Grecian custom.
CADENZA.
Sing not to me, iweet.
The gong that is sorrow.
Hearts that are young beat
With joy of tomorrow.
Gilding the kind che*t
With bliss that they borrow.
Hearts that are old fear
. Thought of lost gladness.
Not for the duller ear
itualc of sadness. "' .-;.
Out and alas, dear,
Memory is madness! '
•-Harriet Prescott Spofford in Woman'! Boms
Companion. : : ■ : ■ ■ . :
ODD TOWN OF CULLODEN.
The Liquor Element "Engineered'
the Antls Out of the Village.
"I reckon we've got the oddest town
In our state that there is in the_United
States," said a West Virginia man.
"Ever hear of Culloden? I don't mean
the clans of Culloden described by the
poet Campbell. I mean Culloden, W.
Va. Well, sir, about half the popula
tion of the town doesn't live In the
town and can't vote in the town, al
though they are right in the town.
"I'll explain. The good people, and
they are in the majority, too, are down
on saloons and liquor In any shape.
They got. up a temperance meeting and
purposed to drive the liquor men out of
town. When you find a West Virgin
ian who believes In liquor, you find a
man who is ready to fight for It The
liquor people got together and In some
way got the confidence of the town en
gineer. I don't know whether be was
a liquor man or not, but they got him
on their side. The engineer discovered
that the town was not laid out right
and be got authority to change the
metes and bounds. When he finished
the job, the temperance people found
out that they, lived lust outside of the
line of the town, no matter what pnrt
of the town their bouses were In. A
man could stand in hla back yard and
talk to the man whose place was right
up against bis place and who was a
voter, but the first man bad lost his
vote.
"The lines of the engineer excluded,
as I have said, the temperance people.
It took in the license folk all righf.
The map of Culloden as It is now looks
a good deal Uke a sheet of paper after
a fly with Ink on Its feet meanders
across It. Yon can tell how a citizen of
Culloden stands on the liquor question
by the pU:ce where he builds a bouse,
If he bnlVis one, which doesn't often
occur. In spite of Its zigzag bounda
ries, however, Culloden Is a contented
community."— New York. Sun.
A Palnfal Memory.
A lady who lives on Morgan street
took her 5-year-old son to a photog
rapher's to have his picture taken.
She was anxious to secure a good like
ness at this particular sitting because
she wished to distribute the pictures
among some friends who were then
her guests. }':.
The child's idea of the affair, how
ever, did not apparently harmonize
with . that of his mother, for when
the man with the camera began to ad
just the lens and direct it toward little
Edward that young person set up what
was unquestionably a howl.
In vain did the mother call into use
her utmost forensic abilities. Edward
did not want his picture taken.
"Why, my child," she said soothing
ly, "the gentleman won't hurt you.
Just smile and keep still a moment,
and it will be all over before you know
it" j
"Yes, I know, mamma," whimpered
the youth, with the tears running
down bis cheeks, "but that's what you
told me at the dentist's."— St Louis
Post-Dispatch.
THE SAMPLE FIEND.
It Takes Lots of Material to Snpply
the Sampler's Demands.
Coming suddenly upon a salesman in
a retail store who had a number of
yard long lengths of new piques liber
ally sprinkled with those little price
rags (the pins all stuck through the
several thicknesses and bent down),
one understood all at once t'e full Im
port of the demands of the sample
fiend. Marked off evenly like a check
erboard, with 17 price tags lengthwise
and sevfn to the width, which made
119 to the yard, the salesman was go-
Ing over the lot with a pencil, setting
down the width and price on each.
At one store the one who Is at the
head of each stock attends to the pre
paring of the samples of his particular
stock. Thus the pique camples would
be cut by one, samples of swlss by an
other, of organdie' by another, and so
on. In the silk department one man,
who Is kept for the purpose, does it all.
And It takes all bis time.
For people from a distance who do
their buying by mail this is of course a
very good method. But the part to
which all sane people take exception
Is the senseless sampling of those who
wander aimlessly about, evidently
gathering samples as a thoughtless
child sometimes pulls twigs in passing
bushes. The worst of it is we have to
pay for this senseless woman's foolish
ness, it being often observable that the
biggest samplers are the smallest buy
ers. One clerk says that he has actual
ly seen thrown upon the sidewalk the
samples given to a woman after show
ing her his whole stock, her purchase
being ostensibly postponed because of
her fear that the goods will not match
something or other.
The time is past when these scraps
went to feed the insatiate crazy quilt
flends..— Philadelphia Record.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦»
LOTS ...
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»»♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦
S S The Meehan Property will be
5* J subdivided Into building lots and
S * sold for CASH OR INSTALLMENTS.
♦»♦ »f »»S»»»f »♦» 5 Will be laid out In blocks, with
- _ J 50-foot streets and 25-foot alley-
| /It | 2 ways. Each lot can be reached
9 !"""§ 6 iwJf © • at front or rear bYb V wagon. One
JL \y Ik 2 maln street from Volcano road
«♦»»♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦»» * west of .Calvin's house; one east
0 J of Median's house; and one west
O 2 °f Keeney's property, to reach' the
© 2 property . . . . .
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»
Sia n b-^ For further particulars apply to
ALL NEIL A> MAC 9 UARRIE
Spagnoli Building, Summit Street
'-{ . MISCELLANEOUS. -
#»♦♦»♦»»»♦♦»«»••»>♦•♦♦•»»»
*' i '
!: It Is True ;;
* ' < '
i i That We Keep the Best i i
i j Quality of Drugs and i !
I the Largest and Most ::
i: Complete Variety Stock ::
| In the County. ::
I A Host of Patrons Will::
j| Tell You This and Will j j
; • Direct You to |ii
j I CITY 11ACY.J
', I ROBERT I. KEBR [ ]
. > Main Street >'■'*"'' "\% JACKSON i !
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦»♦♦♦♦•♦♦♦♦»♦»
LEDGER'S CLUBBING RATES.
Ledger and Daily Call, one year 87 50
Ledger and Weekly Call, one year 3 60
Ledger and Daily Bulletin, one year ..... 6 50
Ledger and Semi-Weekly Bulletin, 1 ye'r 4 20
Lodger »nd Weekly Bulletin, one year... • 3 90
Ledger and Daily Chronicle, one year 7 70
Ledger and Weekly Chronicle, one year . 3 60
Ledger and Weekly Examiner, one year. 3 60
Ledger and Daily Examiner, one year ... 8 30
Ledger and N. Y. Weekly Tribune, 1 ye'r 3 00
Ledger and N. Y. Tri- Weekly Tribune, ly 3 50
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Magazine, 1 yr 3 35
Ledger and S. F. Weekly Post, one year. 3 00
Ledger and McCall's Magazine, one year 2 75
Ledger and St. Louis Globe Democrat, ly 3 00
Ledger and • Twico a AVeck," one year . . 300
««~ The above rates are strictly in advance. ;
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Importud and Domestic
Wines*Liquors*Cigars
: JACKSON. CAL. •
- ■ -■'- '•::■.-.
"I^ISTRJBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
JL» tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon, White Seal
aud Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros.',
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries; Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres,
liordeaux. Clarets and Saut^rnes: CANADIAM
CLUB WHISKY, Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ited, Walkerville, Ontario, Canada; John de
Kuyper & Zoon, Rotterdam, Gin; GilkaKuem-
tnel, from J. A. .Gilka, Berlin; Barthloomay
Hrewery Company, Rochester N. V., Knicker-
bocker Beer: Dogshead Brand of Guinness'
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London); Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ala: Naglee Brandy; Reimported American
Whiskies. .
A. LIEBHARDT
UPHOLSTERER lI GARPETLAYER
Water Street, Jackson
PARLOR SUITS LOUNGES AND MAT-
trcssns made to order and repaired. Car-
pets taken up and relald.
S s~pHERE is a certain stylish ef- g
■2 J feet about garments made 3»
4 from these Celebrated Pat- S
■5 terns that Is not attained by the §
;B use of any other patterns. 9j
I MS CAhhgfitik
aßAZar* hpBs9B
1 f ATTERNSW
3 (No-Seam-AllowancePatterns!^^^^
*£ Have not an equal for style and perfect 3*
HE tit. Easy to understand. Only loand 15 S*
"?J cts. each— none higher. Sold in nearly 5;
;£ every city and town, or by mail. Ask for Se
*B them. Get a Fashion Sheet and see our 2»
£5 designs. Absolutely the very latest styles. 3C
§ A FREE PATTERN 1
•S of her own selection will be Riven ig
35 every subscriber to £
fMSCAU'S^r
I MAGAZBNEW
•S One that every lady should take regu- ! ■
% larly. Beautiful colored plates ; latest J »
Sj fashions; dressmaking economies ; fancy jg
«5 work : household hints ; Action, etc. Sub- 5*
•S scribe to-day, or, send sc. for latest copy. S •
«S Lady agents wanted. Send for terms. J ■
I THE McCALL CO., I
g 138-146 West 14th St., New York, g
L. OETTINGER . 8. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry S Machine Shop
Sutter Creek, Cal. .
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
and complete stock of bar, renned and Norway
iron, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc., which we will
sell at the LOWEST CASH PRICES.
j MISCELLANEOUS ADVERTISEMENTS. i&H£
Mc^RsMagazine
Will contain TWENTY-TWO FULL-PAGE
BEAUTIFUL COLORED PLATES— more
than iooo exquisite, artistic and strictly up-to-
date FASHION designs — a large number of
short stories and handsome illustrations — , l
fancy work, hints on . dressmaking and sugges-
tions for the home.
With Amador Ledger
Only $2.75 a Year
And each subscriber receives a FREE PAT-
TERN of her own selection — a pattern sold by
most houses at 25 cents or 30 cents.
I Stationery and Novelties |
I FREEMAN'S VARIETY STORE |
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••I
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION-^
A Made From SELECTED WHEAT
& Blended According to Our Own Formula
M Producina Perfect Results and
4< Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
I Sweet to the Palate's Touch and
c— — — PIONEER FLOUR MILLS. SACRMEHIO- — -•
liNulol J|l |npnAU 7Q7 Q xips^^ AA A A
UK DAN Hin \ Jismwi- EADWG DE ALERsJllfg|k W
v t i »» WK%!smr vmm MANUFACTURER ;Kiik 19
DON'T BE A ri fllVs iMrtffii
• . : And take some other kind because a little
cheaper. Best is always cheapest in the end, and the Jordan "AaAI " Cutlery
is "It." For sate by the leading dealers everywhere.
I E. GINOCCHIO ■& BROTHER |
2 .-■;;:/. Wholesale and Retail Dealers In - •
General Merchandise * • • • .
• - ■ : Water Street, Foot of Broadway, Jackson • "
5 "\ir X TAKE PLEASURE IN INFORMING OUR PA- .5
-. tt trans and the public generally that we have on hand a- Z
m vcr S choice selected stoch of DRY GOODS of all kinds, GRO- i
■ Z CERIES AND PROVISIONS, CLOTHING. BOOTS AND Z
Z SHOES. We particularly direct the attention of the public Z
Z to the fact that we Uccp on hand the largest assortment of S
Z IRON AND STEEL to be found in Amador county. Also a a
Z superior assortment of all kinds of HARDWARE, such as i
J- Carriage Ilolts. Screws, Nuts, Nails, and. in fact, everything Z
\ Z the market demands. We are sole agents for the celebrated Z
Z HURCULES POWDER, of which which we shall constantly S
2 • keep on hand a large supply. - •
[the new I
NATIONAL HOTEL"* —
(£)JSsifc— ' Foot of Main Stheet
JACKSON, CAL.
000 o o o FIRST-CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS FOR TRAVELERS AT REASONABLE PRICES
. k Sample Room for Commercial Travelers
— " .^ Rooms Newly Furnished Throughout . . A
I Table Supplied With the Best in the Market ~*lf~
I BAR Supplied With the Finest Brands of T
\ Wines Liquors and Cigars
IF 1 . -A.. T7"OOI5I3:e:IS, IlPxopxietox
LAW AND ABSTKACT OFFICE
AMADOR COUNTY ABSTRACT COMPANY ♦ ♦ ;
The Only Set of Abstract Books (Property System) in
Amador County •
— — George I. Wright, Sole Owner
Office;— Spagnoli Building, Courthouse Square, JACKSON. CAL.
.Prompt Attention and Accurate Information Given to Letters of Inquiry.
- ..-■ ABSTRACTS OF MINNS PROPERTIES A SPBCIAITY ~V^ «•!•«
, : i ; » . [MISCELLANEOUS.*
THE LONDON
WOOLEN MILLS
J. H. HEITMAN
FINE TAILORING
Price list as Follows : !
LONDON WEST OF ENGLAND .
BROADCLOTH SUIT. MOID
LONDON CLAY WORSTED, in Blue I
and Black . 40 00 f
NEW ENGLAND WASHINGTON
MILLS CLAY WORSTED, - blue-
black JeM to 35 00
GERMAN CREPE DRESS WORSTED. 35 00
FRENCH BLACK PIQUE «25 to 35 00
LONDON BLACK DOESKIN SUIT... 35 00
WASHINGTON MILLS GRAY. WORS-
TED SUIT, to order ..?30t035 00
FINE ASSORTMENT IN TWEED -\
SUITING .....$l5 to ttOO f
LATEST STYLE OF ENGLISH AND
AMERICAN TROUSERING 14 to 13 00 .
600 J Street , Corner Sixth, SACBAMEHTO
OUR TASTE HAMS
Sweet, Juicy and Tender.
We live but once—
Why not live well and enjoy lifeV
HALL, LUHRS & CO
i Wholesale Grocers and
Provision Dealers
- Sacramento. Cal.
■ ■ • ■- • :
A $4.00 BOOK FOR Tscts.
The Farmers' Encyclopedia.
■^^9 - - Everything? per™
KsSljlgHjjjJKjSiJiplpJVjii' t.rucss articles on
EjflrtMgMj&jjJy&S^iyi^v. cnHis of the horse,
Hsjiiii-UeflßhlPSlyfei^KScll the farm, grasses,
yUffijra]tlSP®RsycpWi|| |li fruit culture, dairy-
t^B*TT^3aliBsff^lll^JggJ'] ius.cookery. health,
fMnij3sHl!|3Ou*§<¥^'i! cattle, thevp.swiue,
B!3p£3i '?<??§§*? I <io %' toilet, social
ssiS3^ shP^KS ! ot " ' tt * ie ""*' com-
RSNyS?s5»!**S» ; i| P*" s '" B i Q existence.
B'lßftSiSfSi^'^ A large book, Sxi%
■J*£Srrfesinft l »>S^^^ pngt-s, fully lllub-
IffcHrfyaßllgS^^ trated, bound in
■^^■■B^' ing and equal to
other books costing
11.00. ' If you desire this book send us our special
offer price, $0.75, and J0.20 extra for postage and
we will forward the book to you. If it is not satis-
factory return it and we will exchange it or refund
your money. Send for our special illustrated cata-
logue, quoting the lowest prices on books, WE.
We can save you money. Address all orders to
THE WERNER COMPANY,
Plbllllurs and M«nafictax«ri. :." AfrOll, OhlO.
[The W.rner Company b thoroughly reliable.]— Editor.
ffi Visit DR. J3F.£p's Great i
jfgißiusc-iis Gf £r,aioiay f
I WraiOal KISEU 1 E2. Sot 6ft & 7ti, C. r. CiL f
Ift Hill Tlw I-arcV'.'!" i!o4 IE tin World. A
1 UtjttW T! IB W!;, .:.- :H ■.■<:; ti«-w CpctflDens. \
U I ' u;iwilßA ' M "' ' X*K * l *°' ; ■* r!tilt '* Jon are m*d« S
s\l lan-ltaowto »r*W »n *!*?*» abd dueaaft* Jf jroa \
B ff mtfp.-r froto :■-' f. i ;:.. !.!■» r.r :» n. c-mc to the A
CutxuttvliM'lr u&i.-l -t ,- 1-j^lvT.;.- *! r* i-i-k-pi [n rM.n- V
allynrhy Mirr. sVT--.;«« : tN -.lilj -j:a'iical«l A
from lb# amtrm w!;«oii: !..:'■• ~*j-i«-ut >. -- m
f.vinv xt.\-i D;,:-.ii; -o vj ..,:i itoetre ew \
Honest opinion cfM* Ma»t it'pt. * m
Wo triU Cnm«i a ro.ilrrVE crLßtn inrvtui \
M undertoU, or IhrMl «>«.• T!.,n-.;,.a Dollar*. A
Write for Donk— !*ilkloi-<:i h v otMiarriage, V
HAO.VD raas. (A T«laabi« b*K>s fnr mro. ) • A
DB.JORDAN>VCO..IOSIHnrketSt.aF. 9
TO THE UNFORTUNATE
Jw^'^awffM^ Tliis old reliable and
ffißs^ygs*f!^s£i!jjm thomost successful spe-
faJf*M f^"^¥s Q-i clalist in S;m Francis- '
Rffrm I%'' -£lofim I'ostillcuntinues tocure -
■n&lasMH^iKli a>l Sexual and Seminal
#ig.4jßrcSi^HNXVw Discuses. such as Ghon-
2SSHSKofcJ»p\i^ orrhca.Gleet. Stricture,
Skin Diseases, Nervous
|JS^fiPB£3iCT*^Ks!i;:* Seminal Weakness. and
•n«*v ibm ii inssMfe**^ Loss or Manhood, the
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counte-
nance, dark spots under the eyes, pain in the
head, ringing in the ears, loss of confidence,
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitation
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and back,
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs,
consumption, etc. .
DR. GIBBON has practiced in San Francisco
over 37 years, and those troubled should not .
fail to consult him and receive the beneQtof -
his great skill and experience. The doctor
cures when others fail. Try him. Cures guar-
anteed. Persons cured at home. Charges reas-
onable. Call or write. . -
Dh. J. F. Gibbon, 625 Kearney street, San
Francisco, Cal.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
: it's Not 5
• Expensive=# I
• It's the quality that's high in Tea •
• Garden Drips, Toboggan Maple •
• Syrup and Pelican Louisiana Mo- •
• lasses. c
• For sale by tirst-class grocers in •
• cans only. Money refunded if the •
• goods are not satisfactory. Don't *
• accept an imitation. See that the •
• manufacturer's name is litho- •
• , graphed on every can. •
S Pacific Coast 5
m Byrup Company ♦ Z
m 717719 Subsome street, San Francisco J
•••••••••••••••••••••••a**
<w%vwv%wvwt«vyw%vww*vn
! anything you invent or improve; also get!
; CAVEAT.TRADE-MARK, COPYRIGHT or DESIGN '
I PROTECTION. Send model, sketch, or photo. |
i for free examination and advice. • . i
iBQOX ON PATENTS Sffiii
i
; Patent Lawyers. WASHINGTON, D.C. |;