..4800..
Readers Weekly guar
anteed. Books open to
advertisers.
Established November.!, 1855.
Official Directory of Amador County.
State Senator Hon. John F. Davis
Assemblyman Hon. Fred L. Stewart
Superior Judge Hon. R. C. Rust
Sheriff and Tax Collector U. S. Gregory
Deputy Sheriff J. Podesta
County Clerk and Auditor.: C. L. Culbert
Deputy County Clerk B. R.Breese
District Attorney ••••& P. Vicini
Treasurer S.G.Spagnoli
Recorder D. A.Patterson
Deputy Recorder Robt. I. Kerr
Assessor »..John Maichant
Deputy Assessor George F. Mack
Superintendent ot Schools Geo. A. Gordon
Coronor and Administrator..... .Geo. A. Gritton
County Surveyor W. E. Downs
County Physician Dr. A. M. Gall
Steward of County Hospital A. C. Barret t
SUPERVISORS.
Township One M. Newman
Township Two W. M. Amick
Township Three A. B. McLaughlin
Township Four E.B.Moore
Township Five Fred B. LeMoln
The regular meeting of the Board of Super
visors is held on the first Monday of each
month. .Fred B. LeMoin, Chairman.
TOWNSHIP OFFICERS.
TOWNSHIP ONE.
Justice of the Peace '.. ■. ■H. Goldner
Constable H. E. Kay
■ , . township two.
Justice of the Peace James McCauley
Constable J.E.Kelley
TOWNSHIP THREE.
Justice of ths Peace A.W.Robinson
Constable James Lessley
TOWNSHIP FOUR.
Justice of the Peace J-H Giles
Constable : : D. F.Gray
' TOWNSHIP FIVE.
Justice of the Peace i J. Blower
Constable.... William Scoble
LAWYERS.
EA. FRKKMAN
Attorney at Law
JACKSON, CAL.
Office in Marelia building, corner Main and
Court streets. .;.!
"TV B. SPAGNOLI
Attorney and Counselor at Ij»w
Practice in all the States and Federal courts.
Office: Spagnoli building, opposite Hall of
Records.
A CAftHNETH :: '.';
Attorney and Counselor at Law
JACKSON,-CAL.
, - -
Will practice in all tbe States and Federal
courts.
UOKEKI C. BOLE
Attorney at Law
JACKSON, CAL.
Office: Farley building. Summit street.
I^-EIL A. AIACQUAKKIE
Attorney and Counselor at Law
JACKSON, CAL.
Office: Spagnoli block, Courthouse square.
J W. CALDWELL
Attorney at Law
JACKSON, CAL.
Will practice in all courts of the State.
JOHN F. DAVIS
"^ Lawyer.
JACKSON, CAL.
Office on Summit street, opposite Courthouse.
JACOB L. SABGEVT
........ A t tor ney........
JACKSON, CAL.
Office: Marelia building, Court street. Mines
and mining laws a specialtj.
NOTAKIES.
HILDA CLOUGU
■"V-->.
Stenographer anil Notary Public
JACKSON, CAL.
Office: Judge Davis' law offices, Summit
street.
DOCTORS.
J\K. COREY
Physician and Surgeon
Sanatorium 10u9>5 Ninth Street, between
_', • J and X, near J.
All the latest modern appliances. Chronic
diseases. Write for further information. Tel-
ephones—Sunset South 6U81; Capital 919.
SACRAMENTO, CAL.
E'-E. KNDicorr, m. d.
Physician aud Surgeon
JACKSON, CAL.
Office: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times.
TTVB. K. V. LONIGO
Physician and Surgeon
JACKSON, CAL.
Office: Webb building. Main street. Resi-
dence: Broadway near Marre's Hotel.
Telephone Main 463.
pVB. A. M. GALL
Physician and Surgeon
*• > JACKSON, CAL.
Office in Weil & Renno build.ug, Main street.
DENTISTS. ~
r\R. C. A. HEKRICK
Dentist —i^^-
JACfCSON, CAL.
Office in Kay building. Hours from 9a.m. to
& p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS.
—
J.H.LANGHORST
Main Street, Jackson.
—DEALER IN —
AMERICAN WATCHES, CLOCKS,
JEWELRY AND SILVERWARE.
All Goods warranted as represented.
■Repairing of watches, clocks and jewelry a
specialty.
The Amador Ledger.
MISCELLANEOUS.
BANK OF AMADOR COUNTY
Incorporated November, 189 S.
Capital Stock - - $50,000
President • ■'■ - - ' •': Alfonso Ginocchio
Vice-President - S, G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier - - Frederick Eudey
BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
Henry Eudey, S. G. Spagnoli, John Strolmi,
Frederick Eudey and Alex Eudey of Jackson
SAFE DEPOSIT— Safe deposit boxes can
be rented from the Bank of Amador County at
the small expense of 35 cents a mouth, thereby
securing you against any possible loss from fire
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank or
Amador County: you will save 10 per cent and
upwards over postotlice or express. Money
sent to all parts of the United States and also
all parts of the world. We have tbe latest
quotations on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything
to de posit money in the Bank of Amador County.
They receive deposits from $0 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when yon die it can't be found and you are liable
to be robbed while alive. .„• • . ■- - ■
iW ABMTJUT ME?
Half the Land in Amador County
is held under Imperfect Titles.
If you own a lot or ranch, the chances
are there is something wrong with your
title, which can only be remedied by pro-
curing an abstract.
Our office has the only complete set of Abstract
Books in Amador county. We also.Tiave a vari-
ety of plats and maps which enable us to give
AH kinds ot Information about Land in
Amndop County
At the lowest rates. Notorial work done.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Geo. I. Wright & Son,
SpagnoU Building:, Jackson, Cal.
We Want... |
Responsible Agents !j
FOR OUR ENCYCLOPEDIAS, DIC- *
tlonaries. Histories and Standard ' '
Authors. All of our publications are in ' ,'
I complete sets, handsomely bound and {
) Illustrated and are sold on easy instal- X
ments or with liberal discounts for ' '
cash. 1 1,
1 For terms, prospectuses, etc,, write to (
E. D. BRONSON & CO., ! i '
3M Phelan Building, San Francisco, | ;
5-25-ly California. 1;
vIL — - - "-'•■■
globe! hotel
Corner Main and Court Streets,
JACKSON, CAL.'
%
E. ANDERSON, - - Proprietor.
FIRST-CLASS IN EVERY RESPECT.
Special attention paid to commercial travel-
ers. Sample rooms connected with the nouse.
The very best of service guaranteed to patrons.
Good Meals, 25 Cents.
ffi-pjf* Union Stables
» Cm^S.l\ Under Webb Halt +
MAIN STREET - - . - JACKSON, C*L.
• . mA IU !"*»/ Mit Ik] ■"*
-^^^^ ffl. i\ tWiYI.AIM, KPOp*
The Stable equipped with flrst-class stock
and vehicles. Suitable rigs for Commercial
travelers with trunks.
Special Attention Paid * *
* * to Transient Stock.
Large stable and yard for use of teamsters.
Telegrams answered free of cost. £-z3-tf
••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
:L# a. kent......« :
2 Blacksmith *
• " Wagonmaker and •
• Horseshoer *
a Carriage painting and general smith- •
0 ing attended to witn dispatch at c reason- •
9 able rates. WharS's old stand, South 9
• Main street, near National Hotel, •
• Jackson •
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
MSONMUCANCJT
DR.C. A.HERRICK '. President
J. B. FRANCIS First Vice-President
B. F. TAYLOR Second Vice-President
WEBST KR SMITH Third VI e-President
JAMES E. DYE Secretary
J. H LANGHORST Treasurer
Stated meetings the second Monday evening
of each month at 8 o'clock p. in. All Republi-
cans in Jackson and vicinity cordially invited
to attend and sign the roll of membership.
Membership free. All funds raised by volun-
tary contributions.
FIRE ACCIDENT LIFE
L. J. FONTENROSE
General Insurance Agent
and Searcher of Records
_.
Office, Marelia Building, Court Street,
JACKSON, CAL.
Tilt- TnlklnK Miirnnlay.
Macaulay Is an (almost) never ceas
lug talker and pours out the prodigious
stores of learning, wii and eloquence
with sue-li an absorption In his subject
that 1 doubled when I lie.-ud him if lie
would not go on just tbe same If every-
body left the room. Somebody asked
(lie Duchess of Sutherland (after din-
uer at Stafford House) if be liked tbe
society of women and whom be seem-
ed to prefer. She answered. "Oh, he
only looks upon us all in the light of iu-
terruptions."--Lady Granvllle's Hcc-
ards. U ■••-:•■■
Tbe Swedish mile is the longest mile
in tbe world. A traveler in Sweden
when told that be Is only about a mile
from a desired point would better hire
a horse, for the distance be will bave
to walk if be cbose in bis ignorance to
adopt that mode of travel is exactly
11.700 yards. ; ; V
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, JULY 12, lUOI.
POLLY LARKIN
Of all the dainty, captivating, as well
as tantalizing little booklets that have
been gotten out to woo people-rinen,
women and children — from the hum
drum of city life into the cool and shady
retreats of country life, it is the dainly
booklet gotten out by the California
Northwestern Railway Company, and
very appropriately called "Vacation."
From start to finish it is a gem, giving
you a full list of all the summer resorts
and mineral springs, where the broken
down in health people can partake of
the sparkling waters and enjoy a new
lease on life, aud a full list of the sub
urban town aud country homes that
are desirous of varying the monotony of
their quiet life by taking summer board
ers, as well as all necessary information
for those who nothing short of real
camp life and an out and out outdoor
life will satisfy. It gives you over two
hundred places' from which to select
your summer abiding place, with the
various attractions of each place, the
terms, and full directions how to reach
it aud the cost of transportation, be
sides a long lisc of the various hotels in
the towns and their rates per week and
month. In fact this little book, "Va
cation," does all of your thinking and
planning for you. You have only to
glance over it and make your selection.
Did I say glance over it? Well, you
can't do it, for it is gotten up so attract
ively and so beautifully illustrated with
scenes pertaining to the various sec
tions that before you know it the sec
onds that you had taken to glance
over "Vacation" have slipped into
minutes, and the minutes into some
thing like an hour. It is such a fascin
ating little book for pleasure seekers,
and seems to anticipate what you de
sire most. ' It takes you all through the
beautiful Mendocino, Sonoma, Russian
River and Marin valleys into the very
heart of the redwoods and the shady
trout steams teeming with speckled
beauties, and what enhances the latter
to the angler who would rather fish
than eat, these same trout streams
have been replenished by thousands of
little fry from the California North
western Railway Company's own fish
hatchery near Ukiah. But for the
company's efforts the streams would
have long since been robbed of their
finny tribe. As it is, however, there is
still rare sport for the disciples of Isaac
Walton.' A friend who picked up my
little booklet, "Vacation," said: "It's
almost as good as taking a trip, to read
this book, Polly. You can almost im
agine you were already there in some of
the places, and the pictures are so love
ly of the many resorts and recreations
that these places hold in store for the
summer guests. It makes one long to
pack their trunk and get out of the
city on short order." "Vacation" is a
good book to keep for future reference.
Now comes Jules Henrivaux, till
lately director of a gliss manufactory
at St. Gobain, who pit-diets that the
coming or new age is to be glass. Mr.
Henrivaux holds that glass is the best
substance known to use for every kind
of structural purpose, and is especially
adapted for dwelling houses. As there
is an inexhaustible supply of materials
from which glass is made, in its adap
tability to all shapes and forms and its
durability as well as its cleanliness, and
that it can be shaped, colored and deco
rated to an extent of which no other
material is capable, and it is upon this
aspect of the idea that Mr. Henrivaux
allows his imagination to dwell and
builds his castles in the air and fur
nishes them -with chairs and tables all
made of glass, or in other words, vitri
fied materials toughened to the strength
of teak and mahogany. He does not
stop here, however, but cooking uten
sils, plates, cups and saucers will be
made of the same substance. This
house of glass will be absolutely clean
and can be kept clean from horrid
microbes. You can turn the hose on
this glass house aud wash it from garret
to cellar without leaving a trace of hu
midity. Dust will have to seek some
other abode, and the industrious spider
will not be able to spin his dainty lacy
cobwebs, for the polished surface gives
him no chance of swinging his little
hammocks in some convenient corner
out of reach of the thorough house
keeper's broom.
No more can we quote, when that
day comes, "people who live in glass
houses shouldn't throw stones," for it
will be such an every day occurrence
that the old adage will lose its charm
and will be relegated to the musty
archieves of the things that have been.
These glass houses, however, will be
simply a boon to the householder who
rents his property to artistic tenants
who are almost compelled to stick pins
in the wall to carry out the effect of
some dainty ornament that can only
successfully be made use of by means
of the ever handy little pins that are a
terror to the property-owner, who sees
the finely papered walls mutilated by
pins and nails to the extent that they
require repapering for the next tenant.
Polly wonders how these glass houses
would stand the throes of a great earth
quake or even a moderately sized one.
Wouldn't there be a shattering of glass,
though? Glass houses and glass furni
ture may be all right, but Polly prefers
the popular materials of to-day when
It comes to building my castle in the
air, or in other words, my dream home.
I know just how I want it, even as
others before me have done, and all the
accessories that go to make up the little
nook I want to go to make up this
lugleside of my dreams.
Life would not be worth the living if
we could not help those around us
whether it be in word or deed;* It* is
these little acts of kindness that help
us to bear the disappointments and dis
couragements with a brave heart. Jit
does not always require money to cre
ate happinessfor people. I have known
of more than one little body who had
such a bright, encouraging way of t?lk
ing to discouraged and despondent peo
ple that in a short time their fears were
dispelled, their heavy heart was as- light
as thistle-down and they could see the
silver lining to the black clouds
gloomy forebodings that had obscured
all hope. They were ready to gather
their forces together again and hurl de
fiance at the little black demons of ad
versity that had succeeded in making
them believe fate had ordained that
their lives should be failures and they
might just as well surrender to the in
evitable and rest upon their oars in
stead of pulling against' the stream,
knowing that they were but expoutVfle
their strength and making no head
way. There is sure to be a turn in the
tide some time, reasons the encouraging
little body, and the sullen undertow of
the curret called discontent and hope
lessness must give way before the fret
ful river will spring into new life and
go singing and rippling on the way.
BRIEF REVIEW.
Unique Way of Booming a Town.
There is nothing more interesting in
the present-day rivalry for wealth and
power than the methods by which both
individuals and communities seek to
exploit their own interests. If a man
has an enterprise to promote he must
advertise it. If a town wants to grow
it must be boomed. In this age of
hustling competition the race is almost
invariably to the swift and the battle to
the strong. When, therefore, the only
industry of any consequence iv Central
village, Conn., suspended operations,
the leading citizens of the place saw
that something must be done. With
out some effort to prevent it, the town
would move backward. The Inhabit
ants would seek employment else
where and things would go to smash.
A public meeting was held, therefore,
to discuss ways and means of booming
the town, attracting newcomers and
keeping Central village in line with the
procession. Various plans were sub
mitted, a long discussion ensued, and it
was finally decided that the wisest
thing to do would be to build a monu
ment in honor of Eve. It was agreed,
and we think with reason, that a me
morial of that character would attract
newcomers to Central village and make
life in the place worth living. The idea,
however, is not absolutely original. It
has its analogy in the action recently
taken by the residents of a shipbuilding
town on the coast of Maine. After
carefully considering various methods
of booming the place, it was unani
mously resolved that the best way to
do it would be to erect a monument in
honor of Noah, whom the preamble
justly described as the pioneer ship
builder, and as such, entitled to the
grateful recognition of all persons en
gaged in marine architecture.
Twenty-lour Messages Over a Single Wire-
Some important experiments in con
nection with the new telegraph system,
which is said to cheapen considerably
the cost of telegrams, have recently
been conducted by postal engineers be
tween London and Glasgow. The new
apparatus is the invention of a French
engineer named Mercadier, and by its
means it is possible to send twelve sep
arate messages over one wire at the
same time. The system is also capable
of being duplexed by which means
twenty-four separate messages can be
sent at one time over a single wire.
When a message is sent, or when twelve
separate messages are sent, what'hap
pens is this: Twelve currents enter the
wire, each impressed with a distinct
vibration rate. At the receiving sta
tion they pass through a microphouic
receiver, which gives them added
strength. They are then discharged
through twelve receivers. As each of
these receivers only respond to vibra
tions of a certain rate, they select each
current belonging to its own particular
message, but are impervious to all
others. By this means the messages
are accurately sorted out aud kept dis
tinct.
Ship Bounties in Canada.
The Canadian Government hits an
oiler of $750,000 a year standing as a
bonus for a fleet of fast steamers for the
Atlantic service, built in Canada of
Canadian material. In addition to this,
Finance Minister Fielding has an
nounced in Parliament that he lias
offered a number of British shipbuild
ing firms a substantial bonus to trans
fer their plants to Canada and build
ships at Sydney from iron made by a
Canadian company. The subsidy for
operation of the steamers he proposes
to increase also to $1,000,000 a year.
Shadow of the Earth.
The earth has a shadow, but few
ever observe it, or, if they do, have no
knowledge of what they are looking at.
Some of us have seen on beautifnl sum
mer evenings just before sunset a rose
ate arc on the horizon opposite the sun,
with a bluish gray under it. This is
the shadow of the earth.
The recent census of India shows that
Bengal, which has an area of 203,473
square miles — one-quarter less than the
area of Texas — has a population of 74,
713,000, which is equal nearly to that
of the United States.
Three hundred Mediterranean lem
ons yield only ten ounces of citric acid,
against twenty-seven onnces by the
California fruit.
Apple cider is now given in the treat
ment of smallpox patients and with
excellent results.
CURRENT NEWS
CALIFORNIA.
A LAMBDA.
George E. Lund has been appointed
postmaster at Fruitvale.
Despite his cunning attempts to throw
the blame on his wife by hinting of a
confession, William A. Brandes again
stands convicted of causing the death
of his fifteen-year-old daughter Lillian.
The jury returned a verdict finding
him guilty of manslaughter. Braudes
beat his daughter to death November
17,1898.
\ Less than an hour after the Alameda
Board of Education decided, by adopt
ing the report of Expert O. Alexander
Wright, that the Haight school build
ing, on Santa Clara avenue and Chest
nut streets, Alameda, should be sold or
torn down, an. attempt was made to
burn the structure. School Superin
tendent Hughes believes the incendiary
was some crank, who believed he was
doing the city some service, as the old
building, which cost over $25,000, is in
sured for about $15,000.
BUTTE.
The residence, barn and all the out
buildings of N. O. Barham in Chico
Voino, a suburb of Chico, were de
stroyed by fire. The cause was a defec
tive flue. The loss was $3000 and the
insurance $1200.
COLUSA.
Mrs. J. J. Dwyer of Sacramento was
drowned at Grimes' landing, Colusa
county.
CONTRA COSTA.
JD. M. Pits, who fell off a passenger
train at Cornwall, died from his inju
ries. The wheels of one of the cars
passed over his left shoulder. The arm
held to the body by only the ligaments.
FRESNO.
Judge George A. Xourse, one of the
veteran members of the bar of Califor
nia, was found dead on a cot in his
office in Fresno. He had made an ap
pointment to meet his son, John C.
Nourse, on a business matter the after
noon of the day he died. The autopsy
showed that the cause was heart failure.
HUSIBOLDT.
Bishop Hamilton's recent trip to
Humboldt county resulted in the rais
ing of $7000 hi church debts. The debt
on Ferndale church of $6000 was swept
out.
KERN.
The Central Hotel in Kern has been
otally destroyed by fire. Two persons
are known to have lost their lives, two
missing and four are injured. The loss
is estimated at $10,000, on which there
was $3000 insurance. The fire is sup
posed to have been started by the ex
plosion of a lamp in one of the rooms,
and in a moment all avenues of escape
for the inmates were shrounded in walls
of flame. The building was of wood,
two stories in height, and, together
with other buildings of the same ma
terial which surrounded it, burned like
a pine knot. One body has been re
covered from the debris, which was
identified as that of George Clark, a
helper in the Southern Pacific shops,
who came here from Albany, New
York. L. C. Burnger, who had just
returned from the Philippines, is sup
posed to have perished and covered up
in the debris. Two unknown men who
registered at the hotel the night before
the fire are also missing. Their names
cannot be ascertained, as the register
was burned.
LOS ANGELES.
Mrs. Lindley, an aged colored wom
an, was burned to death at Los Angeles,
supposedly by the explosion of a gas
oline stove.
Joseph Arp, a hostler, entered a sa
loon on the corner of Seventh and
San Pedro streets; Los Angeles, called
for a glass of beer and drank it and
almost immediately pitched forward on
the floor dead. An attack of heart dis
ease, superinduced by the hot weather
and cold drink, is supposed to have
caused his demise.
MONTEREY.
Louis A. Garnett, formerly a promi
nent business man of San Francisco,
died at the Tennant Memorial Home,
Pacific Grove, after a brief illness. He
was an authority on finance and coin
age.
James McHolme, on ex-convict, was
arraigned before Judge Lambert in
Monterey on a charge of attempting to
kill his wife, and was held to answer in
the Superior Court. In default of $500
bail he was locked up. McHolme
served four years in San Quentin for
shooting Carl Richter in the eyes, from
which blindness ensued.
MERCED.
A grain fire near Los Banos destroyed
about 1500 acres of wheat and barley,
the property of Z. G. Jame3on, and
4000 acres of grass feed were also de
stroyed. Several persons were pros
trated by overexertion and heat.
MODOC.
Leventon, Eades and Brown were
brought before the Superior Court of
Altunw on a writ of habeas corpus, and
by their attorneys applied for bail, but
were refused by the court. Judge Har
rington would not listen to the argu
ments of attorneys, he refused the men
bail and ordered them returned to jail
MARIN.
the shadow of Bolinas ridge,
where she had lived for the past sev
enty-three years, Mrs. Kamona Briones
Munos, aged 107 years, the oldest white
woman in California, was buried in the
cemetery laid out by her first husband.
Sixty-three living descendants of Mrs.
Munos, who was born one of the wealth
iest women in the State, followed the
body to the grave and five generations
were represented. The scene at the old
cemetery was impressive. From all
the country round, on horseback, in
carriages and on foot the descendants
of the ancient Spanish aristocracy had
journeyed to pay honors to the deceased
pioneer.
MENDOCINO.
A "Baptist preacher at Hollow Tree
in the Jefferson school district, near
Usal, after preaching at Ked Mountain
stepped outside the schoolhouse, and,
throwing off his coat and hat, furiously
attacked Lawrence Williams and Estel
Frazier. Joseph Mitchell only by main
strength kept him from injuring them.
The people ran In terror and the preach
er left for his house, howling aud crow
ing. He is believed to be insane.
NEVADA.
The Cabbage Patch mine, near Spen
cerville, Nevada county, is reported to
be yielding ore showing, according to
mill tests, from $20 to $50 per ton.
NAPA.
Isham Metcalf, a native of Kentucky,
aged 62 years, died at Napa of hemor
rhage of the stomach. He crossed the
plains with an ox team in 1851.
PLACER.
The sale of the Pacific Gold Mining
Company's gravel mine on the Port
Wine ridge, Plumas county, to outside
apitalists for $30,000 is reported.
: SAN FRANCISCO.
• William Beveridge, the second assist
ant engineer of the steamer China, ar
rested some days ago for smuggling silk
and indicted by a Federal grand jury,
entered a plea of guilty to the charge
before Judge De Haven in the United
States District Court. His attorney
pleaded for his client's sick wife and
said Beveridge would pay a fine.
An enormous of! tank to hold 1,260,000
gallons of California liquid fuel has
been completed for the Market-street
Railway Company. It stands near the
electric power-house at Fourteenth and
Bryant streets. It is 90 feet in diame
ter and 31 feet high. It is in the shape
of a mammoth cylinder, hooded over
on top and is made of steel. This tank
will hold just 30,000 barrels of oil. It is
to be repeatedly supplied for three years
by the Monte Cristo Oil Company.
That concern has a contract with the
street railway company. The contract
is said to be in the neighborhood of 30
cents a barrel at the wells, with trans
portation ' charges of 42 or more cents
added. The fuel saving to the corpora
tion will mount into the thousands of
dollars a month. Every power-house
of the street railway system will bum
oil supplied from this . monster store
tank. Oil burning apparatus is now on
the way from the Eastern factories.
SANTA CRUZ.
Fire broke out in the large grocery
store of George M. Martin, corner of
Main and Fourth streets, Watsonville.
The fire occurred iv the oilroom in the
rear of the store and is supposed to have
originated by the burning out of an
electric wire which dropped on an oil
tank, causing an explosion. The store
and the blacksmith shop of W. S. Bol
ton were enveloped in flames, the lat
ter place being only partly destroyed.
The building was owned by P. Brassel.
The total loss is $5000, no insurance.
Martin's stock was insured for $2000.
Brassel contemplated the erection of a
two-story brick building in the place of
the one destroj'ed.
SAN JOAQUIN.
The most disastrous grain fire in the
eastern part ot San Joaquin county
since 1884 burned about 7000 acres, and
the loss will be all of $50,000. The crop
on several large ranches was completely"
destroyed, and the residence and barns
on the Threllfall ranch were destroyed.
The farmers first saved their stock and
harvesters. A high wind was blowing
and the fire swept the country from
Coneta to the Stanislaus river. Most
of the grain was insured.
SANTA CLARA.
The Catholic church at Milpitas has
been destroyed by. fire. The fact that
it was on fire was not discovered until
almost the entire structure was in
flames, and with no facilities for fight
ing fire nothing could be done to save
it. Only a small amount of insurance
was carried on the building, so that its
cost, fully $5000, will be almost an en
tire loss to the parish. The origin of
the fire is unknown.
SACRAMENTO.
. The snags are to be removed from the
Sacramento river, and Captain F. A.
Jewell has been awarded the contract
at $25 a snag.
The Sacramento Fire Department is
to have a new engine house on Twenty
sixth street, between L and M, to cost
$6635. The building will be two stories
in height, with a tower. The lower
story will be of brick and the upper
story of wood.
SAN BERNARDINO.
The third big gusher of artesian wa
ter within a week has been struck on
desert land in the vicinity of Victor,
sixty miles north of San Bernardino.
For several weeks drillers have been at
work there in the hope of striking oil.
At the depth of 185 feet the drillers en
countered a well which surpasses the
others. It flows a steady stream of 210
inches. The force was so strong that
the well could not be capped, and had
to be temporarily abandoned.
SISKIYOU.
The old Sheba mine on Patterson
creek is out of service this year, the
property having been badly damaged
last winter by an avalanche sweeping
everything in the way of improve
ments down into the creek, with the
exception of the mill. The owners may
not resume before next winter or spring.
SAN DIEGO.
The schooner Helen, Captain Lock
hart, which left San Francisco in bal
last for Alaska, reached the harbor at
San Diego and will remain there for
several days undergoing repairsj Cap
tain Lock hart, with a crew of two men
started for St. Michael, but when two
days out from San Francisco the Helen
ran into heavy weather, which not only
beat her back, but caused her to leak
considerably. The captain decided to
make the run to San Francisco, but ad
verse wind prevented and he headed
for San Diego. ' •„
SAN MATEO.
The Protestant Episcopal Divinity
School at San Mateo is to be enlarged
by the construction of a chapel, dining
rooms and sleeping apartments for the
students.
SHASTA.
While driving from his home in Mill
ville to Anderson, Herman Frederick
Ross, one of the earliest pioneers- of
Shasta county, was thrown to the
ground aud killed through his team
running away. - ■ • •■
- SONOMA.
Frank Porter, charged with stealing
a cow, was found guilty, and, waiving
time, was sentenced by Judge Burnett
to eight years in Folsoru.
PACIFIC COAST.
ALASKA.
The miners of Dawson have formed
a union and demand a uniform wage of
$5 a day and board.
Alaska has sent out the largest gold
brick ever cast. It weighs 1000 pounds
and is worth approximately $200,000.
It represents the greater portion of the
year's clean up of the Cariboo Consoli.
dated Hydraulic Mining Company, of
which J. B. Hobson of California is
general superintendent.
BRITISH COLUMBIA.
The fishermen's grand lodge, in spe
cial session, declared a strike against
the cannery owners of the Eraser river.
The grand lodge represented the prac
tically unanimous vote of 4200 white
and Indian fishermen of the river, who
have now refused to take a single boat
on account of the low price of fish set
by the cannery men. The latter offered
10 cents a fish during the busy season
of the end of July and August, while
the fishermen insisted on 12-} cents for
the whole season. The strikers are firm
in their demands.
OREGON.
The Columbia Dry Dock Company
has filed articles of incorporation in the
Secretary of State's office with a capi
tal of $1,000,000. The company pro
poses to build one or more dry docks on
the Columbia river. The headquarters
are to be in Astoria.
ARMY AND NAVY.
UNITED STATES.
Colonel H. McGregor, Ninth Cavalry
has been -retired from active service.
The transport Hancock sailed June
25th direct to Manila, from San Fran
cisco.
Lieutenant Mina McNair has cap
tured fifty-four insurgents in the north
western part of the Province of Tayabas,
Island of Luzon.
Lieutenant-Colonel James Allen, Sig
nal Corps, has been honorably dis
charged as Brigadier-General of the
United States Volunteers.
Lieutenant-Colonel Benjamin F. Pope
deputy surgeon-general, has been or
dered to duty as the relief of Colonel
Charles Greenleaf, chief surgeon of the
Division of the Philippines.
There is no intention on the pait of
the War Department to reduce the mili
tary force in Cuba at the present time
or in the near future. The present force
of nearly 5000 men is held there on the
recommendation of Governor-General
Wood, and the Secretary will depend
on General Wood's advice as to the re
duction of the force. . . ■ . .
Lieutenant Edward Downs of the
First Infantry and one privaie of that
regiment have been killed in the south
ern part of the Island of Samar. Cap
tain Woodburn of the Ninteenth In
fantry, has captured Samson's camp in
the Island of Bohol. Private Kraus of
that regiment was killed and four men
I were wounded.
By the arrival of the transport Kil
patrick the last of the volunteer regi
ments from the Philippines have been
landed on United States soil. The Kil
patrick brought 1011 men of the Forty
third Regiment, which has a record for
fighting and continuous activity. All
of the officers have made a record for
fighting, but the palm is held by Second
Lieutenant Charles O. Estes, who was
hi forty-four different engagements and
emerged from every one with credit.
Without regard to ministerial investi
gations, and without consulting the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union,
the United States War Department
will take up the canteen question and
gather its own statistics. Commanding
officers at all the forts and posts in the
country hereafter will take exact mem
oranda of what occurs during and after
pay day, the. number of arrests, the
number of absentees and the number of
deserters. This will be done at each of
the next four pay days, and the result
will be laid before Congress at its next
session."
Over 4000 volunteers were discharged
from service June 30th. Four regi
ments of infantry, the Thirty-eighth,
Fourty-fourth, Forty-eighth and Forty
ninth, were paid off and mustered out.
there, was no lack of money among the
newly, made civilians, as they received
pay varying from $70 to $1000. In spite
of the large amount of money they had
to dispose of, there was no disorder or
drunkenness, Tho Presidio was busy,
but without noise or excitement. By
half-past-four some 1700 soldiers had
been paid off and mustered out and by
8 o'clock the entire .4076 had become
civilians. Two of the regiments mus
tered out werecolored, the Forty-eighth
and Forty-ninth.
CHINA.
The Taotai Sheng at the request of
Liv Kung Vi, Viceroy of Nankin, has
called on the Consuls and urged that as
the foreign forces were leaving Peking
they ought also to evacuate Shanghai.
The Consuls are referring the matter to
their respective governments.
Word has been received at Peking of
the arrival of Duke Lav and Prince
Tuan at Ulumski, Turkestan, in which
place of banishment they have been
sentenced to reside. A Russian Consul
is stationed at Ulumski, and he will no
tify the Russian Government should
the banished Chinese leave that place.
A dispatch from Chefoo reports the
entire province of Shantung in revolt.
The rebels are said to be overrunning
the country, pillaging and burning. It
is asserted that in the vicinity of Muk
den all the villages are being burned,
and that hundreds of inhabitants have
been killed. The dispatch says the
Russian forces are not sufficient to
maintain order.
A curious discrepency concerning the
amount of the Chinese indemnity has
developed, by which it appears that
China has agreed to pay about 35,000,
000 taels, or $24,500,000, more than the
united demands of all the powers. How
this occurred is not clear to officials but
it appears to have been an errror of cal
culation at Peking in the first place by
those making up the indebtedness, and
later by the Chinese in their hasty ac
ceptance of the total. As finally made
up this total was 450,000,000 taels, but
the present calculation, after taking in
all of the demands that are known, will
make a total of only 415,000,000 taels.
In the meantime China has agreed to
pay the larger amount, so that the ques
tion now arises, what will become of
the excess of 35,000,000 taels?
SOUTH AFRICA.
A cablegram to the New ■ York Sun
from Cape Town says that five Boers
were killed and eleven wounded in the
attack on Richmond.
It appears that, including the Boer
prisoners and those in the concentra
tion camps, the cost of supporting the
30,000 Boers is falling upon the British
taxpayers.
Geueral Fouche's two Boer com
mands have advanced beyond Glen Al
mond, which is about ten miles south
east of Aliwal North. Boer and British
scouts have exchanged shots six miles
hence.
The German authorities of Demerara
land have arrested a number of male
Boers who emigrated thither after the
recent fight at Maregas. Thirty-eight
families of women and children have
been placed in camp at Schmidt Drift.
A Boer force marched to within ten
miles of Barkly West and engaged a
patrol of the Cape police and a local
mounted defense force from the farms
of Lyndale and Orpendale. Theßritish
lost one killed, nine prisoners, three of
whom were wounded aud two missing.
Jacobus Botha, member of the Cape
Assembly for Aliwai North, has been
captured by the Boers and publicly
sjamboked. In addition his house was
burned. The reason assigned for this
treatment is that Botha voted in favor
of the treason lull.
A cable from Cape Town says that a
small body of Boer invadershas visited
Jamestown and proclaimed the village
the capital of the Free Orange State.
The same force is said to be indulging
in considerable looting in that district.
It is understood energetic measures will
be taken for the effectual clearance of
the marauders.
The casualty lists made public by the
War Office, London, show severe fight
ing is various parts of South Africa that
is not reported in the ordinary dis
patches. This is notably so with re
gard to the Zeerust position in Cape
Colony. It also destroys the quietude,
which is added to by the repeated loot
ing of Jamestown in spite of the prox
imity of a strong British force at Ali
wal North.
OFHCIAL COUNTY PAPER.
Covers the most pros
perous part of Califor
nia, viz: "The Mother
Lode."
Five Cents Per Copy.
UNITED STATES.
Ulrica Andree, aged 44, a butcher,
died from heat at South Omaha.
A discovery of the largest and purest
deposit of manganese iron known has
been made in Eastern Utah.
During a atorm at Brazil, Ind., light
ning killed four men who were at work
in a wheat field. All left families.
Before the eyes of their eight chil
dren, lightning struck Mr. and Mrs.
George Weis dead on their farm at
Fern creek, nine miles from Louisville.
Westbound passenger train 3, on the
\\ abash Railroad, ran into a wash-out
at Cass, 111., wrecking the engine and
five cars. A number of persons were
killed.
Lightning struck the animal tent of
the Wallace circus at Eau Claire, Wis.,
killing an elephant and stunning the
entire menagerie. Many persons were
severely shocked.
The forthcoming statement of the
coinage executed at the mints of the
United States for the fiscal year ending
June 29, 1901, will show the total coin
age to have been 5136,340,571, as follows:
Gold, $99,065715; silver, $35,265,498; mi
nor coins, §2,009,568.
A. J. Chalmers, a well-known civil
engineer, while working in the Spanish
Springs valley, Nev., was stricken by
the intense heat of the sun. He only
lived two hours afterward, in spite of
all the assistance which his companions
could render him.
Jesse F. Thayer, formerly a captain
in the American Volunteers, but lately
retired to private life and working at
his trade, committed suicide at Omaha.
He was horsewhipped at Lincoln three
days before by his wife, from whom he
had separated, and this is said to have
preyed upon his mind.
Edward G. Walsh Sr., president of
the Mississippi Glass Company and the
St. Louis Terminal Company, and
prominsntly identified with leading St.
Louis enterprises, died from heat pros
tration on board the Knickerbocker ex
press of the Big Four road between
Gays and Mattoon, 111.
Mrs. Eliza Rogers Potter, wife of the
Rev. Henry C. Potter, Protestant Epis
copal Bishop of New York, died sud
denly at the family residence. Mrs.
Potter's death was due to heart failure,
superinduced by the intense heat. Bish
op Potter was at his wife's side when
the - end came, but . none of her chil
dren were present.
Lansing, la., bids fair to become fa
mous for the many fine pearls found
there. One sold for $1800. It was
found by an old Swede named Benson
at the clam bed which produced the
famous Queen Mary about a month
ago, and, although weighing less, sixty
six grains, is a much finer and more
valuable gem. No less than twelve
pearls were found in one day. ,
Missouri and Kansas are suffering
from hot winds that threaten great
damage to corn. Atchison, Kas., re
ports the greatest drought hi Northeast
ern Kansas since 1800, a warm wind
blowing from the south almost unceas
ingly for several days. Abilene, Kas.,
reports the temperature at 105 degrees,
with many fields in South Dickinson
county ruined.
Theodore Sutton Parvin.the collector
of the most complete Masonic library in
the world, died at Cedar Rapids, lowa,
aged 84 years. For fifty-eight years he
had been secretary of the lowa Masonic
Grand Lodge. He was a thirty-third
degree Mason, Knight Templar and had
served as grand recorder at the grand
encampment of Knights Templar of the
United States. He was born at Cedar
ville, N. J., January 15, 1817.
A posse of eight men' went to the
Ketucky side of Tug river early in the
morning and captured nine miners
who are charged with terrorizing the
miners of the west side of the river for
the past ten days by shooting at all who
could not give the proper strikers' sig
nal as they passed and repassed along
the railroad. They were surprised in
then- sleep with their rifles under their
pillows and surrendered with but little
resistance. Even their guard was cap
tured asleep on duty, j
Professor Francis J. Biertwell, the
ornithologist, was killed near Albu
qurque, N. M., while on an expedition
in search of specimens. Particulars of
his death were brought in by an under
taker. He had climbed a large pine
tree for a bird's nest. He had ascended
seventy-five feet of the tree by the aid
of a pair of lineman's spurs, when he
called to his wife for help. She called
two men and they threw a long rope
up to him. He was coming down when
the rope slipped, and he slowly strangled
to death- before his young wife and the
men. They were spending their honey
moon in Mexico.
Hungry, ill-clad and almost uncon
scious, Alice Wagner, aged 19 years,
was picked up on the levee at New
Orleans at a late hour at night. She
had beaten her way to that city from
Cincinnati, a distance of nearly 1500
miles, and says she is going to Sail
Francisco to her sister, Mrs. Louis
Crawford, whose address she does not
know. She had quarreled . with her
sister in Cincinnati, where the Wag
ners are said to be well-to-do, and left
home determined to get to San Fran
cisco, although she had but $1.50. She
made the way to New Orleans in real
"hobo" style, bluffing conductors for
transportation, and working at points
along the line to make money enough
to live on.
FOREIGN.
Jamaica offers money and great ad
vantages for farming.
The composer, Charles Kensington
Salaman, is dead. He was 87 years of
age when he died.
Destructive gales, with heavy loss of
life and great damage to shipping are
reported from the Fiji islands.
The London County Council has de
cided to spend £2,000,000 in new electric
traction routes in various parts of Lon
don.
A decree has been issued making vac
cination in Cuba obligatory and provid
ing for the appointment of a Commis
sion to see to the carrying out of the
ruling.
In the fleet maneuvers off the island
of Tsumina, three Japanese torpedo
boats collided. It is reported that one
of them sank and that several men
were drowned.
In consequence of his success at Co
vent Garden, London, where he made
his debut, the Italian tenor De Marchi
has been engaged for the forthcoming
opera season in the United States.
The Chamber of Commerce at Kings
town, Jamaica, has passed a resolution
asking the Governor, Sir Augustus
Hemming, to request the imperial au
thorities to send 3000 Boer prisoners to
the island.
M. de Giers, the Russian Minister to
China, will shortly be recalled from Pe
king, where he has shown inaptitude.
The dispatch announces that M. de
Giers will be transferred to Munich,
and that his successor at Peking will
«v Paul Laser, who is an Anglophile.THE AMADOR LEDGER
(COUNTY OFFICIAL PAPER.)
Published Fridays by
Amador County Publishing Co.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
I One year (In advanoo $2 50
One year (If not In advance) 3 00
Six months 1 25
Threomonths 75
One or more copies, cash 05
Legal advertising— per sqr.-lst insertion. $1 CO
Subsequent Insertions— per square-each. . 60
EJIERED AI IDE POSIOITTCE AT JACKSON AS
SECOXD-CLASS MATTER.
R.WEBB -.•'-,• Editor and Manager
FRIDAY...'. JULY 12, 1901
"WAR IS BARBARISM."
In every war of modern times waged
between civilized combatants, the
charge of barbarity is invariably made
against one or both of the contending
parties. This charge is moro or less
colored, according as the sympathies
of the accusers are p -tikened or natur
ally incline to one or tho other side of
the contending factions. This is not
a new feature in warfare. It is as old
as war itself, and will remain indelibly
stamped upon the system so long as
war exists. No doubt the world is ad
vancing in civilization, aud while the
engines of destruction are iucornparably
more deadly now than • they were a
century ago, modern sentiment revolts
at the infliction of needless suffering
and cruel punishment. But the ques
tion arises, who shall be the judge us
to what constitutes unnecessarily harsh
measures. There is no tribunal to de
termine this point, other than each
individual's own judgment. As for the
combatting forces, the cry of barbarity
usually comes from the weaker and los
ing side. It is an effort to avert the
consequences of defeat by appealing to
the sympathies of disinterested nations,
and hence must be viewed with distrust.
War is tho science of destruction. It
ie the dernier resort in the settlement
of disputes between nations. History
will not justify it except when all other
means of settlement havo been tried in
van. It is an appeal from the domain
of reason and the sense of right, to the
instincts of brutality and the arbitra
ment of might. There is no such thing
as humane warfare, because war in it
self is inhuman and barbarous. During
Sherman's famous march through
Georgia— a march by the way that left
a broad trail of devastation and havoc
along its course— he was remonstrated
with by a Southern lady because of his
alleged barbarous practices. "Ma
dam," replied the warrior, "war is
barbarity." His mission was destruc
tion, and he went about, bis business
without paying much regard to the
shock inflicted upon those who imagine
war can be conducted in accordance
with Christian principles. After all,
it may be contended that the vigorous
and unrelenting prosecution of war
fare is the most merciful policy in tne
end. The talk about barbarity was
heard in regard to tho war in Cuba
before the United States became in-
volved with Spain. It is not absent
"from the conduct of war in the Philip
pines. The United States authorities
find it necessary to resort to extreme
measures there in order to protect its
lines of communication. The order
that any Filipino cauaht within 150
yards of a telegraph or telephone line
shall be shot, may seem needlessly
harsh, but no- doubt it is found nec
essary from a military standpoint, and
so with regard to the operations in
China and South Africa. Isolated
cases of cruelty have perhaps occurred,
as they have ociurred in all wars of
the past, and probably will occur in all
wars of tho future, but the govern
ments must be exonerated from the
charge of cruelty beyond that sanction
ed by the rules of war, having the ulti
mate object in view, the close of the
war at the earliest possible moment.
THE LICENSE ORDINANCE.
In another column will be found
ordinance No. 107, amending the ordin
ance concerning the retail liquor busi
ness in Amador county. At the June
meeting of the board of supervisors,
ordinance No. 106 was passed relating
to this subject. This was intended to
amend the license system so that saloon*
outside of town limits would be requir
ed to pay tho same license tax as
saloons within town limits, namely, $15
per quarter. Upon examination, how
ever, it was found that instead of in
creasing the saloon license outside of
towns, it actually relieved them from
the payment of license altogether. It
operated in just tho contrary direction
to what was desired. . At the last meet
ing of the supervisors the omission as
pointed out by the Ledger article a
month ago, was recognized, and the
ordinance which now appears in these
columns was passed. This simply
throws the license system back to tho
same footing it has occupied for so
many years. It is merely a re-enact
ment of that section of the old ordin
ance which relates to saloon licenses,
and repeals all ordinances in conflict
therewith. The liquor licenses, there
fore, remain the same as heretofore,
$16 per quarter for saloons within town
limits, and $7.50 for wayside saloons.
The provision requiring bonds in the
sum of 81000 is also wiped out.
THE Sutter Creek Herald gave up
the ghost last Saturday; or more
strictly speaking-— it failed to material
ize on that day. its demise was not
unexpected. It is impossible for two
papers to exist in a small town like
Sutter Creek. The people of that
town would be foolish to encourage
such an idea. That thoy had tho good
sense not to encourage it is self-evi
dent from the fact that another victim
ha 3 been gathered into tho journalistic
graveyard of that town.
Spring coughs arc specially danger
ous and unless cured at. once, serious
results often follow. One Minute Cough
Cure acts like magic. It is not a com
mon mixture but is a high grade
remedy.— Kerr's Pharmacy, Jackson.
MINERAL OUTPUT OF CALI
FORNIA.
We are in receipt of tho report of
State Mineralogist Lewis E. Aubrey,
purporting to give the yield and value
of the . mineral products of California
for the year 1900. The report frankly
admits that it is complied from re
turns received at tho State Mining
Bureau in answer to inquires made of
producers. We are inclined to tho
opinion that the report is not very, re
liable. So far as the gold product is
concerned it is probably correct, as
nearly all the gold finds its way to the
government mint and Selby's, and
there is not much difficulty in getting
fairly accurate estimates. But with
some of the products it is otherwise.
Take the product of Amador county,
for instance, in marble. That large
quantities of marble of excellent quality
exist in this county is well known.
But it is not co well that the marble
industry has been developed here to
such an exiont as to give Amador not
only preeminence in this line, but a
monopoly. Amador is credited with
having produced in 1900 marhla to the
value of $5891. And that i 3 just the
total value of all the marble produced
in the state. This value is represented
in an output of 4103 tons, which will
give a value of $1.44 per. ton. Are we
to believe that not a ton of marblo was
produced in California last year outside
of Amador county. And more than
this, that Amador marble can be pro
duced for less than $1.50 per ton. Cer
tainly it cannot be shipped out of tbe
county for any such price. It costs
more than that sum to get it from -the
quarry to the nearest railroad depot.
The people of Amador county were not
aware "that there was any unusual
"activity in the marble industry last
year. Indeed, they were under the
impression that this business was
dormant— as it has been for years —
owing to the cost of getting the pro
duct to market. They will be some
what surprised to learn that the report
of the state mineralogist makes Ama
dor the only live county in the state in
marble production. According to this
state document granite is worth about
$8 per ton, while marble is worth about
one-fifth that price.
There are other statistics in the
report which tend to shake one's faith
in its value. The statement that all
the mineral activity of California —
producing according to this authori
ty a total value of $32,622,945— is
carried on by the employment of 28,672
n?.en is also open to question. This
would give ao average production per
man of over $1150; and there is not, in
our opinion, a mining community in
the world that ; gives such a high
average. Statistics of this character
possess very little value.
TUBNING REPUBLICANS OUT.
Stockton at the last municipal elec
tion went democratic. The republi
cans were in power before, and of
course the administration appointed
republicans to all offices within their
control. When the democrats suc
ceeded in capturing the city govern
ment, they promptly turned their politi
cal opponents out, aud thereby made
places for their political friends. There
was no long wait in the transaction of
this very Important piece of business.
They did not consider it politic to allow
the republicans to continue feeding at
the public crib any longer than they
could help, especially when democrats
anxious to fill such positions were wait
ing around ready to be appointed. To
the credit of the democratic admini
stration, be it said, they paid no heed
to the pressure brought to bear by, in
terested parties to retain republican
officials, because they had faithfully
performed their duties. They believed
they could find a democrat possessing
all tho requisite qualifications for every
place thoy had to give, and they lost
no time In turning the republicans
down, and inviting their democratic
brothron to step up. Some republi
cans are kicking because- their party
friends are being fired to make room
for the supporters of the administra
tion In power. But the Record, in de
fending these manifestations of partisan
ship, says:
Of course, a democratic commission
appointed a democratic captain of
police. Why shouldn't It? Who ever
expected otherwise? The republicans
are neither surprised nor disappointed.
The Inevitable has simply taken place —
that is all. The republicans expected
it. Had the republicans won the elec
tion, then republicans would be put In
positions. With the democrats in,
democrats are appointed.
And the Record has a long way the
better of tho argument. It would be
well if the "powers that be" in Ama
dor county would pattern after the
Stocktonian democrats in this regard.
There they seem to understand that
the way to establish themselves in the
confidence of those who elected them is
to reward the members of their own
party. Here that lesson has only been
half learned. We hope our republi
can administration will pull itself to
gether and learn the other half before
it is too late. It is from the republi
can element that they must look for
vindication. The sort of vindication
they will receive at the polls from the
democrats will not cut much of a figure
in their re-election In the face of dis
satisfaction within their own party
ranks.
Owing to pressure on our advertis
ing columns we are compelled to omit
the great 815,000 prize offer to sub
scribers this week. This does not
affect the offer. Send in your esti
mate of the combined vote in the states
of Ohio, lowa and Massachusetts for
governor, accompanied with $2.50, and
a certificate entitling you to partici
pate in the contest will be forwarded.
Better For Blood Than Sarsaparilla.
For those living in the Malaria Dis
tricts. Grove's Tasteless Chill Tonic.
may24-6m.
Fresh consignment of pig's feet. Sal
ami, compressed ham, Swiss and Ameri
cancheese, bloaters and herringatCam
netti's Central Market, feb. 8-lmo.
Pioneer Flour is tho "Lily of the
Valley," tho "Fearl of Perfection." *
THE A-NfAPOR LEDGER; JACKSON, UALIFOBXIA. TEIDAY, JULY 12. 1901.
Like a flash of lightning, sudden and
startling, disease strikes down many a
man. Yet there have been warnings
upon ■warnings, unheeded. Food has
lain like a heavy weight in the stomach
after eating. There have been belch-
ings, bitter risings in the mouth, nerv-
ousness, sleeplessness and growing irri-
tability. Instead of listening to these
■warnings, recourse has been had to some
of the nerve numbing palliatives that
cover but never cure disease. Many
serious diseases begin in a diseased con-
dition •of the stomach and organs of
digestion and nutrition. For such dis-
eases there is one medicine which rarely
fails to effect a complete cure. Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery cures
ninety-eight per cent, of all who give it
a fair and faithful trial. It is a temper-
ance medicine and contains no alcohol.
"I was afflicted with what the doctors called
nervous indigestion," writes Mr. Thoa. G. Lever,
of Lever. Rlchland Co.. S. C. "I took medicine
from my family physician to no avail. In look-
ing over one of Dr. Pierces Memorandum
Books, I found ray case described exactly. I
wrote to yon aad made a statement. You sent
me a descriptive list of questions, also some
hygienic rules. I carried those out as best I
could, but thought myself incurable ss I suffered
so much with pain under my ribs and an empty
feeling In my stomach. At night would have
cold or hot feet and hands, alternately. I was
getting nervous and suffered a great deal men-
ially, thinking that death would soon claim me.
Always expected something unusual to take
place; was irritable and Impatient, and greatly
reduced in flesh. I could scarcely eat any thing
that would not produce a bad feeling ■ m my
stomach. After some hesitation, owing to my
prejudices against patent medicines, I decided
to try a fewbottle* of Dr. Pieree's Golden Med-
ical Discovery and ' Pellets.' After taking sev-
eral bottles of each, found I was improving. I
continued for six months or more, off ana on
until I was cured."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets are a
positive cure for constipation.
Ordinance No. 107.
ORDINANCE AMENDING ORDINANCE
No. 91. entitled an ordinance licensing for
purposes or regulation and revenue, every kind
of lawful business, hereinafter specified, tran-
sacted or carried on within the oorporato limits
of the County of Amador, State of California,
and all shows, exhibitions and lawful games
carried on therein; fixing rates of license tax
upon the same, and providing for the collection
of the said license tax, by amending seotion 20
thereof.
The Board of Supervisors of the County of
Amador, State of California, do ordain as
follows :
Section 1. Section 20 of ordinance No. 91, an
ordinance licensing for purposes of regulation
and revenue, every kind of lawful business,
hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on
within the corporate limits of the County of
Amador, State of California, ai.d all shows,
exhibitions and lawful games carried on there-
in: fixing rates of license tax upon tho same
and providing for the collection of the said
license tax, passed and approved by the Board
of Supervisors of the said County of Amador
on the 3rd day of July. 1899, is hereby amended
to read as follows :
Section 20. It is hereby declared to be un-
lawful for any person, firm, corporation, club or
association to establish, open, keep, maintain
or carry on within tho County of Amador, any
bar, store, dramshop, tippling place, stand or
any place where spirituous, malt, or fermented
liquors, or wines, or any admixture thereof
are sold or given away by the glass, bottle or
otherwise, In less quantities than one quart,
or for any person, firm, corporation, club or
association (except as hereinafter provided) to
sell, conduct or engage in the business of sell
ing, within the limits ol the County of Amador,
any spiritous, malt or fermented liquors or
wines, or any admixture thereof, by the glass,
bottle or otherwise, in less quantities than one
quart, without having the permission and
license therefor, as in this seotion of said ordi-
nance provided ; provided further, that all per-
sons, firms corporations, clubs or associations
established and carrying on within the County
of Amador on the first day of August, 1599, any
bar, store, dramshop, tippling place, stand or
any place where spirituous malt or fermented
liquors, or wines or any admixture thereof, are
sold or given away. shall be considered of hav-
ing a permit as in this ordinance provided:
1. No license issued under any of the provis-
ions of this section of said ordinance shall b?
assignable or transferable, without the consent
of the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors
endorsed thereon, and only to such person, firm,
corporation, club or association, as has obtain-
ed from the Board of Supervisors the permis-
sion hereinafter required, and complied in all
other respects with the requirements of this
ordinance.
2. No person, firm, corporation, club or asso-
ciation shall have Issued to him or them, the
license required by this section of said ordi-
nance, unless such person, firm, corporation,
club or association, be of good moral charac-
ter, and first obtain permission, as provided
herein, by making application In writing to the
Board of Supervisors at a meeting thereof, for
permission to obtain the license therein re-
quired.
The application In writing herein required
shall contain and set forth:
First: The name and residence of the appli-
cant or applicants, and how long he or they
have resided in said County of Amador.
Second: The particular place for which a
license is desired, and the name of the owner
of the premises. ■ ;
Third: That the applicant or applicants are
the only persons in any manner interested In
the business, asked to be licensed, and that no
other person shall bo In any way Interested
therein during the continuance of the par-
mission.
Fourth: Whether or not the applicant or
applicants havo had a permission or license
for tho sale of liquor in said County of Amador
revoked, during any time preceding his or their
present application Said application must be
verified by the affidavit of applicant or appli-
cants made before the Tax Collector or some
other officer authorized to administer oaths.
3. No order granting such permission shall
be made until the next regular meeting of the
Board of Supervisors after the application and
recommendation mentioned In the second sub-
division of this section has been filed.
4. If after considering all the matters afore-
said, the Board of Supervisors shall find that
the applicant or applicants arc proper persons
to carry on said business, and that the carry-
ing on of said business at the place it is pro-
posed to be carried on will not be prejudicial
to the public good said Board may by resolu-
tion grant the required permit, which permit
shall remain in force for not more than one
year from the date of the same, and shall be
good only for the person, linn, corporation, club
or association, to whom the same is granted
and Issued, and for the place named therein
6. After said permit has been granted by
said Board, and not before, and after the license
tax hereinafter provided for has been paid, the
Tux Collector shall issue a license to the por-
son or persons, firm, corporation, club or asso-
ciation, named in said permit, which license
shall be authority to tho person or persons,
firm, corporation, club or association, named
therein, to conduct his or their business at the
place named in the application for said license,
but shall not be authority for any other person
or persons, firm, corporation, club or associa-
tion, to conduct said business at the place
named In said application, or for the person or
persons, firm, corporation, club or association,
to whom bald license Is issued, to conduct said
business in any other place.
6. Any person, firm, corporation, club or as-
sociation, to whom such permit has been grant-
ed, who does not conduct the business for
which such permit has been granted, in a quiet,
orderly and reputable manner, or who commits
any breach of the peaces, or disturbance of tho
public order or decorum by any tumultuous,
riotous or disorderly conduct, at the place or on
the premises where said business is conducted,
and for which said permit has been granted, or
who sells, gives or furnishes at said place or
on said premises, any intoxicating liquor,
spirituous malt or fermented liquor, or wine,
or any admixture thereof, to any person ad-
dioted to the inordinate use of intoxicating
liquors, or to any person under the age of
twenty-one years, or any intoxicated person
to be or remain at said place or upon said
premises, or who shall not obey and abide by
all the laws and ordinances now in force, or
which may hereafter be enacted, shall forfeit
such permit, and any and all licenses there-
under Issued or granted to said person, firm,
corporation, club or association, under the pro-
visions of said ordinance, and shall also for-
feit any license that may have been Issued
under such permit and the provisions of this
ordinance, to said person, firm, corporation,
club or association, subsequent to the filing
with tho Board of Supervisors of the County of
Amador of the complaint next hereinafter men-
tioned and provided for and no part of the
money paid for said forfeited licenses shall be
$*fiIPP 'UK EXCELSIOR BRAND ]
I Ife jfy Clothing j
"■■^v^i Cit-~-Tj for fifty years has been (
;--vl§| *t i 1 +■} pW the best In the world, i
Csi§*»yH'7 %* Double throughout. ,
'■ ( • ' Warranted waterproof, !
HfHip j ;•■■-■-» eoftand smooth. Will not
IBSCWfi : I :. j] crack, peel off or become
iSSS»SJUaje) ?v '« Micky. Catalogue free. '
KEK«Jj»Sa£3ft; ". Y. Rfltloir and Packing Co., (
fgg&tlkmVsKa 11. ». KAfIVKB* 60S, I
HSt£3\* v&L-iGKI holft M»"nfaeturrr«, I
llfipW^fci ■""'•■'"lde-t.Bui. 1
returned, but the same shall be forfeited to tbe
county. • •
7. Any elector of ths said County of Amador
may file with tbe Clerk of tbe Board of Super-
visors of said county a complaint against any
person, Qrm, corporation, club or association,
whom he has reason to believe Is guilty of any
of the acts or neglects specified in subdivision
oof Section 30 of this ordinance, or vrho has
obtained a license by fraudulent representa-
tions, which said comDlaint must be in writing,
verified as complaints in civil actions in this
State, and must specifically set forth any
violation or violations ot the provisions of this
ordinance, and any sucb acts or neglects of
which it may be claimed in said complaint
that said person, firm, corporation, club or
association Is or has been guilty. At any time
after the filing of said complaint the said Board
of Supervisors shall fix a time for the hearing
thereof, and at the time so fixed shall Investi-
gate the charge so made in said complaint.
Notice ot the time so fixed for the hearing of
said complaint, and of the nature of said com-
plaint, shall be given by said Board to the
person, firm, corporation, club or association
so complained against, at least five days be-
fore the time so fixed tor the hearing of said
complaint. If on such investigation the said
Board shall find that tho said complaint Is veil
founded, and that any charge or charges there-
in contained are true, it shall so declare by
resolution, and shall by the same resolution
revoke the permit theretofore granted to said
person, firm, corporation, club or association,
and shall l>y the same resolution revoke all
licenses theretofore issued to said person, firm,
corporation, club or association In accordance
with said permit and under tho provisions of
this ordinance, and said license shall hence-
forth be without force or effect, and all sums of
money paid therefor shall be forfeited to the
county, and no rebate thereof shall be granted
by said Board of Supervisors.
8. The license tax under this section of said
ordinance shall be as follows: For every per-
son, firm, corporation, club or association en-
gaged In tbe business of selling or giving away,
or In any manner furnishing in any saloon, bar,
stand, or in any other place of business within
the limits ot any village, town or city within
the County of Amador, and for every person,
firm, corporation, club or association who sells
or offers to sell, or keeps tor the purpose of sale,
within the limits of any village, town or city
in the County of Amador, any spirituous malt
or fermented liquors, or wines, or any admix-
ture thereof, fifteen, dollars per quarter; pro-
vided, that any person or persons who sells at
retail such liquors or wines at any way tavern
or public watering place on any thoroughfare
outside the limits of any village, town or city,
shall pay seven and .one half dollars per quar-
ter; and provided, further that any person or
persons who take out a. license for retailing
such liquors or wines shall have the privilege
of selling such liquors at wholesale without
any other license therefor; payable quarterly
in advanoe to the Tax Collector ot the County
of Amador, at the office of said Tax Collector
at the Court House, in the town of Jackson,
County of Amador, State ot California.
P. The provisions of this ordinance shall not
apply to the selling. by physicians, surgeons,
apothecaries or chemists of liquor used by
them In the preparation of medicins, nor to the
selling, giving or furnishing vinous or malt
liquors by keepers ot hotels or restaurants to
guests only, when served at tables with meals,
and taken by such guests In such hotels or res-
taurants.
Section 2. All ordinances and parts of ordi-
nances of the Board -of Supervisors of the
County of Amador in. conflict herewith, and all
ordinances of said Board of Supervisors, cover-
ing the same ground are hereby repealed.
Sections. This ordinance shall take effect
and be In force from and Including the first day
of August, 1901, and the Clerk of the Board of
Supervisors is hereby authorized and directed
to cause this ordinance to be published for two
weeks in tbe Amadou Ledger, a newspaper
printed and published in the County of Amador,
State of California.- .
Passed and adopted by the following rote
this Ist day of July, 1901. '
Ayes: Supervisors W. M. Amtck. M. New-
man. A. B. McLaughlin, V. B. LoMoln.
Noes: X B. Mooro. '
Absent: None.
FRED B. LEMOIN.
Chairman ot the Board ot Supervisors.
Attest :
[seal] C. L. Cclbert, Clerk.
By Wm. Going; Deputy Clerk.
(Endorsed). Filed July sth, 1901
C. L Cclbeht, Clerli.
julyl2-2t By Wm. Going, Deputy Clerl;.
Bl Wjdl mn mi ITJ H
Wj% !■•"«< •uamH 14
H CURE SICK HEADACHE S
I cohsO&" sIA I
i PURIFY THE BLOOD, i
SJ 1O ». g3* ORU6GIST3. U
Public Administrator's Semi-
Annual Report.
TO THE HON. R. C. RUST. JUDGE OF
the Superior Court of the County of Ama-
dor, State of California.
George A. Gritton, Public Administrator of
the County of Amador. respectfully makes this
report of all the estates of decedents In his
hands as and for a semi-annual report, of all
the estates of decedents in his hands in pur-
suance of the provisions of Section 1739 of the
Code of Civil Procedure.
§ ?? - g I ! »^ 1
5 E > < e S " ? 3
miHlii! §
1 1! i F" r F a ; j I
I : i :::::::: §
::;::; ; ; ; '; ; »
i e "l i 1 = gsiigi Il|
SaS:gS8SSSS ? i
I ®
;. : "I « I = £ I e g I Is
::88Sg8:.S8S I"
: m ts — • — -»• 3 o c^a
8 i £ 8 S S 8.-. S5S
a . Baa
„ ■ *i • - ■ • - • "a» ►-<>£.
» i ; ; : 2 :. : : Ij p|g
« ■' 8 : : : 8 : : : rj |j|
: : | : ; ; f: ; = ~~^
: : : : : ! ilg
9 9 QQacraaoa I
gncc. occrncc S3
: a I 1 1 1 1 1 i
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,!
County of amador, ; ss
George A. Gritton, being first duly sworn, do
poses and says: The foregoing is a true and
correct return of all the estates of decedents in
my hands as Public Administrator of the
County of Amador from February 27, 1900, to
Juno 30, 1001, both inclusive, and of the values
(actual op approximate) of the receipts and
disposal of money In, the expenses of, my fees
In, and the balance of money it any remaining
in each and the amount distributed.
I have not been interested in the expenditures
of any kind made on account of any estate ad-
ministered by me, nor have I been associated
in business or otherwise with any one so inter-
ested.
GEORGE A. GRITTON.
Subeoribed and sworn to before
me this Ist day of July, 1901.
ISEALI A. CAMISETII,
Notary Public In and for Amador County,
State of California. jlyS-lOt
Notice of Constable's Sale.
BY VIHTUE OF AN EXECUTION ISSUED
out ol the Justioo's Court of Number Five
Township, County of Amador, State of Califor-
nia, on the ISth day of Juno. 1901, In a certain
action wherein B. Lovaggi, as plaintiff recov-
ered Judgment against A. Grainger, defendant,
for the sum ot &9U3.35 and costs of suit taxed at
$4 80. 1 have levied upon the following described
property, to-wit :
That certain mining claim known and de-
scribed us the "Grainccr Quartz Mlno" situato
In Drytown Mining District, Amador County,
California, and particularly described as fol-
lows, to-wit: Beginning at a stake at tbe
northeast corner of claim, marked one (l)
(roman); tbenco in a southeasterly direction
1200 feet, more or less, to stake marked two (2):
thenoe In a westerly direction 600 feet, more or
less, to stake marked three (3); tnonco in a
northwesterly direction 1-JOO feet, more or Icsb,
to stake marked four (4); thence In an easterly
direction 600 feet, more or less, to place of be-
ginning. Bounded on tho North by patented ;
ground of W. Hodge, on the East by mining
location of A. Lootnts.on the South by patented
ground of J. Tonzi, and on the West by patented
ground of G. Josef. Located January Ist, 1000,
and recorded In tho County Recorder s office of
Amador County, California, the 2nd day of
February, 1900.
Notice is hereby given that on Saturday, tho
13th day of July, IVOI, at 10 o'clock a. m. of that
day. at the cabin on said described property.
I will sell all tho right, title and interest of
said A. Uraiuger, the defendant, in and to tho
above described property at public auction, for
cash, to the highest and best bidder to satisfy
said execution and all costs.
WM. SCOBLE, Constable
Dated Plymouth., CM., June Wo, 190;.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
: Mortimer :
: THE PAINTER 5
• Has returned, and is proparod to do •
• all kinds of 5
• House, Sign and Carriage •
• Painting. S
• PAPER HANGING, ETC. •
• In rear of Bank - - Jackson, Cal. •
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
Huberty & Giovannoni
Undertakers,
Embalmers, and
Funeral "Directors.
EMBALMING SCHOOL GRADUATE
JACKSON CAL. je2l
Geo. McMillan-- ...-
FOTOGRAPHER
"Fine Carbon Fotos' ' all sizes. Groups
and Mining Views. Stamp Fotos
and Button Jewelry.
— 1 — __^;
Timber Land, Act June 3, 1878--
Notice for Publication.
United States Land Office
at Sacramento, Cal.. May 11th, 1901.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT IN
compliance with the provisions of tbe act
of Congress -i .runr. 3. is?B, entitled "An act for
the sale o( auiwi: lands in the States ot Cali-
fornia, Orison. Nevada, and Washington Ter-
ritory," John W. Joses of lone, Amador County,
State of California, has this day bled in this
office his sworn statement No. 1618, for the pur-
chase of tbc EM of SEW of Section No. i», in
Township No. S North, Range No. 14 East. M.
D. M., and will offer proof to show that the land
sought is mor« valuable for its timber or stone
than for agricultural purposes, and to establish
his claim to said land bufore tbe Register and
Receiver of this office at Sacramento, Cal on
Monday, the 2M day of July, 1901.
He names as witnesses: Elam McGaffoo of
lono P. 0., Cal. ; James S Cooley of lone P. O.
Cal.; Fred Yager of lone P. 0., Cal.; William
Ryan of Pice Grove P. O , Cal.
Any and all persons claiming adversely the
above-described lands arc roquested to file
their claims in this office on or before said SKd
day of July. 1901.
5-17 lOt SILAS PENRY, Rcgtster.
Notice to Creditors.
.■;"■■_
In the matter of the Estate of John Kot more,
deceased.
VrOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
_I_l undersigned, administrator with tho will
auncxed of the estate of John Kcnmore, de-
ceased, to the creditors of andjall persons having
claims against said deceased, to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers, within four months
after the llrst publication of this notice to the
said administrator w ith the will annexed, at
the law office of Wm. J. McGcp, Jackson, Ama-
dor County, California, the same being the
place for tbe transaction of the business of
said estate in said County of Amador.
B.F.TAYLOR,
Administrator with tho will annexed of the
estate of John Kenmore, deceased.
Wm. J McGee. • ■
Attorney for Administrator
Dated, July 8, 1901.
Notice for Publication.
Land Office at Sacramento, Cal.,
July 2d. 1901.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
following-named settler has filed notice of
his intention to make final proof in support of
his claim, and that said proof will be made be-
fore Richard Webb, U. S. Commissioner at
Jackson, Cal, on August 15th. 1901, viz: An-
drew J. Shealor of Volcano P. 0., who made H.
E. 6377, for the SH of SEH and NWu of SEW,
seotion 8, township 7 north, range 13 east.
He names the following' witnesses to prove
his continuous residence upon and cultivation
of said land, viz: A. B. McLaughlin, Robert
Maxwell, David Allan and Henry Matthews, all
of Volcano P. O. Cal.
jlys-8t THOMAS FRASER, Register.
Notice to Creditors.
ESTATE Or PETEB N. BARXHAIIT, DECEASED.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN BY THE
undersigned, Morris Brinn, administrator
of tie estate of Peter N. Barnhart, deceased, to
the creditors of. and all persons having claims
against said deceased, to exhibit them, with
the necessary vouchers, within four months
after tbe first publication of this notice, to said
administrator, at tho law office of John F
Davis, on Summit Street, Jackson, Amador
County, California, tbe same being the place
for the transaction of business of said estate
in said County of Amador.
Dated, Jane 23, 1301.
MORRIS BRINN,
Administrator of the estate Of
Petor N. Barnhart, deceased.
John F. Davis. Atty. for said Admr. Je2Bts
Notice to Stockholders.
FOREST nOME MINING COMPANY.
Location of principal place of business, Los
Angeles, California.
•VT 0TI CE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
JJX a meeting of the Directors held on the 22d
day of June, 1901, an assessment of \-u per cont
pur share, amounting to 1-tf cents per share, was
levied upon the capital stock of the corporation,
payable immediately to the Secretary, at the
omoe of the Company, Rooms 1, S and 3, No. 838
West First Street, in the city of Los Angeles,
county of Los Angeles. State of California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on tho Ist day of August, 1901,
will be delinquent and advertised for sale, at
public auction, and unless payment is made
before, will be sold on the :Mtb day of August,
1901, to pay the delinquent assessment, together
with tuo cost of advertising and expenses of
sale. GEOKOE W. PARSONS,
Seoretary Forest Home Mining Company.
Office: No. 238 West First Street, Los An-
geles, California. 0-38-5t
Notice of Constable's Sale.
BY VIRTUE OF AN EXECUTION ISSUED
out of the Justico's Court of Number Five
Township, County of Anmdor, State of Califor-
nia, on the 18th day of June, IUOI, in a certain
action wherein B. Levaggi, as plaintiff, recov-
ered judgment against Oliver Ball, defondant,
for the sum of f 1^5.25. aud costs of suit taxed at
1a 75, 1 have levied upon the following described
property, to-wit:
That certain mining claim known and de-
scribed as the "Grainger tjuiirtz Mine" situate
in Drytown Mining District, Amador County,
California, aud particularly described as fol-
lows, to-wit: Beginning at a stake at tho
northeast corner of cluim marked one (1),
(roman); thence in a southeasterly direction
1200 feet, moro or less, to stake marked two (•»');
thence in a westerly direction GOO feet, more or
less, to stake marked three (3); thence in a
northwesterly direction IWM feet, more or less,
to stake marked four (4); thenco in an easterly
direction 600 feet, moro or less, to place of be-
ginning. Bounded on the North by patented
ground of W. Hodge, on the East by mining
location of A. Loomls, on the South by patented
ground of J. Tonzi, and on the West by patented
ground of G. Josef. Located January Ist. 1900.
and recorded in the County Recorder's office of
Amador County, California, the 2nd day of
February, 1900.
Notice Is hereby given that on Saturday, the
13th day of July, 1901, at 10 o'clock a m. of that
day, at tho cabin on said described property,
I will sell all the right, tltlo and Interest of
said Oliver Ball, the defendant, in and to the
abovo desoribed property ut public auction,
for cash, to the highest and best bidder to sat-
isfy said execution and all costs.
WM. SCOBLE, Constable.
Dated Plymouth, Cal., June lsih, 1901, .
CANCER! CANCER!
I was afflicted with cancer of the uterus; was
operated on in San Francisco, and told at that
time that should it roturn nothing more could
bo done for me. In less than a year it did re-
turn. I then applied to Dr. J. H. Shirley, spec-
ialist, and he removed it by applications. It
has been four years now and I have had no
troublo or return of tbe disease. I will give
any information desired by calling or address-
ing at 919 W St., Sacramento, Cal.
MRS. LIDA PITTMAN.
1 have treated cancer and sores on all parts
of the body for fifteen years in Sacramento
with the best of success. While all lumps and
sores are not cancerous, if you have a lump or
sore that will not heal, it will be wise to call on
SB. J. H. SHIBLEY, Specialist,
TJSVi J St.. Sacramento, Cal.
S«n<l for circular* RxamloattoQ fre*.
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this head, not exceed-
ng s lines, will be inserted at SOc per month, or
5 cents per line for less than one month.
FOR SALE. — A COMPLETE SET OF
stage scenery, with side wings, etc.. good
as new, will be sold cheap. Apply this office.
T7IOR SALE -LOT OF FOLDING CHAIRS,
Jj aUo settees, suitable for hall or church
Settees 400 per foot; chairs 50 oents each. Ap-
1 ply this office.
BUILDING LOTS FRONTING ON STUMP
and Center streets; lots 50x130 feet; for
sale cheap. Apply Ledger office. ■
TO PRINTERS.— A GOOD M INCH PAPER
cutter; also quarter medium Gordon job-
bor; good as new; will be sold cheap for cash
Ledger office. ....
LOST -IN JACKSON. WEDNESDAY
evening, July 10, between Express office
and Harper's saloon, a Platinum and cold
chain with locket, having X of P. one side and
A. O F. emblem on the other. Finder will be
suitably rewarded. Apply Ledger office. 4t
FOR SALE.-A GOOD RETAIL MlLLl-
nery Store located in one of the best min-
ing towns In the state. Reason for selling,
going east. Fully supplied with up-to-date
goods In good condition. Apply at Ledger
office.
THE X-RAY
Tells the truth
Don't depend too much on old-fashioned
> ■ medical methods. Don't believe every-
thing you are told. Lots of people are be-
ing treated for the wrong disease. Have
an X- Ray picture taken of your internal
organs, bones, Joints, etc. You will then
know the truth. Know exactly where and
what the trouble Is. Then your chances
of being cured will be good. For a thor-
oughly good, reliable picture, call at the
. EDISON COLLEGE OP X-MY THERAPEUTICS
105 Ellis St., San Francisco, Room 38-29-30
X-Rays applied to malignant, cancerous,
and other diseases. Medical Electrology
and Radiology. X-Ray Therapeutist.
If you have a Tumor or Cancer, our X-Ray
will show It. 4-29-8 m
r . .
t ~
j 1 Pill I
; jt. We guarantee satis- T
I $* faction iv compounding
1 4* ■'.•■' .a.
t prescriptions and we T
4? make no mistake. All
4* £■
t, will receive the same T
3 4? consideration aud treat-
b *? We make tbe same *£r
1 ■.■' x - •--■" 4-
» & price to rich and poor.
'111 1 CITY PHARMACY J
«g* KOBEBT I. KERR .
■ jF Main Street JACKSON *
t "'. !'!* ' *" — — jj — '■ —
E. MARRE & BRO.
■• ■
. Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Imported and Domestic
1 Wines Liquors Cigars
JACKSON, CAL. •
TTVISTRIDUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
_aL* tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon, White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries: Royal Wine
, Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres.
» Bordeaux. Clarets and Sauternes : CANADIAN
I CLUB WHISKY, Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
? ited. Walkerville, Ontario, Canada; John de
= Kuyper & Zoou, Rotterdam, Gin; Gilka Kuem-
? met, from J A. Gilka, Berlin; Barthloomay
» Brewery Company, Rochester, N. V., Knioker-
, bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness'
• Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
I London); Cantrell & Cochrano, Belfast, Ginger
I Ale; Naglee Brandy; Reimported American
8 Whiskies. •«•»
Exclusive I
Clothing |
& Tailoring j
-^ I
3 1 w.
i ' New Store, New Goods, I
I lowest prices. Forqual- \
j I ity of goods my stock \
2? is unexcelled. Remem- S
ji ber that the suits you g
| buy from •me will be g
jjj remodeled aud pressed s
! I free of charge. §
; jjj Remember the place g
\ \ MAX SLADARS |
: g Next door to Thomas' 3
; § butcher shop, Jackson. «
[ Green's Resort^-^r^-
[ Is the stopping: place for all the
. visitors to Jackson. Don't fail
1
I to call. Everything cool and
! fresh.
W. 0. GREEN -.- Proprietor
Jeai
, @ VtiU DR. JORDAN'S Great
i fffaMussun. of Anatomy
- I Pf^lOa VABKETST.t.Uth4 7th, 8.f.C.1.
1 I fast th * ******" ° f "' "** "* "** y " ia -
> 1 (?Un) W " *™ """IciaUj adlics ni-w tt»clm-ni.
■ H uv ITComo and learn how -* oudertully you ate mads
liU B and how to avoid aickorsa aad dlMaw. If you
» B Buffer from any of tbc ills of rutu, come to lbs
J^ Specialist on tbe Tacioc Coast.
DB. TOBI>AJr-I'RITATr, DISEASE*
i ConluUatloQffeeaQdrtrfetlrpriratp. Treatment versou-
) ally or by letter. HTPHILIH thoroughly eradicated
[ from tbe arvtcm without ORIDg Mercury*
EVCHY MAN applying to ua will reoelTO our
Aonwi opinion ofhl« complaint.
1 We witt uuanmta a POSITIVE CURB (n «rrr» tut
tr» tmJe«oS«, or forfeit On TaoaaaiJ nollnra.
Write for Book— Ptailuopliy (.marriage,
■innnii. <A xa\o«!il- h™.i r-rmrn.)
DB. JOBDAN * C 0.,1051 Market SU 8. F.
I Midsummer* Sale !
< > ■ . ■■ - <
♦ Jjl. FOR 3 WEEKS j
: I Shirtwaists f||§ Ladies' Covert Cloth J
I Ladies' Black and Tan flf SuitS !
;: Ties - . S- Ladies' White Pique!
X Ladies' Muslin Under- 118 j
i; wear " B Ladies' and Gent's .- i
I White Goods |§ig Tan Shoes ;
J Men's Crash Shirtings Sl Men's .light summer J
* ;e&s& Felt Hats <
I Men's Crash Hats jfi| ' ' !
I t j- •» t> j „ , Bfi BedSpreads • {.s'<
| Ladies' Ready Made ■•;=-'-•.- . v.'^.';- ',
| Skirts . .WM Lace Curtains V !
I 61avinovich & Parker
;; ■•: • -- ■ ■• .i^j/r.; ■■" 'M ;:-■; v- : :/ :.; >
; ; Court and Main streets - - - ;- . - Jackson, Cal./ ;
*■*** r"tfffMttltttttMPlMM« IMXMMI '
' ■-y.;-' ; .y?;-yy- - ' ■ • . ■ -.: ; --.:-:v:
•. • ■ . ; : ; ~~^
♦OM«MHM»M I MM<
i Alki Oil Company
; Do You Want Good Oil Stock? i
; The Alki Oil Company have bought 160 acres of land '
;; in Section i, Township n North, Range 25 '
; ; West, in the famous Sunset Oil District. <
: ; Drilling for Oil will commence in a few weeks i
I j There are flowing wells adjoining the Alki Company on !
$ all sides. So that stock in this Company is ;V-. \
' ' a good and sure investment. !
; ; _.._ . . . - __. '
I 1 lie nrst 25,000 shares are offered :
I at k cents per share :
t J- PAID UP AND NON-ASSESSABLE. j» i
;;.. _. 1 - L __ ;
: ! Parties desirous of taking the* stock can do \
\\ HE3XTIS"S" OSIBOZESILTEi, j
; ; Jackson, Cal., Agent for the Company. ;
! ! Main Office, 137 Montgomery St., San Francisco. • \
»MMMMM»MM»M<MMMIM>MIIMMM»MMMM '
Cancer, Tumors, Consumption no longer Dread Diseases
X-Ray now Thoroughly Cures the Most Maglignant Form of these Disaases
The Host Scientific. and Advanced Methods Used at Oar Laboratory
The knife and drugs arc no longer factors In tho treatment of diseases; they belong to an-
other age, and to-day tna up-to-date specialist, who is scientifically advanced in X-Kay applica-
tions m connection with Static and Faradtc Electricity, is a master of his art *••»«<«
Consumption is' no longer to bo feared. The medical faculty of Paris, France, bas fully en-
dorsed the latebt euro for tuberculosis, as specific, and we have treated hundreds of cases suc-
cessfully during the past year. The treatment consists of tho Transfusion or Microbe De-
stroying Kays by moans of statio and faradic currents, passing through the patient's cheat
aad lungs (see endorsed editorial in San Francisco Chronicle, page 2, Sept. 3, 1900).
discwforwU'^cr under ?heßa™ leSSiStWSmetllOdOf cure Iliat tne sub i««=« experiences no
CA.>CEE— It is now nn accepted fact, universally acknowledged among the medical pro-
fession, that Cancer is Positively Cured and Ausolctely Kuauicateo by the application
of the X-K»y (see Sau Francisco Examiner, page 3, April 10, 1901).
We are curing at our laboratory, No. 9 Mason street, many cases daily, after they hare been
given up as hopeless by some of the most prominent physicians on the Coast. Numerous testi-
monials aud references can be furnished upon application.
DISEASE 3 OF MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN A BPECIAITT
San Francisco and O»klnnd Hospital References.
German and French Physicians in Attendance.
We invite correspondence which we treat strictly confidential.
By the X-Ray, any portion of the human body can be seen at once, iherkbt locating ibc
™^.?^T S A M^S.l >IS SSSif iT - Pbot °W» made °< ™* P««O" of the interior of
o rr ic E hoh»: X-RAY LABORATORY
Mornings, 0 :30 to 12 M. ; 1 :30 to SP. M. (The largest Institute of its kind west of Chicago )
Eveni 55 D f 3n? t0 Bp> "• Sund8 J" s - Ha.h. to l :30 p. m. 9 MABON BT., San Francisco, Cal.
TO THE UNFORTUNATE 1"* »•«• ;
y^Tlk dr. gibbon ::U[ pW H N T I* Ii j
J|y~^^||l|l This old reliablo and || II LL I II II II 1L 1/ ■
YS&I^W^W&M c ; alist in San Francis- ' ' '^y^'^^i'KXT '»3
Bsi |i SWa eostillcontinuestocure '' vv — -^ CA9 Jre«f— '
fffffl LaWif^iHirtl »'• Sexual and Seminal ♦
SBt.'affllE^MKNSNw Diaeases.such as Ghon- ' ' \\r i /<• « . -iir «
BKHHa?A.%s ; ; women and Girls to Work :
Debility. Impotency, ' ' nil Hrtilf if flirt
.^qJßsSßaiggPi Seminal Weakness.and ' Ull 1 I Ull (ll UIC
-i^^-wOTBiaTOSSi&Kas&i. Lo as o f Manhood, the .
consequence of self abuse and excess produo- ' ' :: • <
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counte- ' rUlt*f\ umvci/n ■ c '
nance dark spots under the eyes, pain in the ' V/lIICU, /HAmYSVILLE, '
head, ringing in the ears, loss of confidence, ! ' ,-r.ii-w. «-»/ '
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitation • GRIDLEY. • '
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and back, ♦ v™«»»a.i- . (
co s n s suLp n tioT r e y tc pimples on the """• cougbs - \ j YUBA CITY and I
I LINCOL N CANNERIES j
fail to consult him and receive the benefit of ' : <
his groat skill and experience. The doctor < i
cures when.others fail. Try him. Cures guar- < > DTrnrW Ilinm/ «T nrr»T uimnrn <
o=. C p^? s w^— ch ~- : STEADY WORK 111 El USES i
Dr. J. F. Gibbon, 655 Kearney street, Sao 2 !
Francisco. Cal. , , -J
' The structures of our company com- <
' ' prise a series of the most comfortable ot <
1 ' interior canneries to work in. Large <
ffi LI I/lIUI MAIU ! p ull^, n es with high roofs, well venti- <
A. 11. IV IJrl I JWIAI 1 latedliy electric fans and other means. <
n. lit nuiiLim in | For healthj romfort and amusement <
~"^^^** m ~~'~~5 w ~'' S"""" i , at this season the localities noted offer
7~T , inducaments ahead of other localities. ]
Contractor and Builder < A^ro«s for particulars the Cannery J
,„.„ , . . . ( Host Convenient to Ton. <
Will do work in any part of < ' ■ <
Amador County. If you want ♦♦♦♦•♦♦♦»♦»•»•♦♦>♦»♦>♦♦♦»<
to build, send a note to Jackson —
Postoffice and I will call on you. y/, /-rvrvr-r..-..
Estimates furnished without cost '• L> 60DFREY
on any kind of building. Will D|||intD IfIIHED 11111 WflDlftD 111 UfflAM
make plans and specifications for uUILUtH, IiUIHtK M WtJKMK IN ROODS
you. mar2tf Water Street, JacUson
IS PREPARED TO DO ALL KINDS OF
plain or ornamental work. Bookcases,
Wardrobes, Commodes, etc, turned out in the
PI YIUinilTH-lAPK^nN most skillful manner. Window Screens and
rL I lI I U UI n JH\jn O U ll Blinds made in short order. Orders Irom tho
country attended to promptly.
DAILY STAGE LINE 7—
Leaves Plymouth 8:30 a.m. G. GHIGWERI & BRO.
JZ£r7\ cosmopolitan liquor store
JOHH STEINEB, - Proprietor unsl , „«/„,.
Dealers in Foreign and Domestic
ANTONE RATTO wines> Liquors and Cigars
Carpenter and Contractor
• Selected Stock of Imported Goods. Choice
. California Winss, popular brands. Eastern
ESTIMATKS UIVEN ON ALL KINDS OF and Domestic B.eers. special bottling. Ha-
work. Jobbing and repairing work at- vana, Key West and New York Cigars. Baur-
tended to promptly. Address at Frcgulla's bon, Bye, Sweet and Sour Wash. Whistle* ot
soov>.lima.4way Jackson. telsbraVxl distilleries^ n«a»«»jwtLOCAL NEWS ITEMS
Settlemßut of Fourth of
July Affairs.
Death of Hiss Hose £. Porter at La
trobe.—Loses Hi» Pocket Book. .
A Social Dance.
Nolan shoes at the Jackson Shoe
Store, always the best to wear. *
W. S. Gilbert has moved his dry
{foods store into the Peary building.
Go where you will, the best saloons
sell Jesse Moore Whiskey. *
Call for the Kingsbury hat at the
Jackson Shoe Store. *
Mrs. J. Nuner of the Central hotel,
has been confined to her bed with a
sprained ankle. She is improving.
New goods arriving daily at the
Jackson Shoe Store. Call and see our
new lines. We are always up-to-date.
In the sick room or on your side
board Jesse Moore "AA" Whiskey is
ndispensiblo. *
Mr. and Mrs. , J, C. Kremmol have
jone to the mountains at Woodford,
Vlpine county, for a three months'
rip. - Vr ,
Fee's of county officers for tbo month
if June were very small, being: County
lerk, 818.70; recorder, $123.75; and
beriff, $6.50.
I Last Sunday the Mokelumne Hill
And Jackson baseball teams played a
same at Piccardo's Park, and the
■ackson boys got left, with a score of
■5 to 5.
I Many of our people enjoyed them
lalves to such an extent in celebrating
■be 4th, that it requires quite an exer
tion to get down to the ordinary duties
■f every day life.
j "Doe" Terry, late of Carters, is in
Flack son looking the tielU over with a
Blew to establishing himself in busl
less here. He is quite favorably im-
Hressod with the town.
LAn eight-months old child of
Rgosto Xativio at Jackson Gate, died
Hst Sunday of infant trouble, and was
Buried last Sunday by uundertakcrs
H liberty and Giovannoni.
9 Judge John F. Davis went to San
Brancisco last Saturday. He returned
Hday and will be in hisoßice tomorrow
Hid *theu return to San Francisco
Monday.
■Mrs. Thomas White, who has been
B^ry sick for a week past with a very
■Jvere case of malignant diphtheria, is
fljonounced by her physician, Dr.
Bbacht, to be out cf danger.
Pfikin troubles, cuts, burns, scalds and
Bating quickly healed by the use of
Sm Witt's Witch Hazel Salve. It is
"■it a ted. Be sure jou get De Witt's—
B)rr's Pharmacy, Jackson.
pfib'ho case of W. K. Kent vs. C. D.
Hapman, apjiealed from justice court
■township No. 1, whs tried in superior
Mirt last Tuesday. W. H. Willis for
gain tiff, and N. A. Macquarrie for de
wdant.
ra'harles Merlon, while handling some
J^»vy timbers at the Kennedy mine,
EH his right hand caught and the end
'■his . finger was torn off. Dr. Gall
it will be necessary to amputate
SI linger.
Jw m. J. McGee and family have gone
.Bbilver lake and other points in the
":Bjh Sierras. They expect to be away
weeks. The trip is taken in
_ hope that it will prove beneficial to
<«,M McGee, who has been in slender
JBth for some time.
jTißcense collector Gregory roports
'-•Wt he collected for the quarter end-
HpHJune 30, the sum of $2507 from the
aof licenses of all kinds. Of this
xffljunt he paid into the treasury the
= of $2356.30, retaining $250.70 as
i'Hmission— 10 per cent for collecting.
: iHstice of Peace Golduer says that
 B|l his experiences there has never
-"ijß, previous to this last 4th, a cele
■ffHion without an arrest of some kind
,tllrinking, fighting or some other mis
--'Bjeanor. This year not one arrest.
_l a(^ P^ es s0 a d * could get no
;,;Bnor find a cure until I tried De
'*_r? w^ch Hazel Salve. After
■ i v ; HV once, I forgot I ever had any
t"» like Piles."— E. C. Boice.Somers
St. N. Y. Look out for imitations.
1 iHp™ y° u aß ' £ * or Witt's. — Kerr's
ra-macy, Jackson.
"■;': I J. Fontenrose, while on his way to
V.JgP VaUey to spend the 4th, lost his
book which contained about
*j hundred dollars and a diamond
r 4;H After searching every whero
i^Bhe could remember having been,
■■BB ought he would examine the car
gliich be bad traveled, and to his
:^BFise, as well as joy, he found it all
' B>uggy robe was lost from one of
tacarriages that took part in the
• jjjjle on the fourth of July celebra
, Bn Jackson. It is supposed that it
What between Marre's hotel and the
C/H bridge ou Main street. The
■-<_T w ' 3e rewar ded by returning
. k 'Bkme to C. M. Kelley of the livery
:. |lar H. Reichling has been ap-
Ijfed manager of the Amador Elec
ffilig-ht Company in Jackson, tosuc
19. Adams. -The company is to be
i Hatulated on this selection. A
v ;- ; Br man could not be found for the
■'■^U Mr. Reichling is steady, reli
iland careful, and in addition
pises a natural aptitude for me
;: Btal and scientific work, all of
lH JB are important factors in carry
fW nt the duties of the position in
■g SSon.
WV >ri H Ledger has received word of- the
; ..1 of Miss Rose E. Porter of
V 9 slje, El Dorado county. She died
■;-:"■}> aged 2G years. Miss Porter
fijen a teacher since 1693, having
.-■ Bed her state educational diploma
?g JUfr the Amador county board at
■ „• ■ne. She was the daughter of
'• _PrP rs * **• P° rt>er < an< * leaves
r ■ d§ her parents, two brothers and
|  r ~"vMisters. She leaves many friends
" " niourn her loss.
[ " : ;: H. Lemin will give a social dance
p S platform erected in the burned
[■■':;-'Bt, Saturday evening, July 13th.
El-, one dollar each. There should,
f ; ' will be, a large at
l ' Mr. Lemin lost heavily by
f , Be fire, and was entirely uninsur
r ] BJsides, he has had sickness in
wily i an( l the lire calamity com-
EU a the top of other misfortunes
i? Xlhis situation one that will eom
bkM-VB 1 ? sympathy of all. The- ball
Sf in the hope that it will help
t£ his feet financially.
Hourtli of July committee have
Eg jgwpund up the affairs of the late
Kllwoi- All bills have been paid
B Br r ar - f° w small accounts
p It be presented, but it is believed
Eg gill be a small balance left after
W' ■* EEg'l g ' a^ i Qt i cD tednes». Everybody
fr H> have been pleased with the
E SioD. The business houses
BBS Mr did a good business; some of
Bj fflli better than on any former
E-". SJion. We have not heard of
Hs-3»P'aints worth speaking of, and
Bji'^Bberbaps without a parallel in
Ht> ; J»ry of such occasions in Jack-
Hv\9j'he small balance— the exact
B Hof which will be given here-
HP l&^ c * le '^ or lc benefit of
Eg w public celebration hore. Wo
X Bird of some talk for the pur-
I m directing it into some other
Your medicine chest is incomplete if
it is not stocked with Jesse Moore
"AA" Whiskey. *
You cannot enjoy perfect health, rosy
cheeks and sparkling eyes if your liver
' is sluggish and jour bowels clogged.
Dd Witt's Little Early Risers cleanse
the whole 6ystum. They never gripe.
— Kerr'e Pharmacy, Jackgon.
The Richmond mine near Plymouth,
having a 20-stamp mill and owned' by
J. J. Crawford, has recently had some
prospect work done on it. a test crush
ing of some of the ore, it is said, giving
very satisfactory results.— Mt. Demo
crat. '; -
In the divorce case of Freshman vs.
Freshman tho plaintiff was granted a
decree, and awarded tho custody of
the children. Attorney J. W. Caldwell
for the plaintiff, and Hon. F. Stewart
for the defendant.
The board of supervisors, as a board
of equalization, met last Monday, and
was prepared to adjust all matters that
might be presented. Only one person
presented himself, and to their surprise
his petition 'was to be allowed to pay
more than be was assessed for.
Miss Kate Driscoll of Amador City,
has given up her position as teacher at
Quartz Mountain, and has been ap
pointed an assistant at the Aetna
school Dear Jackson.
He was a good eon to his old mother,
then let his life ba spared. Evening
subject at M. E. church Sunday, July
14. Morning subject, He that labors
is tempted by one devil; he that is Idle
by a thousand devils.
J. H. Williams, the printer, arrested
and charged with stealing a gun and
jumping a board bill at Sutter Creek,
was taken before Justice Giles at tbat
place last Tuesday, and pleaded not
guilty. He demanded a jury trial, and
his case was set for next Slonday .
At the last regular meeting of the
Italian Benevolent Society of Amador
county, held in Amador City July 9,
the following officers were elected to
serve for the ensuing year: President,
G. Isola of Amador City; Vice-Presi
dent, C. Giovannoni of Jackson; Sec
retary, Wm. Tarn of Jackson; Treas
urer, S. Camnanella of Jackson ; Trus
tees, A. Ginocchio, F. Veglla, D. Berta,
L. Marre and Andrew Caseila. At this
meeting the Society paid out for week
ly sick benefits for two months, $713.
Its members number 170. The net
receipts of the last, picnic amounted to
8401.25. ?:"•-,
Vandalism.
Several plots in the public cemetery
here, have by tlie expenditure of much
time and care, been cultivated and
kept green as a litting tribute to the
memory of loved ones departed. Some
have ' been cultivated with clover.
Among these may be mentioned Mrs.
C. llicbtrnyer, Mr. Forshay, Mr. Dat
son and Mr. Sanders. This week the
clover had attained a growth of three
or four inches, and being in bloom,
looked very nice and attractive. Wed
nesday morning Mr. Forshay visited
the graveyard and found that Mrs.
Richtmyer'B enclosure had been strip
ped of its verdure; also Mr. Forshay 's
and a part of another plot. This has
happened several times. Tho supposi
tion is that it is done during the night,
and that tbo grass is taken for feed for
some domestic animal— such as rabbits.
Tho culprits, if discovered, will no
doubt be prosecuted and punished as
severely as the law will permit. It is
expected that a watch will be kept for
the purpose of catching the parties en
gaged in this contemptible business.
New Quarters.
We have been moving the Ledger
this week into new quarters in the hall
building over Newman's livery stable.
It has been quite a task. Two print
ing plants had to be moved — the Led
ger and Republican plants. The Re
publican plant was kept in the old Re
publican office in Spagnoli's building,
opposite tbo Hall of Records, there be
ing no room to accommodate it in the
Ledger office. Our new office will ac
commodate the material of both plants,
and still have room to spare. It will
take a week or two before we get fairly
settled in our new home, and ' our
readers must bear with our many
shortcomings in the interim. When
finally arranged the Ledger office will
be one of the most commodious and
handily arranged newspaper establish
ments to be found in the state, outside
of the large cities, and our facilities
for turning out work of every kind will
be unexcelled by any town of equal
population in the state.
A Neglected Ordinance.
Last Monday morning one of
Hewitt's 10-mule teams attempted to
round the corner opposite Glnocchio'g
store with a load of logs for the Zeile
mine. The driver waa forced to swing
in too close to the corner on account of
the teams that are left standing in the
street, and tho trailer or rear wagon
struck the post at the corner and was
badly demoralized. Ginocchlo Bros,
say that the supervisors, a year or so
ago, passed an ordinance prohibiting
people from leaving their teams stand
ing at the intersection of Water street
and Broadway, as at that corner the
streets are so narrow that it is very
hard for a big team to turn, but like
many another ordinance it has become
a dead letter.
To Be Sebuilt.
The burnt district will soon be cover
ed by new buildings, and again Jackson
will have a Chinatown that will be, as
it was before, a dangerous fire trap,
for it is well known that the Chinamen
never make an effort to extinguish
flames, but the moment a fire starts
they scatter in every direction, and re
turn after all excitement is over. W.
S. Gilbert, the carpenter, has been en
gaged to put up one building, and as
soon as he has finished that he will
start in on a row of buildings two
stories high fronting on Main street.
Hank Tallon has already commenced
tho erection of a building on the site of
tho building that was occupied by
Thomas Lerniu as a saloon.
A County Agent Wanted-
For the wonderful "Tessla" Welsbach
Kerosene Lamp, the only lamp in ex
istence which gives a full 100 candle
power light, as brilliant as a Welsbach
gas burner, at a cost of H cents per
The oil usednight. in this lamp is
ordinary kerosene or petroleum.
Agents are coining money with this
light, as it surpasses anything ever
brought before the public. For
further particulars enclose 2c stamp
and address Tessla Kerosene Lamp Co..
239 Koarny St., San Francisco.
6-7-1 mo.
Petit Larceny.
Constable Lessley of Volcano,
brought in a man named T. J. Rondal,
who was charged with stealing a small
amount of tobacco from a store at that
place. Rondal was tried and convicted
of petit larceny, and sentenced to
fifteen days.
X. E. Church Services.
Preaching every Sunday at 11 a. in. and 7:30
p. m. Sunday school, -p. in. ; Epworth League,
6:45 p. m. Prayer meeting every Thursday,
7:30. F. A. Morrow, pastor. t
Pioneer Flour always has been
and still is tha beet. - *,~ *•««*
THE AMADOE IEB&ER: JACKSON, CALXFOBisXA., FRIDAY. JTJLX 12, 1901.
THAT FATAL FALL.
Obren Vaeilievich's Deatii dne to his own
Act.
Coronet' Gritton held an inquest on
the sth of July ou the body of Obren
Vasilievich, wno lost his life in the
Zeila shaft on the 4th. Tho following
jurors were sworn to investigate tbo
matter:' 'B. W. Ketcham. L. Poggi,'
W. L. Fortner, C. W. Freeman, An
drew Perovieb, P. Buffington and W.
E. Kent.
James Conk, the skiptender, who
was in the skip with deceased when
the accident occurred, testified that
it was a few minutes before the dinner
hour, and we were on the way up out
of the shaft, I noticed something un
usual in, the way the skip ran, and re
marked "We must oil the skip before
wo come down after dinner." Vasilie
vich made no answer. When about 80
feet from surface tho skip gave a big
jerk, and I saw that deceased wanted
to jump out and pull tbo bell wire. 1
told him not to do so. I pulled tho
wire and saw him no more alive. I
heard him falling down the shaft. The
condition of the shaft was good. One
wheel got off tho track, three remain
ing on. Ido not consider it a serious
matter for a wheel to get off track. . It
takes about six miuutes to come from
the bottom of shaft— looo feet— to the
surface. . After I rang the bell, the
skip went about four feet. Do not
know why skip left track. Track may
have spread at that particular poiut.
Oil or no oil would have made no
difference. Deceasod was quick and
excited, and tried to jump ou center
brace.
W. J.-Harvey said it was the daily
custom to look at the track going up
and down. Inspected tho track imm
ediately after the occurrence. Track
was a little too wide at that particular
Elace. Constant running of skip may
aye caused rails to spread and skip to
run off track.
D. Hall; the engineer, and W. John,
the foreman, testified.
The body of deceased was found at
the 1000 foot level.
-The jury returned a verdict to the
effect that the deceased came to his
death by falling down the shaft of the
Zeila mine, and that the accident was
the result of his own conduct in at
tempting to jump out of skip.
The deceased was a single man. He
had been working in the Zoila about
nine months. The romaius were buried
in the Greek church cemetory, Rev.
Father Dabovich officiating.
Brutal Treatment.
A couplo of intoxicated fellows came
into town last Monday driving a small
brown borso to a top buggy. The
horse was about exhausted, and was
wet with.swoat. They had been beat
ing the poor horse until his sides were
covered with welts and bruises; his
mouth was bleeding, and it would have
been a physical impossibility for him
to go very much farther. They were
using a heavy loaded buggy whip, and
usiug tho heavy end at that, to boat
tbo poor horse. They came into town
on tho ruD, and as they passed Mr.
Oscar Reicliling, who was coming in
on horseback the fellows struck him a
blow with their heavy whip which
brought the blood from Mr. Reichling's
cheek. They drove to Newman's liv
ery K harn and loft tbeir horse and
buggy. ~Thoy had thrown thoir whip
away, or dropped it, as it was found
in the street just after they had pass
ed by.
Sheriff [ Gregory arrested them and
placed them behind tho bars. They
refused to give their names to tho of
ficers, but later it was ascertained that
thoy were Mike Worden and his friend
Herman Smith. Worden is tho man
that did the work. Smith was but
slightly under the influence, and told a
very straight story; he claims that
Worden is the owner of tho horse and
that the horse got contrary and would
Insist on running while Worden wanted
him to trot, and that the whipping
was done to make him obey his owner's
commands. It is learned that Wordon
and Smith live at Paloma, and that
they were out for a. good time and got
an overdoso of whiskey.
Herman Smith went to Paloma after
bonds for his friend Worden. He came
back fortified with a bond for one
hundred dollars, but made tbo mistake
in the character of tho charge against
Worden. He thought from tho talk
made about ths abuse of the horse
that the charge would be "cruelty to
animals, " but found that it was bat
tery. Wordon pleaded guilty, and
was fined fifty dollars.
State School Honeys.
The state superintendent of public
instruction, Thomas I. Kirk, has ap
portioned the state school money to
the several counties. Amador ' county
receiving $8,558.16. Geo. A. Gordon*
county superintendent of public in
struction for Amador county, has ap
portioned tho eevoral districts as
follows:
.Etna, $247; Amador City, $046;
Antelope, $61.73; Bridgeport, $9.50;
Buena Vista, $70.25; Camp Opra,
$47.50; Carbondale, $12.75; Charity,
$61.75: Charleston, $76; Clinton, $76;
Drytown, $256.50; Enterprise, $52.25;
Forest Home, $76; Franklin, $71.25;
Gilbert, $71.25; Grapevine, $28.50;
lone, $817; Jaokson, $152U.50; Jackson
Valley, $109.25; Julian, $128.25; Lancha
Plana, $52.25; Middlo Bar, $85.50;
Middle Fork, $76; Milligan, $61.75; Mt.
Echo, $90.25; Mt. Pleasant, 833.25; Mt.
Springs, $23.75; N. Y. Ranch, 555.50;
Oleta, $90.25; Onelda, $270.75, Pigeon
Creek, $61.75; Pine Grove, $61.50;
Pioneer, $80.75; Plymouth, $479.75;
Quartz Mt., $104.50; Rancheria, $76;
Slate Creek, $57; Spring Valley, $57;
Stony Creek, $57; Suttor Crook,
$1529.50; Union, $128.25; Volcano,
$223.25; Williams, $104.50; Willow
Springs, $47.50.
Hospital Matters.
The county physician reports fifteen
patients admitted to the hospital in
June; 17 discharged, and 3 deaths.
Number of patients July 1, 51.
Tho following wore admitted— John
Kenmore, Thomaa Monahan, >D. G.
Morse, Win. Scott, Carl Helsig, Olive
Randall, D. T. Shoemaker, Donis
Gleason, James Doyle, Miss K. Potty,
John Ober, Otto Monller, N. Barto
lorao, Mike Rail, and James Burns.
Discharged — Fred Anderson, J. W.
Beavers, Cleivs Forbes, P. Kannecn,
It. D. Jones, H. D. Martin, Auton
Silver, Wm. Walsh, Thomas Ferris,
J. S. Judd, L>. G. Morse, Wm. Scott,
D. F. Shoemaker, Denis Gleason, Jas.
Doyle, fcleanor Petty and John Ober.
Died— John Konmore and Joseph
La France.
Wanted at The Amador-Phoenix Mine.
One '-0-horeo power boiler andougine
and one 10-horse power boiler. Ad
dress,
L. J. Fontenrose, Secretary,
Jackson, Cal.
Sunday Fire.
Last Sunday a fire was started in an
out-house at Suttcr Creek, and attain
ing considerable headway, soon worked
its way to tho ranch of Elmer Tannor
on tho rocky ridge road. Messengers
on horseback, summoned men from
around the neighborhood to fight fire,
and after some bard work the flames
were extinguished. Had the tire gone
much farther a large amount of hay
that was itaoked in ttie geld would
' ha.v» teen destroyed.
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
DBEDS.
R. B. Wight el al to William Brown
—Lot in Oleta; 8400.
Isaac McClary toll. 13. Wight— Frae.
of land in sectiou 31, township 8 north,
range 11 oast; 5.66 acres: $150.
Geo. W. Watkins to Geo. W. Brown
—Lot 39, block 22. and frac. lot 3,
block 6. Sutter; frac. of land in section
18, townsbip t5 north, range 11 east;
$500.
George Woolsoy to Oscar F. Burris—
Lot 2. block 15, lone; $400.
D. H. Rule to Goo. Bray ft al— Frac.
of land in section 19, townsbip 7 north,
ranpe 12 east, with dumping privileges;
$10.'
Geo. Bray et al to W. Ti. Glenn—
Same; also laud in stjetion 20, townsbip
7 north, ranjre 12 east; also Upper
Ranchoria ditch and other property;
$3.00.
Duncan Robertson to G. W. [larn —
Quincy or D. . Robertson <,*. M. near
Defender; $1.00.
W. H. Glenn to 11. D. Hiehards—
Same as supra "21"— 520; $I,l*oo.
MINING RECORDS.
Proof of labor of M. .1. Silvia— On
Colorado mining claim, Union Camp
district. •
Proof of labor of W. EL Glenn— On
Blue Gravel and Blue Tent Placers,
Rancheria mining district.
Location notice of G. Cassineili ot al —
Land iv section !). '.township 7 north,
range 12 cast; Volcano naming district.
MISCELLANEOUS RECORDS.
Notice of non responsibility of Caro
line Fitzgerald — Notico of non re
sponsibility for expenditures ou the
Viali Placer, Oleta district.
Notice of non responsibility of C. W.
Waitt et al — Notico of non responsibili
ty for expenditures on Telegraph Hill
Placers, Oleta district.
MORTGAGES.
Oscar Burris to George Wool~ev-r
Lot 2, block 15; lone; $200.
J. P. LiUletoG. Brignardello— Frac.
lot 1, block 2, being lot 14, J of subdiv.
of saint-; $500.
CHATTEL MORTGAGE.
F. A. Creason to J. : Mukluon—
Horses, harness, &c.,; $05.
SATISFACTION OF MORTGAGE.
Sat. ack. by G. Brignardello, mort
gagee; mortgage executed by J. p.
Little— Frac. lot 2, block 2, Jackson.
CERTIFICATE OF REDEMPTION.
Certificalo of redemption of Evans
and Fitzgerald — Mining claim in sec
tiou IS, township 7 north, range 12
east.
MARRIAGE LICENSES FOR JUNE.
Geo. Whitehead and Gertrude John
son.
John Ferryman aud Jessio Prolhoro.
Walter L. Cox and Mary E. Taylor.
Lorenzo Cuneo and Theresa K. Mol
fino.
G. B. Ratto and Theresa Brijniar
dello.
Thos. J. Bennetts and Mabel Bowden.
Carlo Giovannoni and Fernanda
Donati.
Jas. W. Taylor and Laura K. Case.
Mmmg 1 Notes.
Kennedy— Sinking operations at the
east shaft wero resumed last Monday,
after a suspension of a week or more,
caused by the air compressor fritting
out of repair. According to all re
ports, tho mine is looking well. Not
withstanding tho great depth attained,
tho Kenuedy gives promise of eclipsing
its wonderful record of the past in the
bullion production of the next few
years. There are vast reserves of ore
In the lower levels, and some of it of
high grade.
Good Hope— Tho patont for this
mino has been received at tha Sacra
mento land otlicb. * Application was
made over three years ago. but owing
to tho fact that a portion of the claim
lay within tho townsito and other
points of conflict with vested rights, tho
title could not be cleared until a com
promiso was effected with the parties
in interost. Tho property is consider
ed by many to bo a very promising one,
and now that thero can be no longer
any question about the title, it" is
thought no trouble will be met with in
getting capitalists to take hold and de
velop it. , . r.'
Onoida — Reports were current this
week that a strike' of rich rock had
been made in this mine. By inquiries
at the ollice, however, we were unable
to confirm these rumors. The mino is
running along smoothly, with no
change of any moment to report. .
Del Monte — A meeting of the stock
holders of this company was h^ld in
Jackson July 1. All the old officers
were re-elected. Tho prospects of the
mine are very encouraging. Prepara
tions are being made to make a test
run of 30 tons of ore taken from the
east drift. The company have also
located another claim, called the River
side, ad j lining the Del Monto on the
north— a full claim. They have also
secured a new mill sito on tho Cala
veras river.
Peerless— Driftiug is in progress at
this mine, both east and west. . The
west drift has entered softer material,
which is taken as indicating a near ap
proach to tho ledge.
Notice.
A $10 reward will bo given to the
finder of this lost uorso as described —
lie is of a sorrel color with white face
aud nose, and also two white hind feet.
Branded L. T. on hip. He is very
short and stout built, weighing about
1100 pounds. If any ono has soon such
horse, notify mo at ouce.
Frank grillo,
Campo Seco,
Calaveras County,
Cal.
Fresh cakos can bo bad at Cami
netti'a Central Market at all times. *
We live by our blood, and on
it. We thrive or starve, as
our blood is rich or poor.
There is nothing else to live
on or by.
When strength is full and
spirits high, we are being re-
freshed, bone muscle and brain,
in body and mind, with con-
tinual How of rich blood. "
This is health.
When weak, in low spirits.
no cheer, no spring, when rest
is not rest and sleep is nol
sleep, we are starved ; our blood
is poor; there is little nutri-
ment in it.
Back of the blood, is food,
to keep the blood rich. When
it fails, take Scott's Emulsion
of Cod Liver Oil. It sets the
whole body going again — man
woman and child.
If you have not tried it, send for free sample,
its agreeable taste will surprise you.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists
«ojhjs Pearl Street, York,
3»Q,W< {<,«•} »» Stuffs**.
FROM OTHER PLACES
Correspondence . of Interest
to Our Readers.
The Celebration at Volcano a Success.
..Biee2y News from Plymouth and
. A ; ;.Shenandoah Vallay.
. VOLCANO, .July Si— Tho fourth pass
ed off very quietly in our. small town.
On account ofse.veral sprious cases of
sickness tho cannon could not bo fired
this year. Fire crackers wcro not very
much in evidence cither. Tha Wcs"t
Point band, which furnished tbo -'music
for tho ball, arrived in the afternoon.
They favored us' with, some clioico
music in the open air,- and towards
evening .tlie streets i assumed a rather
animated aspect. Tho dance ;was in
every respect a groat success, both
financially and; socially. The hall was
nicely decorated; tho music full of life,
and the attendance more than could be
expected considering.other attractions
iv various places in the county. We
had the great pleasure of seeing quito
a number of ou-r friends from" Sutler
and Amador and also from West Point.
Wo aid our bost.to please the strangors,
and I fear not to state that they haJ a
good time." ; Mrs.'. P. Jonas aud Miss
Mary ,Q,r.ilt.o were ou. the "committee,.
and deserve great, credit, fo-r .■'carVyidg
out all the arrangements successfully.
Tho Native Daughters will . have a
handsome surplus as the consequence*
in.spito of tho -largo expenses for music
and other things. >j.--;
The town looks almost 'deserted after
tho holiday. A great many of tho boys
are employed in the gravel mine in
Ranclieria, severul.othors havo gone to
tho sawmill and aomo to- tho ditch, so
the streets, are not very lively in., the
day time;
Bon Ross, who lias had a severe at
tack of paralysis, . is showing remark
able vitality, and it.=eems not impossible,
iv spito of his ago, that ho may again
bo seeu around. .' . •
P. A. .Clulcj,.wlio has been suffering
for about a; inonth -with congestion of
tho liver,' is mending slowly. .He ex
pects to ■bo down town in "a short
whilo: . ' .
L. H. Cook has moved his family to
Wiley's, where ho is doing business.
Ho has thoroughly renovated tho sta
tion and reports traveling on the road
lively. Tho Bear River stage stops' at
his place for chango of horses.
Grandad.
PLYMOUTH.
Plymouth, . July 10th — A social
danco was given in Shields' hall last
Saturday evening. A large crowd at
tended and enjoyed themselves.
Miss Emma Normau, who has been
tho guest of her aunt, Mrs. Gcorgo
Xoe, for the past week, returned to
her homo iv San Francisco, Monday.
Quito a number from here attended
the dance given a t Oleta the 4th.
Raymond Pulkih camo up from
Stockton this week to visit relatives
hero.
Mrs. Georgo Kipp is on the sick Hst.
Mr. D. IJurko and family,' Dr. Nor
mau and wife, and Mr. Carroll, started
for tho mountains last Monday whero
they intend spending the larger part
of summer in fishing and hunting.
Mrs. Eastern sr., who has been
stricken with paralysis, is reported
very low- to-day." Her, daughters of
Oakland, Meedames Norris and Gor
don, cauie'up Sunday.
Mr. Willfam Butler, accompanied by
Mrs. John Tippetts and Misses Laura
Dugan and Bessie Jacobs, paid a flying
trip to Jackson aud Sutter Sunday.
Mr. and Mrs. Bert Sexton, who have
been residing near tho Thornton mine
for a period of time, movod to Ply
mouth last Thursday.
Joint installation of the Odd Follows
and Kiibekahs was held here Monday
evening. Miss Maud Brown was iu
stalled Noblo Grand and Mrs. Wm.
Kronning Vice-Grand of tho Plymouth
Rebekah LoilgoNo 65. A numbor of
invited guests attended tbo installation,
all en joy ing. themselves.
Our quiet town was startled by an
alarm of fire last Saturday about boon.
The lire was discovered about a mile
north of Plymouth, weuiling its way
toward the Sheuandoah Valloy. By
back liring, the Plymouth and Sheuan
doah liro brigades soon had tho fire
undor control before any great damage
could be done.
Miss Carrie Begor of Latrobe, is em
ployed as waitress at tho Adams House.
Mr. Rayntond Dohiaan left Monday
tor Merced.--'"
Mrs. Bcrtlia Miller of Salinas, is the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Axford.
Miss Blancho Bennetts wont to Oak
land this week.
Alfred Gregory of Sutter Creek, is
tho guest ofliis aunt, Mrs. Gerrans.
Mrs. Will Taylor and Miss Borlha
Taylor wcro' in town Tuesday. Miss
Bcssio Jacobs of San Joso, who has
been visiting 'here, accompanied them
to their homo in Amador. Omeco.
SHENANDOAH VALLEY.
SUENANDOAII VALLEY, July 10.—
Fire broke out in tho wostorn cud of
the valley, near tho Shcnandoah mine,
last Friday afternoon, and several
hour's hard work wore required to put
it out. A thick pall of smoko over tho
same tract Saturday morning acted as
a fresh alarm, which was responded to
as before. Tho weary fighters re
turned to dinner -feeliug all secure,
when llames broke out afresh in fury.
The third was the fiercest of nil, but
was subdued without much, damage.
It was thought : the second outbreak
came from some smouldering log which
was overlooked the first day, but tho
third blaze was undoubtedly of incendi
ary origin. Tho fire-bug aud ' his
motives arc alike mysteries.
Mrs." M: Lewis of Sau Fraucisco, is
visiting in tho Valley.
Miss Kubyo Byrnes is seriously ill at
the home of her grandfather, A. J.
Grain.
Mr. and Mrs; O. Uall wont to li Pi
Valley last week:' Charles and Frej
Ball and sister Mabel, who have been
spending the summer in li Pi. eaine
homo for tbb Fourth. Tho young
people returned to camp last Sunday,
and Mr. and Mrs. Ball returned homo
the next day.
Sheuandoah was well represented in
Jackson last Thursday. Tho delega
tion had its ears split by the concussion
of much powder, its' nostrils filled with
tho smell of the same, walked and
stood till more weary than from a day
in harvest, and altogether had a de
lightful time and a most glorious cele
bration. Quito a crowd of Valleyitos
were attracted to Oleta, and had an
enjoyable day in that small but lively
burg. .'• ■■ ■ -■-•'-; ;
It is now almost exactly ton years
sinco your correspondent ventured her
lirst letter to the Ledger, and tho
kindly treatment accorded to ' the
novice by Mr. Wobb then, as now, tho
editor, has never fadod . from her
memory. That ho may pass many
pleasant years in his comfortablo edi
torial chair, is the wish of Shan.
Thoso famous little pills, Do Witt's
Littlo Early Risers will remove all im
purities from your system, cleanse your
bowels, make them regular,— Kerr's
Pharmaoy, Jackson,
A GOOD SHOW.
Hal the Healer and his Artists are Oreat.
Hal tho Healer, who opened up here
with his free open air show, anil who is
nightly performing wonders with his
medicine, is most certainly a surprise
;to tho multitudes. The many wonder
ful cures that Hal haa performed ba3
had tho effect of convincing 1 the people
. that his remodies are good, it is very
evident that Hal is a close student of
human nature and has mastered the
pecret of ho-.v to amuse a3 well as how
to cure people. ' Hal's object in life is
to euro and amuse, and without a doubt
iie is amusing all who attend his
uightly performances.
We cannot close this article without
referring to some of the special features
of his entertainments, prominent
among which is Hamp and his trained
Oog "Toady the diving dog," that
dives forty feet. He exhibits great in
telligence, and his actions would con
vince tho most skeptical that ho
possesses reasoning powers like a
human being though probably less in
degree. The Irish comedian is well
up in his business and will soon con
vince those who liston to him that he
is a true son of tho sod and was, before
leaving Ireland, suspended from the
roof of Blarney castle, head downward,
and kissed the stone while hanging
there. Tho nogro character is repre
sented by a gouuino son of Ham, who
is an artist in his line, and his singing
and dancing is worth going miles to
gee. Tho stand, stage and grounds are
lightod with electricity, and every
thing is in ! up-to-date shape, ' and wo
advise everybody to go and see Hal and
his show."  *
Building Notes,
A. 11. Kuhlman has secured the con
tract to build a parsonage in connection
with tho Greek church of Jackson.
Tbo building will bo erected on the
some lot as the church, and will cost
about' sßoo.
S. W. Bright is about to erect a new
slaughter house. Mr. Kuhlman has
the contract.
The building of tho Episcopal church
has been started. The first load of
lumber was hauled ou the premises
several days ago. C. W. Swain is the
architect and builder.-
"I havo been troubled with indiges
tion for ten years, have tried many
things and spent : much money to no
purpose until 1 tried Kodol Dyspepsia
Cure. I have lakon two bottles and
gotten more relief from them than all
other medicines taken. I feel more
liko a boy than I havo felt In twenty
years." Anderson Kiggs of Sunny
Lane, Tex. Thousands have testified
as did Mr. Riggs. — Kerr's Pharmacy,
Jackson. '
The Ecst Prescription For Malaria.
. Chills and Fovor is a bottle of Grove's
Tasteless Chill Tonic. . Itis simply Tron
and Quinluo in a tasteless form. No
cure, no pay. Price. 50c. ."••,'■
may 21-Oiu.
The Finest Building Lots.
Remember that W. P. look has the
tTnest building lots for sale in Jackson.
Terms easy. See display advertisement
in this paper. 3-2-tf
Our First Midsummer Clearance Sale
This auuouucemeut will briug the money saving folks here iv crowds — they know
just what to expect — the richest, nerviest bargains auy store ever dared to offer. Prices
no other store dares to meet. The time for clearing decks for Fall trade has arrived.
From now ou reductious will come faster and faster. We have had the season's profit.
We can well afford to let the balance of this summer stock rush out at lower and lower
prices — of course if you come quickly, choosing will be much easier, because assort-
ments are much better. You can make oue dollar here do the work of two in auy othe r
store. Please understand these are only hints of Clearance Sale Bargains.
You'll find the store crowded and jammed with others just attractive.
■-■.-•-•-• ■
— « ■
ioc Colored Hair Pins White Tape Colored 15c Dressing
Garter Elastic 6 pkgs.' for 6 Rolls for Sewiug Silk Comb
So S , C iSt lk ,^F cJKIk *|^f
Hooks, Eyes S~^Pcrf^ ™™%? Good Corsets ™>cWs
6 Cards loilet ooap f * Stt • ».
Safety Pins ioc Tooth Good Pius T? . 2 5 C ;. D .£ U Silk ■;
3 doz Brushes 6 Pkgs Bells Rlbb ii ° 2U2 U^ V c orth
Ludtes' $1.00 Wrappers,, light or T3tt ggf 1 iney r*i£* "TS A To . s Sy^ c
dark, of good Percale, cut wide; ' -J=JXI S^illig 1 OXlOe _=3SClg_ll__S
trimmed with braid; price 650 Men's Pino Dress Shoes, black Ladies' Dongola Kid Oxfords; flex-
Ladies' $1.50 Porcalo Wrappers, Vioi Kid, lace or Congress; tho ible soles; coin toe; regular $1.25
with deep flounce, extra wide; $2.00 kind; now for $1.50 value; now ' 76c
i 'l-Tli'T^'w 98 ° AU shaDes and st J' lus ° f t «*>- Ladi °s' Tan Kid Oxfords; hand-
Ladies $2 00 Porcalo Wrappers; brated W. L. Douglas $2.00 shoe turned soles; vesting top; coin toe;
noute; ° very So; hor6 at $2 " 50 shoo; ?oducod t0 «- 25
sleoves trimmed with braid $1.23 Mon'a Kip Croodmore Soft Leather Old Ladies' Comfort; Congress on-
2BuoloUof Percale Shirt Waists Working Shoe, lace or buckle; ly; patont tip; flexible soles; $1.65
to close; lot 1,50 c, 75u and $1.00 screwed tap sole; 0 rows of nails; quality; salo pneo 75c
values; salo price 25c °t W^our m-iee overyw^ I"I "S 0 Ladies' Vici Kid Shoe; stock tiu;
Lot 2, all the $1.25, $1.50 and at $-.00, oui puce $1.00 vesting top; coin toe; flexible sole;
$2.00 values 500 Ourss.oo French Kip Miners' Boots was $3.00; now $2.15
All our $1.50 Trojan Waists . . .$l.OO heavy nailod solos; n0w ..... .$3.75 children , s vicL Kid shoe; vostl
All our $2.00 Trojan Waists ...$1.50 Ladies' Summer Oxfords, of tan or kid top; button or lace; spring
Ladies' Linen Crash Skirts, fancy canvas; French heols; flexible heel; flexible soles: regular $1.50
braided front; $1.50 value 7l»c soles; $1.50 grade $1.00 value; sale price We
Household Necessities I Veronica Water, 50c bottles 33c
.., rT  . ■'■, •'_ ..  , Uythinia Water, 35c bottle 20c
6Jc Unbleached Toweling, soft fln^ Paine , s Celer _ Compound $1
10c Glass "Toweling/ 15 in." wide.' 'Me /«\ D covm-v rC $i 3003 00 G boUre ™ e<ilC * 1
9-4 Bleached Sheeting, 22Jc grade^ | This A^A *he "p^sSoiSe': ]Z
81cBieachedMuslin,"'yai'dwide".!.5c ! is the /tPL, \ Store j Dl- - Kin g' 8 N ew Disc'ry, $1 bot. .70c
«3e Apron Gingham, standard I WfiA \ I i^ or ' 1^ Prescription,
nloth 4_ it 'v A'Ji'fyf f \ • $J.w DoiiiG -70c
BJc Cheviot" Shining." Striped" "or I ..AM/.A ' or ' B ?, air t V fc $ f V,°° bottl °-
chucked 5c B - •- WV-'-)i Swamp Root, 50c bottles 35c
tuBLKLu...... uo h b __ — |«A —^ J you can j Scott's Emulsion, $1.00 bottle ...75c
Good heavy 10c towel, 1 tx_9 .c f_T^_l£_'^ I i B' - °mo Seltzor, 50c size 38c
150 Unbleached Bath Towel, double , V__7?«ra'3w * i Bromo Seltzer, 25c size .. 19c
warp 9c j ooes m,Tw«tg^ trade in carter's Little Liver Pills, 25c botlsc
$1.00 grade White Bedspread, Mar- Warner's Safe Cure, $1.25 bottle.Bsc
seilles pattern 69c things X^v.« <•"& safety Joy 's Vegetablo Sarsaparilla, $1.00
54-inch Bleached Tablo Damask, . b ?. U1 V \7 • " ;•••_;.•• •;• "•• •.•• 70c
worth 37Jc 25c L s>» Pinkham's Blood Puriher,
o- ,->•! t> j"m u"ti « . i $1.00 bottle 75c
3oc Oil Red Table Linen, fast color, Lydia p inkham . a Compound, $1.00
2oc bottle 75Q
SUPERIOR COURT.
Hon. n c. nusT, jci-ce.
July S— L. Oassinelli & Bro. vs. .las.
Shealor — Continuance granted until
July IS, on condition that defendant
p^y plaintiff costs incurred: to dato.
Defendant allowed to amend answer of
general denial.
Freshman vs. Freshmau— Decree of
divorce granted: custody of two minor
children awarded to plaintiff.
July 9— W. Z. Kent vs. C. D. Chap
man — Case tried and submitted.
PROBATE.
Estate of W. Spray and estate of A.
A. Van Sandt — Order to show cause
continued to July 27.
Estate of F. Corre— Hearing on final
account settled, and decree of distribu
tion granted.
Estate of Biasotti— Continued until
July 20.
"Last winter I was contincd to my
bod with a very bad cold on the lungs.
Nothing gavo mo relief. Finally ray
wife bought a boltlo of One Minute
Cough Cure that effected aspeedycurc.
I cannot speak too highly of that excel
lent remedy."— Mr. T. K. Houseman,
Manatawney, Pa.— Kerr's Pharmacy,
Jackson.
Malaria Make 3 Impure Blood.
Grove's Tasteless Chill Tonic euros
Malaria. 50c. may 24-6 m.
A complete assortment of groceries
and canned goods for campers and
picnickers at A. B. Caminottis Central
Market. ■. 5-3-tf.
You will waste time if you try to euro
indigestion or dyspepsia by starving
yourself. That only makes it worse
when you do eat heartily. You always
need plenty of good food properly
digested. Kodol Dyspepsia Cure is the
result of years of scientific research for
something that would digest not only
some elements of food bui every kind.
And it is the one remedy that will o do
it.— Korr's Pharmacy, Jackson.
Malaria Causes Biliousness-
. Grove's Tasteless Chill Tonic removes
tho cause. may 24-6 m.
BORN.
NATIVIO.— At Jackson Gate, July 7, 1901,
infant child of Mr. and Mrs. A. Nativio, aged
8 months.
: . died.
VASILIEVICH.— In Jackson. July 4, 1001.
Obren Vasillcvicn, a native of Austria, agod
.as years. .
:>!. UKTTINGEB s. N. KNIGHT •
KNIGHT a CO.
Fouiifiryl Machine. Shop
Sutter Creek. Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact that wo keep constantly on hand a largo
and complete stock of bar, rcUned and Norway
iron, gas pipe, gas lutings, etc., which wo will
soil at tho LOWEST CASH PRICES.
Kodol
Dyspepsia Cure
Digests what you eat*
This preparation contains all of this
digestants and digests all kinds of
food. It gives instant relief and neyer
fails to cure. It allows you to eat all
the food you want. The most sensitiTe
stomachs can take it. By its use many
thousands of dyspeptics have been
cured after everything else failed. It
prevents formation ofgas on the stom-
ach, relieving all distress after eating.
Dietingunnecessary. Pleasant to take.
It can't help
but do you good
Prepared only by E.G. DeWitt & Co., Ohicuo
Tho SI. bottle contains 2JJ times tbo 50c tiz*.
Kerr's Pharmacy, Jackson.
Constable's Sale. !
BY VIRTUE OF AN EXECUTION IS-
sued out of the Just tee's Court of Number
Five Township, County of Amador, State of
California, dated the 21st day of June, 1801, in a
certain action wherein John Edslnger as
Plaintiff, recovered judgment against S. H.
Delemater, defendant, for Thirty five Dollars
and JIS.SJS costs of suit on the 21st day of June,
I have levied upon the following described
proporty, to wit : Lot No. one (1) in Block No. 8
and Lot No. live (o) in Block No. 7 as marked
and designated on the official map of Oleta,
Amador County, California. Also— l Stove; I
Bureau; 1 Bedstead. ■ ■ -! -
Notico is hereby givon that on Saturday, ths
JOth day of Jnly. 1901, at 11 o'clock A. M. of that
day, at Oleta, county of Amador, I will stll all
the right, title and interest of said S. H. Dale-
ma iHliJ 1 Bnd t0 tne abov e-described property,
at PUBLIC AUCTION, for cash, gold coin, to
the highest and best bidder, to satisfy said
execution and all costs.
Wm. Scobls.
Dated at Plymouth, the 21st day of June, 1901.
CHEAP BURDENS LOIS FOR IE
Lots for sale in the Webb-Mason'
tract. Will be cold at bed-rook
prices, for cash, or on instalment
plan. Lots fronting on Stump
and Contor streets. Before pur-
chasing a residence lot call at
Ledgek office and get prices.
JACKSON - - --. . . CAL.
"DICHABD WEBB
United States Commissioner
JACKSON, CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other filings:
taking of final proofs and all other . Land
Business.
Deeds and other legal dooumenta drawn up.
Agent for Phoenix Assurance Company of
London, and Washington. Providence Fire In-
surance Companies. je32tf
<| anything yon invent or improve; also ret! '
j! CAVEAT.jRADE-MARK. COPYRIGHT OTDESKiN
!» PROTECTION. Send model, sketch, or photo.! !
* for free examination and advice. • !
I BOOK ON PATENTS &%£££
! G.A.SNOW& CO.
«| Patent Lawyers. WASH I NGTON, D.C. !. GINOCCHIO & BROTHER SSr» n |
GENERAL MERCHANDISE ||
Water Street, foot of Broadway, - - - Jackson. H|
We take pleasure in informing our patrons and the public gen- «&?
erally that we have on hand a very choice and selected stock of gys
Dry Goods of all kinds, Groceries and Provisions, Clothing,
Boots and Shoes. We particularly direct the attention of the Mil
public to the fact that we keep on hand the largest assortment of ggg
Iron and Steel to be found in Amador county. Also a superior S®
assortment of all kinds of Hardware, such as Carriage Bolts, §§§
bcrews, Nuts, and in fact, everything the market demands. We
are sole agents for the celebrated Hurcules Powder, of which we f&!
shall constantly keep on hand a large supply. (fj*\
NEW NATIONAL HOTEL.
Foot of Main Street, Jackson, Cal.
First-class Accommodation for Travelers
at Reasonable Prices.
SAMPLE ROOM FOR COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS.
Booms newly furnished throughout. Table supplied with the best
in the market Bar supplied with the Finest brands of Wines, Liquors
and Cigars.
F. A. Voorheis, = - Proprietor,
l E. G. FREEMAN & CO. I
m Gent's Working and Driving Gloves m
6S Soaps, Perfumes and Toilet Articles <J»
W Paints, Oil, Varnishes and Brushes v#
Y& •••••••• /a
| •••General Varieties.*. %
XC ........ /A
C) FIRST-CLASS WORK DONE IN OUR W
H Harness and Saddlery Annex 'fc
ff\ . Telephone 441 Main. Jackson, Cal. (fi
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION...
*V Made from SELECTED WHEAT
•*li Blended according to our own Formula
+W Producing perfect results and
jL Bread divinely fair and feathery light
f Sweet to the palate's touch and
\& Snowy White.
4 PIONEER FLOUR MILLS, Sacramento.
A Curious Chinese Cnstoui.
According to the rule sanctioned by
centuries of Chinese observance, no
document can have the authority of the
Imperial throne of China unless it bears
a red spot placed there by the sover
eign. To the grand council the tsung-
H-yamen and all other departments of
state take their business, and the grand
council In its turn considers all docu
ments and attaches to each a piece of
red paper on which Its own decision is
written. Each ' morning at daybreak
the grand council proceeds to the pal
ace to submit tbe papers to the sover
eign, who as each document is pro
duced signifies approval by making a
small spot with a brush on tbe margin
of the red paper. With the red spot
upon It the paper Is the most sacred
thing In the world to a Chinaman; with
out It It may be torn to shreds with Im
punity.—Leslie's Weekly.
Out of His Latitude.
He understood all about the sun and
the moon and tbe stars and something
about the weather. Indeed, he was
popularly supposed to regulate this
last, and his Indication of probabilities
was received as gospel by his admiring
fellow citizens in a certain southern
colony of Australia. He went to Eng
land for a well earned holiday. »
He was shown over a celebrated fruit
garden there. He was observed to be
sniffing about as if something were
wrong. They asked him what was the
matter. "Well," he replied, "these fun
ny fellows have trained their peach
trees against tbe south side of the wall
to get the midday sun instead of
against the north."— London Truth.
Great Patent Nation.
The United States grants 25,000 pat
ents per annum, or nearly as many as
all the rest of tbe world. England
grants 8,000 per annum and France
and Germany each about 7,000, and
such countries as Canada, Australia,
Austria, Italy and Russia grant about
4,000 each. An Interesting and hopeful
fact Is that more patents are granted
in proportion to the applications than
ever before in tbe history of the patent
office, showing that mechanical genius
Is not chasing as many rainbows as
formerly. American inventive genius
Is shown in all lines of invention, but
it greatly predominates in machinery
for manufacturing, transportation and
labor saving. Europe and the orient
have begun to find that, without Amer
ican industries they would be unable
to go abead.-Success.
What Might Have Happened.
A sporty young gentleman of the city
who drives a dainty runabout which Is
the envy of the other young men of his
set was driving down Main street the
other day when he nearly ran over a
six foot countryman. The countryman
caught the bit and sat the horse upon
its haunches without apparent effort
and then complacently remarked to the
driver:
"Sonny, you. had better be careful
how you drive that doll buggy of
your'n. If I hadn't collared this here
horse, you would 'a' run that thing into
me and smashed it all to kindling."—
Memphis Scimitar.
"That great Italian tenor toiJ me I"
had a mattress stuffed full of ilii> lair -
wreaths that had been given him "
"A mattress full' Tlien lit- OT-TIU '
retire on them."— Cleveland I'laiu t»i
er. ": : . i
KKitKKiXK&KKiKi KSeKK&KK&K&KS.
& Organized ICTB Incorporated 1883 &
X ■ DOCTORS X
& X *■ X X
]£ e^rtSfa' I 'JB The Oldest and fy
&NfSW§*%*<s£s! most Perfectly Equl- -rr
■nr SsSJ&^feiS^ pert Medical: sir- £
X \§a»KS»ll^ 1 and Eiectri- X
& \2fSR'" ■■«« cal Establish- &
tr »E?V- IWSm m ent in California. 1?
f« X ' Devoted exclusively £
& ra(IAE. l"il "i to t' 16 treatment of X
X P34sS' !^ Chronic Diseases &
X- VlS=? *""' Deformities. Ar- jr
- ranged in eight d©- *^
X partments, the whole ut.der the direc- X
& tion »f DRS. KERGAN & £EB- a.
_ OAN, Employing exclusively their r|-
•K- "Now Method Treatment" which -a.
Sb has a national reputation for the obso- j£
Tj- lute cure of Nervous and Constitutional .
7T Diseases, is strictly scientific and is the <»
oc result of over forty years honest investi- X
X cation, experiment and experience in b.
a. Eradicat ng the many Destructive Ail- _
Z~ meats peculiar to the sexes. It mat- ■»>•
X ters not uy what name known, whether JJ
A; Inherited or Acquired wrongs of the o
X Nervous System or Blood resulting in ™
Functional or Organic Miseries. X
& If you desire an honest and critical &
j£ opinion con erning your case call at the
& Sanitarium, comer Market and ~
Mason Sts. (entrance No. 8 Mason St.) <$J
X when in San Francisco, or write full X
fa particulars of your case for a free con- c.
Ksultation by mail, enclosing two-cent ii
stamp. 14.
& DRS. KERGAN & KERGAN &
X MARKET AND MASON STS. rj
& SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. &
jr Mention this paper and send for -tr
& "Twentieth Century facts for gentle- 'T
men." OB
Sk&KK&KK&KK&KK & KK&KK4KK&KK
One of the Queer Sights of Brooklyn.
"Speaking of queer things that hap
pen in Brooklyn," said a member of the
finance department, "a few nights ago
I was going out on a late train on the
Fifth avenue elevated road. There
were few passengers in the car. Sit
ting opposite me was a demure looking
Brooklynite with a large bundle under
each arm. The bundles were closely
wrapped with newspapers.
"Suddenly a violent internal move
ment agitated tbe bundle under the
man's left arm, and a moment later the
head of a large game rooster broke
through the paper. As soon as the roost
er's head was clear he crowed loud
and defiantly. Then the bundle under
the other arm heaved and struggled,
another beak and comb appeared, and
the crow of defiance was promptly an
swered by one of challenge.
"Then for five minutes those two
roosters crowed at 30 seconds' inter
vals, while their owner struggled des
perately to get them back Into the
wrappings where he had thought them
effectually concealed. He Indignantly
refused the request of tbe other passen
gers to put them on the floor of the car
and let them fight It out."— New York
Sun.
Trouble Breeding Condition.
Robbins— Funny, but young people
who seem to love one another tbe most
devotedly are oftentimes the first peo
ple to fight after marriage.
Wren— The trouble Is, you see, they
endeavor to protract the "two souls
with but a single thought" Idea too far.
Two persons with but a single thought
between them cannot help hating one
another sooner or later. -
Consolation.
Mrs. Murphy (to her husband, excit
edly)-Run for the doctor, Pat The
child has swallowed the halfpenny you
gave him to play with.
"Oh. keep your mind aisy, Bridget,"
replied Pat. "It was a bad one any
way."
A boy boasts of what be Is going to
do when be becomes a man, and an old
man brags of what be did when be was
a boy.— Chicago News.
THE AMADOK LEDGER: JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY. JULY 12 1901.
HE DID HIS BEST.
Celebrated Musician's Adventure In
a Swtxn Country Village.
The late Sir John Staiuer, one of
England's most celebrated musicians
and composers, was several years ago
In a small Swiss village, and the Eng
lish clergyman was on the lookout for
a musician to assist at tbe service.
Stalner was in the smoking room of
the hotel when the clergyman found
him and started the conversation with
"Do you play the harmonium?" "A lit
tle," was the reply of the ex-organist
of St. Paul's cathedral. "Will you
then, be good enough to help us out of
our difficulty ou Sunday? We will
read the psalms, and the hymns shall
be the simplest I can select," added
the delighted parson. "I will do my
best." said Stainer. with a smile.
The service passed off all right, but
the congregation, instead of rushing
away at t lie close, listened to a brilliant
recital. When the parson heard the
nanuVjf bis assistant, he asked him to
dinner. "Do you smoke?" he said at
the close. "I will do my best," mut
tered Stainer. and the ensuing laugh
ter was tbe prologue of an entertaining
exchange of Oxford reminiscences.
Stainer was a great story teller. One
anecdote be was fond of relating bad
reference to the days when there were
amateur orchestras In churches. The
"Messiah" was being sung, and as the
line "Who is the King of Glory?" ap
proached the man playing double bass
whispered to the violoncellist in front
of him, "Let us have your rosin, and I
will show 'em who is the king of glo
ry!"— London Tit-Bits.
Rone of Hla Builiua.
While waiting for the train the bride
and bridegroom walked slowly up and
down the platform.
"I don't know what this joking and
guying may have been to you," he
remarked, "but It's death to me. I
never experienced such an ordeal."
"It's perfectly dreadful," she an
swered. "I shall be so glad when we
get away .from everybody we know."
"They're actually impertinent" he
went on. "Why, the very natives" —
At this uupropitious moment the
wheezy old station master walked up
to them.
"Be you goin to take this train J" he
asked.
"It's none of your business!" retorted
the bridegroom indignantly as he guid
ed the bride up the platform, where
they condoled with each other over the
Impertinence of the natives.
Onward came the train, its vapor
curling from afar. It was the last to
their destination that day, an express.
Nearer, nearer it came at full speed.
Then in a moment it whizzed past and
was gone.
"Why in thunder didn't that train
stop?" yelled the bridegroom.
"Cos you sed 'twarn't none of my
blzncss. I has to signal ff that train's
to stop."
And as the old station master softly
stroked his beard there was a wicked
twinkle in his eye.— London Spare Mo
ments.
What a Singer Must Know.
For a singer to succeed it is necessa
ry that ho should have more than a
voice or be a vocalist. Wagner has set
a higher standard, aud to him we owe
It Not only the cultivation of the
voice, but the higher education is nec
essary. The voice alone is not suffi
cient, even In the concert room. Sing
ing has grown to bo quite another art
The singer must be an impersonator.
I myself studied for five years at the
university. But that, as a rule, holds
one too long. But at least a good gen
oral knowledge of literature and of sci
ence is necessary.
The day is past when a fiacre driver,
because he has a beautiful voice, is ac
cepted as a singer; so also Is the day
when a concert in costume is regarded
as an opera. The standard of imper
sonation has been immeasurably raised
by Wagner. History, literature, knowl
edge of the plastic arts, are all neces
sary to the singer.
American women have, many of
them, beautiful voices. Again, many
of them go abroad to study. That is a
mistake. It is at home that they should
lay the foundation. Build by degrees.
Do not aim to be a star, but a good art
ist Study always, be content with
small roles. The rest will come of it
self.—Ernest Van Dyck in Saturday
Evening Post
The Height of the Table.
There was a certain Major X. who
had for some years enjoyed the reputa
tion of being one of the wildest men in
ludia. Making a call on one occasion
on a mess, he found Captain Z., whom
he wanted, out, but the mess waiter as
sured him tin*, the latter would soon
return, wherefo/e he waited in the an
teroom. *
A few minutes later the mess ser
geant, happening to pass the window,
noticed to his surprise that Major X.
had passed into the messroom beyond
and was applying a tape measure to
the mess table. Naturally considering
this an odd proceeding, he mentioned
it later on in the day to Captain Z.. who
took counsel and then begged a favor
of the colonel, which was to allow an
Inch to be sawed off the table legs. In
due course Major X. was invited to din
ner, aud the mess was there to a man.
As was expected, during dessert he
contrived to lead the conversation on to
guessing heights, and from that to of-,
fering to bet on the present mahogany
was but a step. They took him on, from
colonel down to the youngest sub. Even
the chaplain could not resist the temp
tation to chastise the unrighteous and
ventured his mite. The challenger bet
fii'st, just an eighth of an inch beyond
the old height, and then the mess, in ro
tation, guessed exactly the same, and
all guessed exactly right. He was done
completely.— London Free Lance.
Minn CltOMtie CiMiKlit.
Tlie wit is >nore to-be dreaded than
your worst e-.iemy. Witty people have
a way of slapping a title on you which
sticks for life. These things bubble up
on their lips, and woe to the victim. He
or she is ruined and made a public
laughing stock. Even your best friend
will giggle on the sly. One society girl
here, a really nice girl, has the habit,
however, of sitting in judgment on the
family standing of other people. She
will make some disparaging remark
and conclude with, "Oh, well, you know
and I know they are really not to the
manner born."
Now this girl does not come of aristo
cratic blood on her maternal side. Her
ancestors were simple, honest trades
men who never pretended to style or
had any ambition to pose as aristo
crats. They were in the shoe business.
One day the girl was talking much as
usual. The wit. alas, was on deck load
ed with back number facts. "Oh," said
Miss Critic, with a toss of her head, as
she mentioned a debutante, "of course
she is not to the manner born. I always
like to express myself in quotations."
"So do I," said the wit softly and
wickedly. "My favorite Is 'let not the
shoemaker go beyond his last.' "—Lou
isville Times.
WHAT SAID THE WIND?
[Her thought.]
The wind is waring all the trees;
They whisper in the sun.
And ever through the sweet, warm gran
The wayward shadows run.
Oh, turn you here or turn you there.
The thought will not away
That love comes as the wind cornea.
And none may say it nay.
[His thought.]
The wind Is scattering the leave*.
The clouds rush up the sky,
The vagrant snowflakes find no rest,
But whirl and toss and fly.
And still thought wanders with the wind,
Returning but to say,
"Ob, love goes as the wind blows.
And none may bid it stay!"
— Aldis Dunbar in Alnslce's Magazine.
A JOSSHOUSE.
Pen Picture of the One In San Fran-
Cisco's Chinese Quarter.
In one corner is a miniature wooden
warrior, frantically riding a fiery steed
toward a joss who stands in his door
way awaiting the rider's coming. A
teapot of unique design, filled with
fresh tea every day, and a very small
cup and saucer are always ready for
the warrior. This represents a man
killed In battle, whose noble steed,
missing his master, refused to eat aud
so pined away and died. A welcome
is assured to them in the better
land if the work of man can accom
plish it. The horse and rider are to
them (the Chinese) what the images of
saints are to Christians. In another
corner is a tiuy bowl of water. The
gods occasionally come down and
wash. At certain times of the year di
rect questions are written on slips of
paper and put into tbe bands of one
of the greatest josses. These disap
pear, and then the jess either uods or
shakes his bead in answer.
On the altar or i-.liars are several
brass aud copper vessels. In which the
worshiper leaves a samlalwood punk
burning in such a position that the
ashes will fall on the fine sand in the
vessel. When one of these is full, it is
emptied into an immense bronze vase
on the balcony, and this, in turn, is
emptied into t he ocean. The Chinese
take good care of their living and nev
er forget their dead. Once a year, the
fourteenth day of the' seventh month,
they have a solemn ceremony by which
they send gold and silver aud cloth to
the great army of the departed.
A furnace is a necessity in a joss
house. It is lighted ou ceremonial
days, and paper representing cloth,
gold and silver is burned, the ashes of
the materials being, in their minds,
useful In spirit land. Private families
send to their relatives and friends
whatever they want by throwing the
gold, the silver and the cloth paper,
also fruits, into a fire built in the street
In front of their bouses. The days of
worship come on tbe Ist and 15th of
each month.— Modern Culture. "
THE TALE OF A TACK.
lion nn Italian Tenor Was Enabled
to Reach High C.
"There was ouce an Italian tenor at
Covent Garden of the uame of Tasca,
who, I am sorry to say, sang his oven
praises better than the score," says Mr.
William Parry, 'he stage director at
the Metropolitan Opera House.
"For this anil other reasons he was
strongly disliked by all tbe workmen.
One day he came to me and said, with
great show of mystery:
" "Tell me the exact spot'
"1 could not for the life of me under
stand what lie wanted.
" "You know well enough what 1
mean,' lie persisted. 'Show me the
spot where T.-imberlik sang the high C
There is always one spot on the stage
that is better than all the others to
stand on when you sing. Where is it?'
" 'I'll show you later.' 1 replied. 'But
remember, never a word. It would
cost me my place if it should leak out'
"Then I drove a brass tack into one
of the stage boards, and be was over
joyed when 1 solemnly pointed out 'the
exact spot' and so were the workmeD
at the prospect of a joke at bis expense.
That night he carefully stood on the
tack and sang the high C. Rushing
Into the wings, he exclaimed: "Beauti
ful! Wonderful!' Ever afterward, no
matter what part of the stage demand
ed bis presence, he would rush to the
tack when the time for the high C
came and there deliver It"— Saturday
Evening Post
English Ideas of Lynching.
At a recent dinner in London the
conversation turned on the subject of
lynchings in the United States. It was
the general opinion that a rope was
the chief end of man in America.
Finally the hostess turned to an Amer
ican, who had taken no part in the
conversation, and said:
"You, sir, must have ofteu seen these
affairs."
"Yes," he replied, "we take a kinu
of municipal pride in seeing which city
tan show the greatest number of
lynchings yearly."
"Oh, do tell us about a lynching you
have seen yourself," broke in half a
dozen voices at once.
"The uight before I sailed for Eng
land," said the American, "I was giv
ing a dinner to a party of intimate
friends when a colored waiter spilled a
plate of soup over the gown of a lady
at an adjoining table. The gown was
utterly ruined, and the gentlemen of
her party at once seized the waiter,
tied a rope around his neck and, at a
signal from the injured lady, swung
him into the air."
"Horrible:" said the hostess, with a
shudder. "And did you actually see
this yourself V"
"Well, no," said the American apolo
getically. "Just at that time I was
down stairs killing the chef for putting
mustard in the blancmange."— Modern
Society.
Kind Ileartednexs.
The gingham shifted boy had made n
break to pass the ticket seller at the
circus entrance, but that gentleman
had caught him and rudely thrust him
back.
"Poor little devil!" said a seedy look
ing man in the crowd. "If I had the
money, I'd buy him a ticket myself."
The crowd looked sympathetic, but
said nothing, while the boy sobbed as
If his heart would dissolve.
"I've'only got a nickel, little feller,"
went on the seedy looking one, "and that
won't do you no good. Say," he con
tiuued, turning suddenly to the crowd,
"let's do one good act in our lives. Let's
buy him a ticket."
It looked for a minute as if a collec
tion was to be started, but a benevo
lent looking old gentleman nipped it in
the bud by slipping a half dollar into
the hand of the boy, who promptly dis
appeared into the tent
"I thank you a thousand times for
that kind act. sir," said the seedy look
ing man.
"You seem to take quite an Interest
In the little fellow," remarked the be
nevolent one.
"Well," I should think I ought to,"
answered the seedy looking man proud
ly. "That's the only son 1 got!"—ln
dianapolis Sun.
ONE OF BROOKS' PUPILS.
lie IVns I'njiintly Pnnlshed, hat He
Forgave the Offense.
After his graduation from Harvard
college Phillips Brooks became a
teacher in the Boston Latin school.
And here, on the very threshold of his
career, he met with failure. So much
had been expected of him that his
want of success was naturally a sub
ject of much comment at the time, and
after he had become a great preacher
his early failure was still referred to
and sometimes was used to point a
moral.
It was a turbulent class that Phillips
Brooks had to teach. Before he took
charge of it three teachers had been
driven away. The man who followed
Mr. Brooks, to fill out the year, con
fessed himself so wearied by tbe fre
quent resort to corporal punishment
that he wns obliged to betake himself
to the mountains for tbe summer to
recuperate his strength. The boys
were certainly in fault, but the blame
was not wholly theirs, and long since
they may be supposed to have repented
of their mischief.
Phillips Brooks was then not yet 20
years old, little more than a boy. Nat
urally, perhaps, he made mistakes. On
one occasion, says bis biographer, he
punished a boy who had committed
no fault
After Mr. Brooks had become bishop
of Massachusetts, as he was moving
In his majestic dignity across Boston
Common, be met this boy, then a ma
ture man occupying a post of trust and
Influence, Neither man had forgotten
the incident
Looking down upon his old pupil, tbe
bishop made a certain appeal for for
giveness. "Tell .me, now," he said,
"that I did not make a mistake and
punish the" wrong boy." •
"Yes, you did make a mistake. You
punished the wrong boy," was the an
swer, "but I have missed so many pun
ishments that I deserved that I ought
to be grateful for that one. which I did
not deserve."— Youth's Companion.
Hlii Hair Stood on End.
"Up to five years ago," said a pros
pector to a St. Louis Republic reporter,
"I didn't believe In such a thing as a
man's hair standing on end." And
then the old gentleman told the story
of the fright that led him to change
his mind:
"I was in the mountains of Idaho
with a friend, and we ran short of
fresh meat, so oue day I took my gun
and started off alone. I went Into a
ravine and was making my way along
c little brook when I came suddenly
upon a queer sight. Not four feet in
front of me, lv the full blaze of the
sun, lay four mountain lions asleep.
"For half a minute I thought them
dead, but as I stood staring at them,
with my heart in my mouth, every one
of them sprnuk up with a growl. And
they faced around at me, looking ugly,
Knitting the air, with their whiskers
drawn back, showing the white line
of their teeth, switching their tails
and looking like demons.
"As for me, I stood rooted to the
spot. 1 couldn't move from sheer fright.
A queer, numb sensation began in my
ankles and crept up my body, and I
literally felt my hair rise.
"I stood there motionless for several
minutes. Then one of the beasts drop
ped his tail and whined. The others
followed his example. My presence
mystified them.' A few seconds later
they turned about and crept away
down the ravine, looking back stealthi
ly two or three times to see me.
"When they were out of sight, I be
gan to breathe again. I didn't care to
hunt any more that day and made for
the camp at top speed. That was the
time my hair stood ou end, and my
scalp was sore to the touch for a week
afterward."
A Careful Mother.
This is a story oue woman is never
tired of telling of a mother whose child
had been ill with scarlet fever. She
always emphasizes the fact, too, that
the mother was possessed, upon ordi
nary occasions, with good sense and
would be called a more than ordinarily
intelligent woman. She was, too, a
more than ordinarily careful mother,
and it was as an illustration of this
that she told the story of the care of
her boy to the friend who now repeats
it. Not as much was known about
sanitary conditions then as now, but
it was not in a time of primitive igno
rance. -
"1 always believe in taking tbe great
est care to prevent contagion in any
disease." said the mother, "and with
the" fever 1 was extraordinarily care
ful. W'ly. when the skin began tc
peel 1 rubbed the child down with my
hands every day to remove every loose
fragment, let it full into a cloth, and
then I gathered it up carefully and
shook it out the window."
The listener to that story laughed
then and there, to the great surprise
aud indignation of the mother, and
laughs now at the ridiculous ignorance
of a woman who claimed to have even
a vestige of common sense. — New York
Times.
Witl-o'-the-Wiap Salvation.
A well known rector of an east end
church whs approached one day by a
lady who s:ii<i she desired to rent a
seat in a row nearest the door of his
church. The rector responded that the
seats in that row were all free and that
she was at liberty to occupy any one of
thrin. but she persisted, saying that
she desired to have it for her own.
Being somewhat curious as to her
reasons, the clerical gentleman said,
"But. madam, tell me why you wish to
sit so far back?"
After some hesitancy she responded
that she simply couldn't bear to have
any one "sit behind her."
"Yet you will be sitting behind oth
ers, who perhaps feel the same way,"
said the rector laughingly.
"That may be." replied the devout
lady earnestly, "but you know I have
such a wretched little wisp of hair at
the back of my head that it would cer
tainly interfere with my -devotions if
I knew any one was looking at it."—
London Tit-Bits.
Tbe Doctor's Indiscretion.
"There Is no profession which calls
for the use of more discretion than the
profession of medicine," remarked a
well known physician of this city.
"Just to give you an instance:
"I came home late one evening after
a very busy day and was told by the
office boy that a certain Mrs. S. had
called me up three times on the tele
phone. As her young hopeful bad scar
let fever and I was afraid he had taken
a sudden turn for the worse, I got 'cen
tral' to connect me with her bouse
without delay.
"'The missus has gone to bed, sir.'
said the voice of a maid In reply, 'but
she was so anxious to know If she
could wash Tommy's face.'
"I called back that she had better ask
the nurse If it was dirty. Now they
have another doctor."— New York Mail
ALL IS SELFISHNESS.
Th« Wine Man's Theory and How It
Was Exploded.
"After all," said the wise man, "what
Is it but selfishness? The optimist who
goes through life whistling and singing
songs of cheer is not entitled to any
special credit, because it Is a pleasure
to him to be happy. If it didn't make
him glad to be happy, he wouldn't be
that way. So you see selfishness lies
«t the bottom of his good cheer.
"Then there is the pessimist Is he
discouraged because he thinks It is his
duty to mankind to paint dark pic
tures? Not at all. His is another clear
case of selfishness. He gratifies him
self by being unhappy and trying to
make others so. Love, too, is selfish
ness. The maiden doesn't love the man
to make him glad. It's her own happi
ness that she promotes In looking upon
him as the noblest work of God. Man's
love for woman has back of It the same
selfish motive.
. "So, too. the philanthropist's love of
the world He loves It and loves to do
great things for it because It gives him
a satisfaction to know that he Is doing
well.
"Consider II from whatever stand
point you please, and you must always
arrive at the name conclusion. Every
thing that man does he does selfishly.
It Is always a case of gratifying his
own inclinations. ; It"—
Just then the wise man turned a som
ersault and skinned his nose against a
water plug. When he got up and look
ed around, with the look of one who
was beginuing to remember things tb^
had long been forgotten, his pupn
asked:
"Was It selfishness that Impelled you
to stub your toe? Did you do It be
cause It brought a sense of gratification
to your"—
"Say, you confounded Idiot" the wise
man replied, "you ought to have that
grin photographed. It would make a
good frontispiece to Darwin's works."—
Chicago Herald.
GOT A SENATOR'S HAT.
Actor Crane Appropriated the Ilead-
Kfar of n Knnnam Stafe«man.
Among the stories that are retailed
In the cloakroom of the senate when
that body is in session at Washington
Is one of how William 11. Crane, the
actor, put the finishing touches upon
his great character study. "The Sen
ator."
"As you well know," said one of the
group. "Crane took his character al
most directly from Senator Plumb of
Kansas. Crane had just started ont
with 'The Senator' and bad opened in
Washington. We had all seen the per
formance aud liked it Immensely. But
1 thought 1 saw one defect. Crane
wore a high silk hat which was not at
all. according to my thinking, in keep-
Ing with tbe imitation of Plumb, who
always wore the characteristic broad
brimmed hat of the southerner. One
evening when crane, Ingalls, Plumb
and myself happened to be dining to
gether I reuiarked to Crane about tbe
matter of the high hat
. " "You really ought not to wear It
for it is not in keeping with tbe char
acter.' said I. "You ought to wear one
like Plumb's.'
"Crane did not say much in answer,
but when he arose from tbe table be
reached out for Plumb's bat and calm
ly put it on. Leaving his own bat for
Plumb, Crane went off down tbe street
with the old felt affair jammed down
over his forehead. The senator was
too surprised to offer objection. The
next night Crane appeared ou tbe
stage with Plumb's bat on bis bead
and thereafter wore It at every per
formances'—Chicago Chronicle.
Turkish Rhubarb,
Possessing a savor all Its own, we
come on scores of large cases full of
big, irregular blocks of a bright yel
low colored root "Rhubarb." says our
guide. Indicating it "Ah! Then it
comes from Turkey?" we cry Joyfully,
glad to display our learning for once,
but our friend smiles contemptuously.
"There is no such thing as Turkey
rhubarb." he says, "and. what Is more,
there never has been." All tbe rhu
barb of commerce bails from China,
reaching us through Russia for tbe
most. part but because In olden days It
made its journey by way of Turkey
It became known as Turkey rhubarb,
anil Turkey rhubarb it will remain be
cause or the conservative tendencies
of the British public— Good Words.
Alvary Finished the Kiss.
"A beautiful scene," said an old thea
ter goer, "may be utterly ruined by
some trifling mistake, and an error of
seemingly infinitesimal dimensions
throw out an. entire company. Often
times, however, the ready wit and pres
ence of mind of an actor or actress may
save the day and turn what might oth
erwise have been disaster into triumph.
One of the most difficult of all scenes to
carry off successfully occurs in the op
era of 'Siegfried.' You will remember
that Siegfried awakens Brunnhiide
from her long sleep with a kiss. Wag
ner has so arranged it that the kiss
seems as long to the audience as the
immortal slumber itself. In reality it
lasts about 70 seconds, but it seems un
ending. It is a most trying situation
for the singers, for the audience Is ex
tremely likely to grow restless.
"Some years ago at a performance of
'Siegfried' in St. Louis Alvary— poor
chap!— was singing Siegfried to Mme.
Sadler's Brunnhiide. He had got about
half way through his lengthy oscula
tion when the gallery began a succes
sion of smacks, constantly increasing
In volume. It was a critical moment:
but, as the event proved, one that was
to add to Alvery's already large wreath
of laurels.
"Slowly he raised his magnificently
handsome head and turned toward the
audience and silently looked the galler
ies into silence. In ten seconds he had
completely mastered them, and you
could have heard a pin drop in the
great house. Then he dropped his face
on that of Rrunuhilde, and that kiss
went on to its appointed and Sapholike
finish without further interruption
from the audience. It was as fine an
exhibition of the control a great per
sonality can exercise over an audience
as I have ever witnessed."— New York
Tribune.
One on tbe Tenant.
Landlord- I just came over to tell
you that I've decided to raise your—
Tenant (interrupting) — Well, you
needn't bother about it I've decided
to move.
Landlord— Oh, 1 merely desired to
say that I had decided to raise your
porch where it seems to sag there at
the corner, and also to paper tbe bed
rooms; but. of course, you will not,
rince you have decided to move, care to
hear anything further about my plans
Good day. I hope you'll like It where
you're going.— Chicago Ilerald.
The climate of northern Ontario l«
not unlike that of uorthern Europe, and
its soil is equiS to that of many thickly
peopled portions of tbe old world.
AN OFFICIAL MIX UP.
THE STORY OF AN • APPOINTMENT
TO A JUDGESHIP.
How the Nan Slated For Associate
Justice of %ew Mexico's Supreme
.Court First Got a Surprise and Art
emard the Otllce.
Late in the year 1000 It was decided
by the powi'i-s in Washington that Mr.
Dauiil 11. McMillan, ex-state senator
of New York aud Tor many years gen
eral counsel in the city of Buffalo for
the Vamlerliilt system of railroads, was
to be appoiltfrd associate justice of the
supreme court of New Mexico.
This appointment had been urged not
only by those who knew Mr. McMillan
in llie stair of New York, but by law
yers of Santa I-V aud of other cities in
New Mexico who knew of him and de
sired to see him obtain the place.
Toward the close of 1000, with Gov
ernor Otero of the territory. Mr. Mc-
Millan was on a Lake Shore train
speeding toward Washington. When
the train stopped at Palnesvllle, 0.,
newsboys boarded it. and one of them
called out: "All about the new supreme
court judge of New Mexico. Silas
Alexander appointed." The governor
of the territory aud Mr. McMillan look
ed at each other, and they bought a
paper, and in that paper they read in
glaring headlines that Silas Alexander
of Santa Fe had received the appoint
ment to the vacant judgeship. ■
Mr. McMillan the morning of his ar
rival in the capital went at once to the
office of the secretary of war.
"How did It happen I was not ap
pointed?" he asked.
"Why," said Mr. Root, "you are ap
pointed!"
"Why," said Mr. McMillan, "you are
mistaken." And he drew from his
pocket the Cleveland newspaper of the
day before. Secretary Root turned all
colors. "This is a mistake," he said;
"an absurd, strange mistake, for I bare
It from the president's own lips, cor
roborated by Mr. Griggs, attorney gen
eral, that your name was sent yester
day to tbe senate for action and that
the recommendation was duly signed
by President McKlnley."
Then the men went to the state, war
and navy building and found Attorney
General Griggs.
"But you have been given the ap
pointment," said Mr. Griggs. •...-
"Then what does this newspaper re
port mean?" was the reply.
Tbe attorney general was dumfound
ed. "1 cannot conceive what It means,"
be said. He tapped his bell, and when
a messenger came In response he re
quested the attendance of the clerk in
confidential relations with him. whose
duty it is to fill In upon appointment
blanks the names of those who are de
signed for appointments by the execu
tive.
The clerk appeared. "Mr. Blank,"
said tbe attorney general, "find out at
once whose name was sent yesterday
to tbe senate with the recommendation
by the president that be be appointed
associate justice of the supreme court
of New Mt-x'.eo."
"1 will look." said tbe clerk. He soon
returned with a memorandum slip in
his hand.
"Mr. Alexander," be said— "the man
from Buffalo."
Then a glimmering of the truth
dawned upon tbe group. "Are yon
sure." said Attorney General Griggs.
"that the name was not McMillan?" i ;'
"Certainly." was the reply. "Tbe
name was Silas Alexander."
The situation was remarkable, and
time was important.
The president or the United States
bad inadvertently, by the error of a
subordinate, been made to set aside the
man whom he had Intended to name.
There came a pause. Mr. Griggs
broke the silence.
"Well, gentlemen." he safd. "the fat
is in the fin-, but we must get it out
My subordinate has made this mistake,
and I must do my hest to get It recti
fied, and perhaps the fault Is partly
mine, for I told him to fill in the name
of 'fhe Buffalo man.' and he. probably,
seeing tbe name Alexander and Identi
fying it w'lih the congressman of tbe
same name prominently known In
Washington us coining from Buffalo,
thought thai he was to be the ap
pointee."
And so Him three men went to tbe
president ami explained matters, and
as a consequence a messenger, preced
ed by a telephone message, sped rapid
ly toward tin- capltol with Instructions
to seek Ini'iiiMliiiti'ly the leader of the
senate and prevent any action on the
mistaken Humiliation and to make the
statement to that leader that It was
withdrawn
The messenger arrived Just as the
senate wns about to take action, and if
tbe telephone had been relied upon the
nomination of Silas Alexander would
have been <-oii firmed by- the United
States senate, ami the will of the pres
ident of the ivpubTic would have been
defeated.- Saturday Evening Post
Looking For Work.
■ "Yes, ma';:in." said the ragged fat
man. "I'm lookin fur work Yer ain't
got no odd Jobs of scrubbin or washln
ter be did. have yer?"
"Why. you surely don't do scrubbing
or work of that sort?" said the house
keeper.
"Sure not. I'm lookin fur work fur
me wife."- Philadelphia Record
Ignorance Is Bliss.
"Is there anything peculiar about
him?"
"Not at all He simply doesn't know,
and that's the usual combination In
cases of people who don't know."— Chi
cago Post. .
Many women first show signs of age
by a droop in the eyelid This is cans
ed by strained eyesight, excessive weep
ing, ill health or years. It can be over
come by daily faithful manipulation.
Kattenlnß English Quails.
A curious account of how quails are
fattened for the market is given in a
London paper. It appears that quails.
being regular In their, habits, always
feed directly they wake up in the
morning. They are therefore put In a
large cellar lit only by electric light. In
the dark they go to sleep, but directly
the light Is turned on they wake up and
breakfast This process Is repeated time
after time, aud the birds, always labor
ing under the delusion that morning
has arrived, once more breakfast, over
and over again. They have been known
to do so six times In an afternoon.'—
Philadelphia Record.
The ordinary beer glass Is regulated
by law In Bavaria aud must hold exact
ly half a liter, or nearly nine-tenths of
a pint
Statisticians agree that the popula
tion of the world averages 109 women
to every 100 men.
Experimental philosophy is represent
ed by an attempt to borrow money of
an acquaintance; natural philosophy Is
represented by bis refusal to give up.
-
HARD ON SMOKERS.
Old Time Legislation Against tbe
Use of Tobacco.
It Is one of tbe curiosities of old time
legislation that the use of tobacco was
In early colonial days regarded by the
magistrates and elders as far more in
jurious, degrading and sinful than that
of intoxicating liquors. -Both the use
and the planting of the weed were for
bidden, the cultivation of it being per
mitted only in small quantities, "for
tneere necessitle, for phisick, for pres
ervation of the health, and that the
same be taken privately by auncient
men." But the "creature called tobac
ko" seemed to have an indestructible
life. Mrs. Alice M. Earle writes of
these early restrictions about tobacco
In "Stagecoach and Tavern Days:"
Landlords were ordered not to "suf
fer any tobacco to be taken Into their
houses" on penalty of a fine to the
"victualler" and another to "the party
that takes It." The laws were con
stantly altered and enforced, and still
tobacco was grown and was smoked.
No one could take It "publicquely" nor
in his own house or anywhere else be
fore strangers.. Two men were forbid
den to smoke together.
No one could smoke within two miles
of the meeting house on the Sabbath
day. There were .wicked backsliders
who were caught smoking around the
corner of the meeting house and others
on the street, and they were fined and
set in the stocks and in cages..
Until within a few years there were
New England towns where tobacco
smoking In the streets was prohibited,
and innocent cigar 'loving travelers
were astounded at being requested to
cease smoking.
Mr. Drake wrote In ISSG that be
knew men, then living, who had had to
plead guilty or not guilty in a Boston
police court for smoking in the streets
of Boston.
In Connecticut In early days a great
Indulgence was permitted to travelers—
a man could smoke once during a jour
ney of ten miles. .
Peculiarities of Caracas.
"The morning after our arrival at tho
hotel In Caracas," says W. E. Curtis, "I!
called for a glass of milk while dress-]
ing. On every subsequent morning
during our stay a glass of milk was'
brought to me at precisely the same
hour without instructions, and al
though the servant was told several
times that it was not wanted she did
not appear to understand, and contin
ued to bring it Just the same.
"In the hotel were electric bells. The
first day I rang for something, and a
certain boy answered the summons.
The next morning I rang again and
again, and no one responded. Finally
I went Into the dining room and found
there half a dozen servants.
" 'Didn't you hear my bell ring?* I
asked.
" 'SI, senor* (yes, sir), was the reply.
" 'Then why didn't you answer it?'
.- " 'The boy that answers your excel
lency's bell has gone to market with
the manager.'
" 'But you knew he was not here, and
you should have come in his place.'
" 'Xo, senor. It is his occupation to
answer your bell. I answer the bell of
the gentleman In the next room.*. :'■.;; v .' :
"And as long as I remained in that
hotel my bell was answered only by the
one particular boy. If he was not in, I
could ring for an hour without receiv
ing a response, although the house waa
full of idle servants."
Kdlson and Platinum.
A story will aerve to throw light up
on Edison's character. At one time
there was a great fear In the scientific
world that the deposits of platinum
were about to become extinct Edison
thereupon organized a correspondence
bureau and sent letters to every Amer
ican consul upon the globe, to British
consuls : in ports where the United
States had no representative and to
scientific men In every land. The let
ter gave a clear statement respecting
the metal, how and where it was found
and might be found, how It could be
Identified and treated and much other
Information. >> '•::'?
In each letter were inclosed samples
of platinum as found in the various
rock beds. This may seem to be a
small undertaking, but when It is re
membered that the letters were sent
off by the thousands, that the postage
was 10 cents to each letter and that
the pieces of platinum Inclosed were
almost as valuable as metallic gold, the
cost of the achievement is readily seen.
While he did not succeed In greatly In
creasing the output of platinum, he set
at rest all fear of Its extinction and
thus earned the gratitude of every
scientific Investigator.— Frank Leslie's
Magazine.'
Business Is Business.
He had obtained a place In a real es
tate office and was doing everything he
could for the interests of his employers.
The other evening he was at a social
gathering and was asked to sing. He
responded with "Home. Sweet Home."
His friends were a little surprised at
the selection, but he was heartily ap
plauded. Stepping forward, he said:
"I am glad you liked tbe song. There
Is nothing like 'Home, Sweet Home,'
and let me say that the company I rep
resent is selling homes on terms to suit
within 12 minutes' ride of the city. Ev
erybody ought to have a home. If yon
don't want to live there, it's the chance
of your life for an investment".
lluni-hlllK the Hit*.
Case and Comment tells a story of an
Illinois attorney who argued to the
court one after another of a series of
very weak points, none of which seem
ed fo the court to have any merit until
the 'court finally said, "Mr. , do you
think there is anything in these
points?" To which the attorney re
plied, "Well, judge, perhaps there Isn't
much In any one of them alone, but I
didn't know but your nonor would kind
of bunch them."
Touched a Sore Spot.
"Do yon find It difficult senator," she
asked, "to keep in touch with your con
stituents?"
"I beg your pardon, ma'am," he re
plied, with a scared look, "but really
I must ask you not to use that expres
sion with reference to my affairs.
Touch Is a word that I can't stand
since the papers used it in explaining
why I voted for that street railroad
bill four years ago."— Chicago Herald.
Two Toos.
Three Irishmen had four guineas to
be equally divided among them. After
several unsuccessful efforts by two of
them the third settled the business
thus: "There are two for you two, aud
here are two for me too."
Made the Application.
"How are things?" the barber asked
pleasantly of. the shrinking man in tbe
chair.
"Dull, very dull!"
And tbe knight of the razor looked
for a moment as if he thought tbe re
mark was personal.' *-:r.^«
— — - ■ *■- - i "**
:-- -=■■• ■-;■-._,