Established November'!,) 1855.
OFFICIAL DIRECTORY
OF
AMADOR COUNTY.
c c c
State Senator Hon. John P.' Davis
Assemblyman. Hon. Fred L. Stewart
Superior Judge ....Hon. R. C. Rust
Sheriff iind Tax Collector U S. Gregory
Deputy Sheriff ." J. Podesta
County Clerk and Auditor. C. L. Culbert
Deputy County Clerk B. R. Uretjse
District Attorney C. P. Vicini
Treasurer. S. U. Spagnoli
Recorder .-.'.■... D. A. Patterson
Deputy Recorder... Robt. I. Kerr
Assessor .John Marchant
Deputy Assessor.' George F. Mack
Superintendent of Schools Geo. A. Gordon
Coroner and Administrator Geo. A. Grltton
County Surveyor W. E. Downs
County Physician Dr. A. M. Gall
Steward of County Hospital. A. C. Barrett
SUPERVISORS.
Township One M. Newman
Township Two W. M. Amlck
Township Three A. B. Mclaughlin
Township. Four iS. B. Moore
Township Five ....: Fred B. LeMoin
The regular meeting of tbe Board of Supervis
ors' is held on the first Monday of each month.
Fred B. LeMoin, Chairman.
TOWNSHIP OFFICERS.
' . TOWNSHIP ONE.
Justice of the Peace 11. Goldner
Constable H. E. Kay
.. TOWNSHIP TWO. . _ N '
Justice of tbe Peace James MnCauley
Constable J. E. Kelley
TOWNSHIP THREE.
Justice of the Peace. .. :... A. W. Robinson
Constable Jauvs Lessley
TOWNSHIP FOUR.
Justice of tbe Peace ."„.... J. H. Giles
Constable D. F. Gray
; ' '{ • " TOWNSHIP* FIVE.
Justice of the Peace :.J. Hlower
Constable... William Scoble
LAWYERS.
■pv - B. SPAUJ4OLI
Attorney and Counselor at l.iiu
Practice In all the States and Federal couru>
Offlee: Spagnoli building, opposite Uall o'
Records.
. ;
T^"EIL, A. MACyIJAKKIK
Attorney aud Counselor at Law
Offlee : Spagnoli block, Courthouse square.
— ■ ■
T W. CAI.UHKI.I, •.
'"'» tAttoruey-at-Law
■ jf ,-* ' ■
JAUKKON, CAI..
Will practice in all courts of the Stuto '
'*. ■
- -- ; '
_.<■... ■ .
TOHN-IT. MAVIS
I :.- : LAWYER ~;;
Jackson, Cat. v?"V
Office on Summit Strout, opposito Courthouse
TACOB 'V. SAKGKNT •
fj •■ - ■
j' —ATTORNEY — =
Jackson, Cau
Office: .Marelia building, Court struct. Mines
and mining laws a specialty
.-■•••■
I .-,.... NOTARIES.
;.-■- •■ - - .
TTILUA. C LOUGH
\, . Stenographer and Notary Public
/Jackson, Cal.
Offlee, Judge Davis' law offices, Summit Street
:> DOCTORS.
iS
TJl '-, E. ENDICOTT, M. D.
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times.
TAB. I« E. PHILLIPS
Physician and Surgeon
* JACKSON, CAL.
Late of the City and County Hospital of San
Francisco. - -
Office— Weil & Renno Building. Residence,
National Hotel.
T\Bi CORKY
"■ ' Physician and Surgeon
SACRAMENTO. CAL.
Haa moved his offices to 1009!$ Ninth Street,
between J and X, near J. . Hours 10 to 12 a. m..
3 to 4, 7 to 8 p. m., or by appointment.
TSb. E. V. LONIGO
* Physician and Surgeon
J Jackson, Cal.
Offlee: Webb building, Main street. Resi-
dence: Broadway, near Marrc's Hotel.
Telephone Main 463.
> *
TAB. A. M. GALL
Physician and Surgeon
, . ' . . ■■ ■
, Jackson, Cal.
Office in Weil & Renno building, Main Street.
TABS. LEWIS & THORNTON
 140 Geary street, San Francisco.
Practlca Limited to Chronic and Complicated
, Diseases.
JOnly Hot-Air Well on the Pacific Coast. .
Hours :-9 to 13 A. M., Ito4P. m. Evenings and
■ .-1 ." Sundays by appointment.
_ Consultation and Examination Free.
; 'i* " " Telephone: Red 1603.
DENTISTS.
TAB. C. A. HEBBICK
Offlee in Kay building. Hours from 9 a. m. to
5 p.m.
-
■ . MISCELLANEOUS.
TT>IC lI A KD WEBB
United States Commissioner
Will attend to Homestead and other filings ;
taking of final proofs and all other Land
Business.
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
Agent for Phoenix Assurance Company of
London, and Washington Providence Fire In-
surance Conpwies. Jesw
The Amador Ledger.
A Street Parable.
A little girl stood at a window blow
ing soap bubbles. Beneath stood a lit
tle boy, arid ns she t>lew bubbles.to-
ward him he tried to catch them. They,
broke and disappeared od.all'sides,
but the two laughed and kept up" the
game, she smiling down and be gazing
upward eagerly^ •-■■ ~ ■ - • ■'-- i:
I "Behold, a parable!" said' a man to
a woman. "The eternal relation of the
sexes! You blow beautiful bubbles
down to us from your height, nud we
weary ourselves .'ln * trying •" vainly to
catch them. Poor little boy!"
; The pair played and laughed In the
sunshine until the boy grew tired. He
called out.' "Goodby!" gayly and ran
away to play with other boys and girls
in the street The girl looked after hlin
wistfully, a shadow on her face. She
did not care to blow bubbles any more.
She leaned out to watch him, and as
she did so she tipped over the bowl
of soapy water. She looked very lonely.
■ "Behold, a parable!" said the woman
to the man. "He has tired of - the
game; not she. There is no other little
boy to blow bubbles to, aud If there
were she has no pretty bubbles left to
blow. Eternal relation of sexes! Poor
little girl!"— New York Tribune.
Fire Among Savage Nations.
! According to Pliny fire was a long
time unknown to some of the ancient
Egyptian tribes, and when a celebrated
astronomer made them acquainted with
that element and how to produce It
they were wild with delight The Per
sians, Phoenicians, Greeks and several
other nations acknowledge that their
ancestors were once without the com
forts which fire bestows; the Chinese
confess the same of their progenitors.
Pompanio*, Mola, Plutarch and other
ancient writers speak of nations which,
at the time when they wrote, knew not
the use of fire or had just recently
learned it.
j The inhabitants .of the Marian
Islands, which were discovered In 1551,
bad no Idea of fire or its uses. Their
astonishment knew no bounds when
they saw it applied to wood, most of
them taking it to be some kind of an
animal which the sailors had brought
•with -them and which must be fed on
wood.
- All Charged but the Cork.
A good story Is told of a digger who
had ridden Into a Western Australian
town to consult a doctor. Having done
so, he went to have the prescription
made up.
"How much is this lot?" he asked
the chemist
"Well, let me see," was the replj.
"There's seven and sixpence for the
medicine and a shilling for the bottle."
He hesitated, uncertain whether he
had charged for everything.
"Oh,, hurry up, Ik>ss," said the impa
tient miner; "put a price on the cork
and let us know tbe worst"— London
Tit-Bits. : - .
His Gift.
The following incident Is reported
from one of the public schools in the
poorer section of Boston:
"Say, teacher, here's a tuberose I
brought you," said a smudge faced
youngster the other day.
And, beaming her thanks, she asked
him where he got it ■
"Oh, say, dat was easy," he replled.i
"I got it off"n a dead lady."
Impertinent.
It Is said that * Sarah, duchess of
Marlborough, one day remarked to her
grandson, Jack Spencer: "Jack, you
must marry, and I will give you a list
of the ladies you may propose to."
"Very well, grannie," he said, and he
proposed to the first on the list. When
lie came back with his wife from their
wedding tour, they went to pay their
respects to the old lady.
"Well, now," she said, "I am the root,
and you are only the branches, and
therefore you must always pay me a
great deal of deference."
"That Is all very well," said Jack
Impertinently, "but I think the branches
would flourish a great deal better If
the root was under ground."
HOME.
AMD
CHILD
Does your horse "feel his
oats"? What a difference be-
tween the grain-fed and the
grass-fed horse! The first
strong and full of ginger, the
second flabby, Aveak and tired
out before he begins. The
feeding makes the difference.
are notalike either.
One is rosy, . bright-eyed, full
of life and laughter, another is
pale, weak and dull. The feed-
ing again is responsible.
Sickly children need special
feeding. They don't "feel their
oats". Scott's Emulsion adds
just the right richness to their
diet It is like grain to the
horse. The child gets new
appetite and strong digestion.
Scott's Emulsion is more
than food. It is a strong
medicine. It rouses up dull
children, puts new flesh on thin
ones and red blood into pale
ones. It makes children grow.
Scott's Emulsion makes ordi-
n|i|gp~liri nary food do its
"=g|sy?^w!SL This picture represents
M**sJmP the Trade Mark of Scott's
Kmulsion and is on the
'XjgtK^Bifj^ wrapper of every bottle.
Ilil^jiy knd f ° r fr " sam P le -
w/ »ps§l SCOTT & BOWNE .
J-'ll&fiftsS^ 4 °9 Pearl Sti> New York
■«<|ggjgp^%j))igg| 50c and Ji. all druggists.
. J»^-^J »^-^ ; j . *„•..  .: ; :—: — ; — .. . . .. — ~ rv— ■ ; :—:: — : :—: —
JACKSC>N ? -A^MADOR COUNTY. CAX.OOKNIA,!. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 6. 1901.
iAN OVERWORKED PHRASE.
The Expression "He Took Ills Life In
His Hands.", j
; "The expression 'he took his life In
his hands' always struck me as being
very foolish," said a bright young.gen
tlcinan, "and I have often wondered
why so many persons ; persist in using
ft.when they want to speak of extraor
dinary dangers. Now, extraordinary
danger 'is one thing and the simple,
commonplace thing of taking one's own
life in one's hands Is an entirely differ
ent thing.-
■ "I work In a big building. There are
a steam engine and a mammoth boiler
in the basement. Whenever I enter
that building, If they arc running the
engine in the basement, I take my life
In my hands. I get on the elevator on
the fifth floor; I take my life in my
hands. I go out of ; town; the car
may tumble over a trestle somewhere.
I walk along the street; a sign may
fall on me. I make my way across the
thoroughfare; | who knows but what
a street car or a vehicle of some 'sort
may not run me down? I cross the riv
er; may. l not suddenly find myself in
the swirling stream and sinking for
the last time? If I walk along the
street, may not a brick or a loosened
cornice come crashing down upon me?
There are a row and a shot or two on
the corner; may not a stray bullet wing
me? And so on. .
"Pessimism? No. Logic. That's all.
It just shows the difference between
taking one's own life in' one's hand
and the matter of confronting extraor
dinary danger. These risks are ordi
nary, plain, old, everyday risks. ■ The
fireman who dashes Into a burning
building to rescue a child, the fellow
who grabs the bridle of a runaway
horse, the hero wh\> will plunge into
the river to save some person who is
about to drown — these are the persons
who confront what I would call ex
traordinary dangers, and the worn
platitude of saying of one of these 'he
took his life In his hands' would not
fit the case because there would be in
the act an element of heroism which
would place it much above the com
monplace."—New Orleans Times-Dem
ocrat v
HOYT'S JOKE ON M'KEE.
How the Playwright Hud a Bit of
Fun With His Manager.
On one occasion Manager McKee
was watching a performance from a
box, where he was seated with some
friends.
During the first act an usher came
to him with the information that a
gentleman was waiting at the door to
see him on most Important business. .
"Tell him I can't couie out— l'm very
busy," was the answer.
The usher returned in a moment to
say that' the man insisted on seeing
Mr. McKee, who again sent out word
that it was impossible to see him.
The man outside then sent In the
message that he was an author and
had a play that he wished McKee to
read Immediately. ' •
This Incensed the manager, who said
to the usher:
"Tell that fool out there that this is
no time to bring a play to be read.
Get him out of the place — I won't see
him. I won't read his play."
• A few minutes later the usher came
back and Informed McKee that the
man utterly refused to go without see-
Ing him, and that he must be granted
an Interview, also that he was quite
sure that the manager would not only
read his play, but he would also pro
duce it, and added that he would bet
?1,000 that Hoyt & McKee would be
only too glad to get the play. :;:;'■
At that McKee became furiously
angry, and,, excusing himself to his
party, left the box with the intention
of personally inviting the persistent
author to begone.
"Where's that idiot who insists on
seeing me?" he asked of the treasurer
at the box office. • Then the treasurer
pointed to a man standing in the shad
ow with a roll of manuscript under
his arm. / .
It was Hoyt, with his newly finished
play, which he handed to McKee, who
said to those present:
"It's on me— what'll you have, boys?"
—New. York Clipper. ■
Odors That Permeate Foodstuffs.
A fish dealer in one of the most styl
ish parts of New York was deeply hurt
and badly worried one day by the com
plaint of one of his big customers that
a fine salmon which he had sent to the
house for a big dinner had proved to
be entirely uneatable when served ow
ing to a most penetrating taste of creo
sote that pervaded it. The fish dealer
realized, although the charge was not
made directly, that he was more than
suspected of having sold a stale fish
that had been washed or brushed with
an antiseptic preparation to hide Us
condition. He knew that the salmon
had been perfectly fresh when he sold
It, and for claye lie pusaleU in vain w«r
the problem. But suddenly he remem
bered that on the day the fish was sent
out- a tank wagon full of creosote had
stopped before his place and th.-n hl>
cart, Into which the -fish was l.Wng
placed, was directly alongside of the
powerful stuff. That appears to" have
been enough to permeate the delicate
flesh of the fish.— New York Press.
Wooes Morpheus With Picture.
"I have found a cure," said a physi
cian, "for a person who isn't chronical
ly afflicted with insomnia, but who
temporarily cannot sleep. It is a curi
ous thing that the picture of a person
yawning will almost invariably induce
sleep.
"Try it yourself some time if you
come across such a photograph. For
the life of you you can't help yawning,
after a moment, and persistent gazing
at the sleepy head will almost inevita
bly send you to the couch for a nap."-
New York Times.
M. E. Church Services.
Preaching every Sunday at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Sunday school, 3p. $1.;, Senior Epworth
League, 8:45 p.m.; Midweek Prayer meetings,
Thursday, 7:30 p. m.
Rev. G. H. Van Vliet, pastor.
A thoroughly competent druggist Is
kept at Kerr's drug store; prescrip
tions compounded there may be de
pended upon at all times.
To keep healthy you should eat
plenty of olives. You . can get good
ones at Caminotti's Central Market. *
REVOLVER WOUNDS.
More Dangerous, For Many Reasons,
Than Those of the Rifle.
Wounds in civil life differ from those
in military life in the greater after dan
ger of septic Involvement. . Revolver
cartridges are - more liable than - are
rifle . cartridges to have j been ha udled
frequently, to have been carried In
dirty pockets and to have come In con
tact with various • forms of Infectious
materials that iiiay prove of serious
consequence when burled In the tis
sues. :. Moreover, revolver cartridges
are covered with a coating of grease,
and this eucourages an accumulation
of manifold uiicrobic material, some of
which may prove to be of virulently
Infectious nature.
j Rifle bullets are practically always
sterilized by the Intense heat developed
by the powder at the moment of their
discharge. Their rapid progress through
the air while In a heated condition still
further serves to cleanse them of any
extraneous. wateriiU, that may chance
to have accumulated on their surfaces.
This cleansing process is very effectu
ally begun by the rifling of the rifle
barrel through which the bullet forces
Its way.
All these favorable factors are lack
ing in the ease of the revolver bullet,
and so it Is possible that in any given
case such a bullet may carry Infectious
material with it into the tissues. If
this were In small amount, nature
might effectually wall it off and uo ro
rious consequences result. On the oth
er hand, such Infectious material might
lie seemingly dormant for days, but
really slowly gathering strength by
multiplication, and when Its toxins
were elaborated In sufficient amount
they might paralyze protective cheuio
taxls and produce a septic condition.—
New York Medical News.
APHORISMS.
The man who procrastinates strag
gles with ruin.
j An apt quotation is as good as an
original remark. — Johnson.
Progress Is the activity of today and
the assurance of tomorrow. — Emerson.
To be vain of one's rank or place is to
show that one Is below It— Stanislaus.
■ The desire of appearing clever often
prevents one becoming so. — Rochefou
cauld.
God Is on the side of virtue, for who
ever dreads punishment suffers It, and
whoever deserves it dreads it.— Colton.
The mind that is much elevated aud
Insolent with prosperity and cast down
by adversity Is generally abject and
base, v T
lonian nature is so constituted that
all'see and judge better iv the affairs
of other men than In their own.—Ter
ence. ..-'•'■•:
Despite all refinement, the light and
habitual taking of God's name in vain
betrays a coarse and brutal will.—
Chapln. ... ' ... ■
A Large Covey.
Two old hunters were swapping
yarns and had got to quail.
"Why," said one, "I remember a year
when quail were so ' thick that you
could get eight or ten at a shot with a
rifle."
The other one sighed.
"What's the matter?" said the first.
"I was thinking of my quail huuts. I
had a fine black horse that I rude ev
erywhere, and one day out hunting
quail I . saw a big covey on a low
branch of a tree. I threw the bridle
rein over the end of the limb and took
a shot
"Several birds fell and the rest Uew
away. . •
"Well, sir, there were so many quail
on that limb that when they flew off it
sprang back Into place and hanged my
horse!"— Los Angeles Times.
Turned the Tables.
A lecturer was once descanting on
the superiority of nature over art when
an Irreverent listener in the audience
fired that old question at htm:
"How would you look, sir, without
your wig?"
"Young man," instantly replied, the
lecturer, pointing his finger at him,
"you have furnished me air apt Illus
tration for my argument. My bald
ness can be traced to the artificial hab
its of our modern civilization, while
the wig I am wearing" — here he raised
his voice till the windows shook— "is
made of natural hair!"
j The audience testified Its apprecia
tion of the point by loud applause, and
the speaker was not interrupted again.
Rice and Rice.
To most people rice is rice, but, not
withstanding this, there is a consider
able difference between the Chinese or
Japanese and the American article.
The former Is darker in color and In no
way compares with the latter In flavor
or quality. Of the American, how
ever, there are a number of grades, of
which, that _ grown Jn. the Carolluas is
considered the best. When purchas
. Ing, see that the grains are large,
plump and unbroken. In washing be
careful not to break them between the
hands.
A Use For the Hyphen.
A teacher had just given a lesson on
the hyphen, and thinking that his class
understood It now, he wrote the word
"birds-nest" on the blackboard. "Now,
boys, why do we have a hyphen be
tween birds and nest?" asked the
teacher.
Several hauds went up, and the
teacher pointed to a small boy who
seemed very anxious to answer. "For
the birds to roost on," was the reply.
—London Tit-Bits.
A Hard Problem.
First Scientist— This is a puzzling
case Indeed.
Second Scientist— l should say so.
Wby, tills would puzzle an amateur
Scientist— Baltimore American.
Health and Beauty.
A poor complexion is usually the re
sult of a torpid liver or irregular action
of the bowels. Unless nature's refuse
is carried off it will surely cause impure
blood. Pimples, boils and other erup
tions follow. This is nature's method
of throwing off the poisons which the
bowels failed to remove. De Witt's
Little Early Risers are world famous
for remedying this condition. They
stimulato the liver and promote regular
and healthy action of the bowels but
never cause griping, cramps or dis
tress. Safe pills. Kerr's Pharmaoy,
Jackson.
Back Again from Europe!
4 By the solicitation of many friends and patients
DR. H. EHRLICH
fiuEye, Ear, Nose and Throat Surgeon
-■.■'<[ From Berlin, Germany, will make his next Tisit to
Jackkon, Monday, December 16th,
a. m to 3 p. m. sharp, at Globe Hotel,
One Day Only,
And return once a month. Do you want that Catarrh cured? Do you want that
Deafiittij cure-!? 1 » you want to see with those Weak, Watery Dim Eyest If so
go and consult Dr. Ehrlich this trip. It costs you nothing to get his opinion.
,■'. . Hundred <of p itients have been treated by him lately and all are pleased. His
wonderful <|ik-«s nre bringing the deaf and blind from all section* for relief and they
go home atvl lell others and the crowd increases each month. A hundred cases of
Deafness 'ajjd 'itiises have tried his new cure for that disease and they «ay it is the
grandest discovery to suffering humanity.
v~ Huudre«vi>f people suffering with weak eyes have thrown away their aliases
and are able to se- ngain. Cataracts and Films on the eye, of many yean standing
removed without the knife, over 1500 had there eyesight restored by this new
method iv the last year. *
Write to your friends and go early.
. 'Consultation Free.
CATARRH in any form of the HEAD, THROAT, STOMACH, BOWELS and
• DEAFNESS POSITIVELY CURED,
By a New Treatment and New Methods Discovered by Myself. . It is the Most
Wonderful Discovery of this Age on Lung, Nose and Ear Diseases.
Disease! of the Eyes in any part; Wds, Granulated, the most stubborn cases hopelessly
»ZS.SfJS r «2iis r i^Mr S f ° U - e I? sI . t , IVely T"i h " y new ™ ethod - Iris . Cornea, Le n3 and Optic
Werve cured speedily without pain, knife nor injurious caustics, and patients go hame with im-
punity. Weat, Watery Byes. Drooping Eyelids, Wild Hairs, Astigmatism, Nearsi|htedness, and all
Bye Strains cured. Glasses fitted when all others fail. .
P °V r .E l "; Tum< "sr Of the i*2Sf« Enlarged Tonsils, Granulated Sore Throat, I^ss of Voice, mil Dis-
eases of the Lungs, Nose and Throat cured quickly and permanently, •'•^
Noises In the Ears stopped. Discharging Ears cured in every case, Come and see me, I can
tell you in five.minutes whether curable or not x
c. J? mt ? *?' al ! d U? s ? nl P to ' n »' l' ke Headache, Nervousness, Eye troubles. Ear, I,ung, I4ver.
Stomach, Bowels, Womb troubles I can cure. Treatment gives immediate relief. Remember, if
you have any diseases of the
EYES, EARS, NOSE AND THROAT
Read what the people have to say. .If that does not satisfy you come and see me and I will refer
you to over 5000 cured by me. Among them are doctors, lawyers, business men and working men,
and if you can find any one of these that say they ever had or saw used the treatment I used. I
will treat you free. ]
. If you an coming, come early as my rooms are always crowded.
ONE MAN'S LUCK.
Steered Into a Junior Partnership
by a Chnnce Guxt of Wind.
"Speaking of taking in partners,"
said a downtown business man, "our
junior was, you might say, blown in on
us, and I saw him started In our di
rection, though I bad no idea of it at
the time.
"Going down town one summer morn
ing on a Ninth avenue elevated train
I 6aw sitting opposite to me a young
man who caught my fancy, a substan
tial, earnest, straightforward looking
chap, whose looks I liked first rate. He
was reading a paper, and presently he
tore off from his paper an advertise
ment leaf tliat he didn't want and
threw It out of a window or tried to,
for as a matter of fact It didn't go out.
A gust of wind with just the right
twist to it came along at just that mo
ment and blew the paper back, to fall
on a vacant seat nest to him.
"And as it fell something in it caught
his eye, and he picked up that part
which he had just been trying to throw
away and began earnestly to read it
and ended up by folding it carefully
and putting -it in his pocket.
"About four mluutos after I'd got in
here that morning this same young
man walks In and applies for a place
that we had been waiting for some
body to fill. Our advertisement for a
man for It was in that paper which I
had seen this young man try to throw
away, and which a gust of wind, by
one chance in a million or more, had
blown back upon him .and In such a
manner as to fix his attention.
"As a matter of fact I hadn't liked
the young man's act of throwing the
paper out of an elevated car window.
A paper floating down and around as
Tinn would ~uo uiigrrrTiiguica iium'si
and lead to no end of trouble and lots
of damage, but no one man thinks
about everything, and he'd learn better
about this, I knew, and so as a matter
of fact I took this young man on the
spot on my first Impressions of him.
He far wore than made good and in
due course of time he came into his
junior partnership, literally and truly
blown into it.
"Sort o' queer, eh?"— New York Sun.
The Only One Eligible.
Papa— So, Bobby, you're the presi
dent of your bicycle club. That's very
nice. How did they happen to choose
you?
Bobby— Well, you see, papa, I'm the
only boy that's got a bicycle.— Tit-Bits.
A statistical item of interest to wo
men is that today women are two
inches taller on an average than they
were twenty-five years ago.
Lampblack mixed with turpentine to
a consistency that wIU flow readily
from the brush makes a good marking
ink.
-Mostly Fortissimo.
Hunt— lt seems strange to mo to hear
you criticise jour wife's reflections as
harangues, in view of the fact that In
the earlier days of your married life
you spoke of your wife's voice as the
very soul of music.
Blunt— That's all right, too, but you
Bee she's drifted from the Italian to
the Wagnerlan schooL— Richmond Dla-
E a tch«
A CORDIAL RECEPTION.
The Book Astmt Got One That
Wasn't Intended For Him.
There is a farmer living just north
of Ev.inston and a book agent some
where In the cosmopolitan desert of
Chicago each of whom feels that he is
a victim of a cruel circumstance.
Last week the farmer had a note
from a nephew to say that the boy
would visit the farm on Thursday.
Uncle anil nephew had not met for fif
teen years, and the old man drove to
the station in his most uncomfortable
coat that he might welcome his sister's
child. But the young man failed to
arrive. After waiting till the last pas
senger had disappeared the old man
drove away, disappointed.
The book agent entered Into the dra
matis personic early the next morning.
Looking over the top rail of the barn
yard gate, he called, "Hello, uncle!"
The book agent never got such a re
ception before. In all his life. The farm
er flung the gate wide open, seized the
agent's hand and pressed a whiskered
kiss on the ironclad cheek.
"Say, this must be heaven," mur
mured the agent, following the farmer
into the house and explaining that ev
erybody at home was as well as could
be expected. Not till the agent was
full of a boiled dinner and attempted
to sell a book did the farmer begin to
see a dim light. Charged with Imper
sonating the missing nephew, the
agent explained that he greeted all
elderly strangers as "uncle;" that he
even had a few almost real ones in
South Clark street in Chicago.
When last seen by the farmer, the
agent was still running, and when the
real nephew does come he may find an
electric current in the latchstrlng.—
-ehicigu -LijimiK l . "
The Bent Man.
For the origin of "the best man at a
wedding" we must go back many cen
turies, to days wheu it was the amia
ble practice of the budding bridegroom
to dispense with the consent either of
the lady or her father. lie simply
waited for a suitable opportunity to
capture her and make a bolt with his
bride. In this enterprise lie found it
helpful to have the services of a friend
who would neslst him in the capture
and keep -the pursuers at bay until he
had got a sufficiently long start. This
friend was the prototype. of the "best
man" of our own uuromantlc day,
when his duties are limited to seeing
that the bridegroom doesn't leave the
ring behind him or leave the church
without taking his hat with him. How
times do change!
An Impudent Dos.
One day Beau Nash joined some fine
ladles In a grove and, asking one of
them who was crooked whence she
came, she replied, "Straight from Lon
don."
"Confound me, madam," said he,
"theu* you must have been warped by
the way!"
She soon, however, had ample re
venge. The following evening he join
ed her company and, with a sneer and
a bow, asked her If she knew her cate
chism and could tell him the name of
Toblt's dog.
"His name, sir, was Nash," replied
the lady, "and an Impudent dog lid
waal"
Potion l»y Absorption.
The slow absorption of many poisons
changes In some more or less modified
form the complexion, but arsenic and
ammonia show their effect about as
quickly as any. The popular belief
that arsenic clears the complexion haa
led many silly women to kill them
selves -with Jt in small, continued
doses.
It produces a waxy, lvorjiike appear
ance of the skin during a certain stage
of the poisoning, but Its terrible after
effects have become too well known to
make It of common use as a cosmetic.
The effects of ammonia upon the
complexion are directly opposite from
that of arsenic. The first symptoms of
ammonia poisoning which . appears
among those who work In ammonia
factories is a discoloration of the skin
of the nose and forehead. This gradu
ally extends over the face until the
complexion has a stained, blotched and
unsightly appearance. With people
who take ammonia Into their systems
In small doses, as with their water
and -food, -these striking symptoms do
not appear so soon. The only effect of
the poison that is visible for a time is
a general unwholesomeness and sal
lowness of the complexion.
Undigested Food.
The recurrence of the flavor of food
for some time after eating is always
an Indication, writes a physician in a
medical journal, that the food is not
being properly digested. "I can taste
It," we say after eating canned fruits
and vegetables preserved by adding
salicylic acid or formaldehyde, sub
stances that embalm food against the
digestive juices as completely as they
protect It from the microbes of the
outer air.. And "I can taste it" would
probably be the report of one who had
made a hearty meal on a turkey kept
several months In cold storage. "A
man trying to live on such meat would
simply starve to death or die of blood
poisoning," adds the physician. '
He does not fail to remind us that
the storage warehouse Is generally a
convenience and a J benefit and only
when misused a source of danger. But
neither he nor any one else could find
a good word to say for manufacturers
who put slow poison Into a food prod
uct. The fitting punishment for them
would be to give them nothing to eat
but their own canned stuff.
The Dtrd That Files Longest.
Mr. J. Lancaster, naturalist, who
spent flye years on the west coast of
Florida study ing birds there, came to
the conclusion that of all the feathered
tenants of the air the frigate bird can
fly the longest without resting. He has
seen one flying for a whole week night
and day without repose. .
The frigate bird can feed, collect ma
terials'for Its nest and even sleep on
the wing. Apparently Its wings can
be controlled automatically, without
the power of its will, and It probably
adapts Itself to take advantage of the
upward or bearing force of the wind.
The spread of/ the frigate bird's wing
is great, and it can fly at a speed of
ninety-six miles an hour, without seem
ing to flap Its wings much. . . •
The albatross— that "king of the high
seas," as it has been called— is larger
than the frigate bird, but If It follows
a vessel for four or five days it has to
rest on a rock or on the ship itself.
Proving Polarization.
The polarization of' the human body
can be proved by allowing a strong
current to flow through the body from
one end to the other, the hands being
placed in two basins connected with
the poles. The hands are then dried
and placed In two other basins of wa
ter connected with the wires of a deli
cate galvanometer. A current la the
reverse direction to the original one Is
then found to flow from the body.
Johnson on Poverty.
Poverty, my dear friend, is so great
an evil and pregnant with so much
temptation and so much misery that I
cannot but earnestly enjoin you to
avoid it. Live on what you have; live
if you can on less. Do not borrow
either for vanity or pleasure; the vani
ty-will end in shame and the pleasure
hi regret— Samuel Johnson.
Woman's Intuition.
Tess— She says she can't understand
why people call him a flatterer.
Jess — She does, eh?
Tess— Yes; I guess It's because he
never said anything flattering to her.
Jess— More likely he did say some
thing flattering and she's trying to
make herself believe he was In earnest
—Philadelphia Press.
. '"'V.- When a
« woman is
' f . <^~ nervous her
y"jN*^^ v -^iniagina- .
l\ ** j} tion P ves
I ''^^i.^ *■ ' y*y ..fantastic
V^ fgj^ S and threat-
v_ j* — * — - emng
_____^_ tneTost'fa-
niiliar ob-
jects. By day
Sjfc>& -• she starts in fear
T zSx./XV at every sudden
) > <^Iv^\o!?' v. or nn * am '^ ar
1 ' / I > sound. By
I— - /. I / '.V\^l / light the furni-
*~J ture °^ er room
takes on af-
iK^SSd^ frighting forms
MgaSSBMk of ghost or gob-
kxSIII^PSSk lin. You can't
f%e||3SjSjSl>N reason with the
Zfe£|pKg|^nerves. Neither
kr can quiet them.
- ' „ They must be
nourished and then the outcry of the
nerves will cease as naturally as a hun-
gry child ceases to cry when fed.
For nervous women there is no better
tonic and nervine than Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription. It cures the dis-
eases which produce nervousness in
women, irregularity, debilitating drains,
inflammation, ulceration and female
weakness. It tranquilizes the nerves,
encourages the appetite, and induces re-
freshing sleep.
« Wheu I began taking your medicine I was
not able to stand on my feet ten minutes at a
time," writes Mrs. Ilattie Borradaile. of 113
Spring Street, Nashville, Term. "Had falling
of uterus, and kidney and liver disease, and was
so weak and nervous 1 could not keep stilL
Would take nervous spells and almost die at
times. I had several different doctors attend-
ing, but they could not do me any good. The
last one I had said I would never get up again.
Told him that I was taking your.' Favorite Pre-
scription ' and • Golden Medical Discovery, 1 and
be said, 'Might just at well take that much
water each day. 1 But I thought I would give the
medicine a fair trial. Before I had finished the
first two bottles I was able to g4 outside the
house and walk around Uje yard. 1 kept on
taking the medicines and they cured me."
Dr. Pierces Pellets cure biliousness.
Ten Cents Per Copy.
COUNTERFEIT GOLD.
GILDING POWDERS ARE MADE OF
COPPER AND SPELTER.
How the Material That Gives the
Shilling, Metallic Finish to Mirror
and Picture Frames Is Produced.
Gold Leaf Without Gold.
: How many persons who see the shin-
Ing gold In colored printing and on
mirror anS picture frames know that
gold does not enter at all into the com
position of the stuff that produces these
golden effects 7
' The shining metallic effect is pro
duced by a fine powder made from a
mixture of bronze and spelter. This
offers the cheapest and best means of
giving the rich surface demanded in
wall papers, printing, lithography, fres
coing and In a vast range of manufac
tured articles of wood, paper and Iron.
I The material used Is so called Dutcb
metal, an alloy of copper and spelter.
The relative proportions are varied to
produce different «olors. The larger
the percentage of spelter the lighter or
more yellowish will be the tint of the
alloy.
The copper and spelter are smelted In
graphite crucibles containing about 400
pounds of metal, which, when com
pletely fused, . Is run off Into molds,
forming half round ingots two feet
long by half an inch In thickness. Aft
er cooling these are bound into bundles
and sent to the rolling mill, where they
are passed cold nine times through a
double set of steel rolls under enor
mous pressure. This flattens them and
draws them out Into thin ribbons from
50 to CO feet long and something more
than one Inch wida. Cold rolling un
der such extreme pressure makes the
metal brittle, so it passes to the an
nealing furnace, ' which Is heated by
wood fire, as the sulfhur In coal or
coke would be Injurious to the ribbons. .
! Having been softened and rendered
ductile by annealing, they are cleansed
fa an acid bath, cut into lengths of
about three feet and collected In bun
dles of 40 or 50 strips each. They are
laid between sheets of zinc and passed
under hammers which beat the metal
strips to the thinness of tissue paper.
This requires six successive beatings,"
and great skill must be exercised to
produce a 'uniform and unbroken folL
After the third beating the metal strips
are taken from between the sheets of
zinc, loosened from "!" each other and
cleansed by immersion in a bath of
tartrate of potassium. The cleaning is
repeated after the last beating, and the
sheets are hung on lines to dry. In the
beginning the rolled strips are a dull
gray metallic color, at the fourth beat
ing the yellowish color begins to show,
and after the sixth they are clear and
bright as gold.
:The defective leaves are then thrown
out and the perfect ones cut into small
squares, which are laid together by
hand In packets of several hundred
each and Inclosed within an envelope
of sheet brass. The packets return to
the annealing furnace, where they are
softened by heating and slow cooling,
and then go to the beaters, where they
are reduced under flattening hammers
to the thinness of real gold leaf, so thin
that It can be blown away by the
breath.
The manufacture of bronze powder
consists. Id grading, clipping and pul
verizing the various bronze foils to an
even, Impalpable powder and is an In
dustry of comparatively recent date.
It began as a means of using up and
utilizing the imperfect leaves which
came as waste from the beaters of
gold, silver and bronze. These were
cut by hand . into fine clippings and
then ground to powder in hand mills of
simple construction. With the lapse of
time and the spread of artistic Indus
tries the. uses of bronze powder In
creased until the. demand far outran
the supply of waste, and the leaf metal
is now made on a large scale.
The beating process flattens out a
pound of copper and spelter alloy to an
area of about 500 square feet, and in
this condition the square sheets as they
come* from the brass envelopes are
sheared into small fragments and rub
bed with olive oil through a steel sieve
having ten meshes to the inch and then
, passed to the stamping and grinding
machines, where they are pulverized by.
steam or water power to the bronze
powder of commerce. The grinding
occupies from one to four hours, ac
cording to the grade or quality of the
powder to be produced, which Is of
four grades, from coarse to superfine.
TJie superfluous oil Is removed by heat-
Ing under pressure, and the powder
is then carried Into centrifugal clarl
ficrs, or grading machines, which, turn
ing at a high speed, expel the powder
through fine orifices in the form of
dust, which settles on Inclosed shelves,
according to weight and fineness, the
finer particles at the top, the coarser
below, and In this way the powder is
divided into its various grades.— New
i'orfc Prpga ,'
Origin of the Clearing Honae.
In 1775 the bankers of London rented
a house In Lombard street and fitted It
with tables and desks for the use of
their clerks as a place where bills,
notes, drafts and other commercial pa
per might be exchanged without the
trouble of personal visits of employees
to all the metropolitan banks. Trans- .
fer tickets were used, and by means of
this simple plan transactions Involving
many millions were settled without a
penny changing hands. The Bank of
England and every other important
bank hi London are members of the
Clearing House association. The first -
clearing house in the United States
was established by the associated
banks of New. York in 1853. ,
Her Ileferencea.
Mrs. niram— And have yon any ref
erences?
. Applicant— No, mum; 01 tored 'em
up!
Mrs. Hiram (in surprise)— Tore them
up? How foolish 1
Applicant— Yez wudn't think so,
muni, if yez had seen 'em.— From
"Recollections of Mrs. Minnie E. Leo."-
An Indian Belief.
There is a belief prevalent in India
that If a man be sleeping, no matter
where, and a Shesh Nag come and sit
beside him, with a hood spread over
the sleeper's face, the latter is sure to
be a son of fortune. Popular tradition
assigns the same reason to the rise of
Haida All of Mysore from a cqmmoa
soldier, . -r- -THE AMADOR LEDGER
(COUNTY OFFICIAL PAPER. )
Published Fridays by
Amador County Publishing Co.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One, year (in advance $2 SO
Oneyear (if not in advance) 3 00
Six mouths 1 25
Throanionths ; 75
One or more copies, each 10
Legal advertising— per sqr.-lst insertion. SI 00
Subsequent Insertions — per square-each . . SO
ENrERED AT THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS
SECOND-CLASS MATTER.
R. WEBB - - - - Editor and Manager
FRIDAY........ DECEMBER 6, 1901
Ledger 801 lof Honor.
The following sums have been received as
subscription to the Ledger during the month of
November. This acknowledgment Is equal to a
receipt for the respective amounts. If any per
sons have paid during tbe past month whose
names do not appear in the list published here
with they will please notify this office so that
the matter may be correct- <1:
Mrs M A Tregloan.|2 50 ."irs Liversedge 13 00
WTGlllick 2 50 Colombo Saloon.. 2 50
George Kclton 2 50 Andrew Piccardo 250
FM Whitmore.... 2 50 H F Vogt 250
P Reichling 250 Ed Mills 88
CH McKecny 4 00 C Schoendorf.... 600
JC Norris 5 00 H D Ranlett..... 5 00
DTKerr 5 00 H E Stowers.... 4 00
Sol King 6 00 MF Gorman 500
JAAyala _ 12 00 Ben Thorn 10 00
FF Thomas 2 50 C Demarest 1100
CJ Castle 5 00 DrJH Giles 100
WA Woodworth.. 7 50 Frank Cassinelli 1 50
John Cocking 2 50 T Curran 250
AL Garabaldi.... 750 MrsSHßoxall. 75
JohnCßader 250 AH Kuhlman... 250
Robt Reed 5 00 Frank Walker... 200
A Giannini 250 Ed F Bryant 500
T A Laverone 750 George Keffer. ... 250
Mrs S Johnson 250 Clark Courtright 500
WCVoorheis -5 00 A L Waite...... 2 50
H D Emerson 500 G Marchetti. ...: 4 00
Mrs Thompson .... 2 50 "'■■■•?
Congress met last Monday. The
message of President Roosevelt ii
one of the strongest and most
straightforward documents ever pre
sented to the nation. It is thorough
paced in its American ideas, and in
its continuation of the policy inaug
urated by McKinley. It has 're
ceived the wi<ftst commendations
from foreign journals. It takes a
firm stand on all the leading ques
tions now agitating the people. On
the one burning issue before the
Pacific coast — the continued exclu
sion of the Chinese — the message is
strongly in favor of the reenactment
of the Geary law. It favors the in
dependence of Cuba at the earliest
practicable moment; the building of
the canal across the Panama isthmus;
the acquirement of the Danish West
Indies; the upbuilding of our mer
chant marine ; the reclamation of
the arid lands by irrigation. It dis
favors any radical revision of the
tariff, and this recommendation will
be cordially indorsed by repub
licans generally. ;" We have no space
to discuss the document at length.
Altogether it shows that we have
in President Roosevelt an able and
earnest advocate of those republican
principles and policies which have
conducted the nation to its present
proud position of uparalleled great
ness and prosperity.
The supreme court has decided
that the grazing tax on migratory
stock is constitutional. Most of the
stockmen of this county who drive
their herds t into Alpine county for
summer pasturage, paid this head
tax to that county this year uqder
protest, in anticipation of the higher
court passing upon the question
in a case appealed from Butte coun
ty. The vexed question is now set
tled, and Alpine is secure in this
source of revenue, which is of vital
importance in the maintenance of her
county organization.
SUPERIOR COURT.
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
Estate of Pasqualia Picaso— Decree
establishing notice to creditors.
Estate of Lillie M. Ekel— December
14th appointed for hearing of applica
tion for lease of certain real estate for
5 years at a total rental of $800.
Estate of Mary Callahan— Hearing
on final account continued until Dec. 7.
Estate of L. L. Northup— Final ac
count allowed and decree of distribu
tion granted.
Guardianship of Edward Allen-
Hearing on final account. Decree set
tling: same. -;."-:
Estate of Edward Allen— Geo. A.
Gritton appointed administrator.
Whelan vs. Reik— No one appearing
for plaintiff, matter continued, counsel
for defendant to present affidavits
J. Raddatz vs. T. Ryan— Set for trial
January-^""" !—! — - ■ —
Drew vs. Centennial Mining Co.—
Continued until December 7.
Central Eureka vs. East Central
Eureka — Hearing on motion to tax
costs continued until December 7. "'-- '
A. Weil vs. his creditors— Continued
until December 7.
F. A. Orr vs. L. Ferdinando—Con
tinued until December 14.
People vs. W. Gotow — Order for re
moval of F. Christenson from state
prison to Amador county as a witness
for prosecution.
NEW CASES.
Estate of Samuel G. Morrow— Robert
I. Kerr petitions for letters testa
mentery. Caminetti & Bole, attorneys.
Estate of John Juka— Mrs. Louisa
Juku petitions for letters testamentery.
Last will and testament filed. De
ceased left real property in Jack
son, upon which a homestead had been
filed, valued at $900; also personal
property in Amador county consisting
of $900 in money, some of it belonging
to others; also real and personal prop
erty in Austria, the value of which
cannot be ascertained. Deceased left
widow and 4 children, three girls, aged
7, 6, and 2 years respectively, and one
son aged 4 years. John F. Davis, at
torney for petitioner.
I Lucy Jones vs." Orlando Jones — Ac
tion for divorce on the ground of in
temperance. Neil A. Macquarrie, at
torney for plain tifl.
Stationery and all kinds of writing
material may be had at Kerr's Phar
macy at lowest prices.
TEACHERS' INSTITUTE.
Minutes in Fall of an Interesting Gath
ering. 1
MONDAY, NOV.- 25, 1901.
Institute was called to order by ex
officio president, Geo. A. Gordon.
Singing, "Columbia "the Gem of the
Ocean,i!-by committeo and institute.
Not having a list of the names of
teachors, roll call was dispensed with.
A motion was made and passed that the
committees stand as named. '
Papers on "How to teach reading,"
were read by Miss Hattie Hinkson and
Miss Mabel Wheeler, some very useful
points being brought out.
Miss Alma M. Patterson took up the
subject, "Training of the sen?es."
Tho school period of sense develop
ment, she stated, lies between the ages
of six and nine or ten years. The rea
soning develops about twelve, and the
sense development begins to decrease.
The difficulty with us is that we try to
make our children reason before their
reasoning powers are developed.
Discussion followed by Miss Alice
Gartlin, Miss Elizabeth Joses, and 're
marks by Supt. Geo. A. Gordon.
Recess of ten minutes was then de
clared, after which the subject, "Read
ing as a means of acquiring know
ledge, M was presented by Miss Vannie
McLaughlin and Miss Lottie Breese.
Miss Alma M. Patterson then took
up the subject, "Reading in tho pri
mary grades," and presented it in a
manner very advantageous to the
teachers. A discussion followed by
Miss Nellie PayDe, Miss Edna K. Bur
gin, and Miss Bertha Mason; questions
being asked by Miss Vannio Mc-
Laughlin and Miss Rachel Goldner.
Adjourned until 1:30. Institute call
ed to order by Vice Pres. F. M. Petty.
Music, "Star Spangled Banner, "' by
committee and institute.
A paper on "What I do in Language
Work," was read by Miss Amy B.
Pharis. and a talk on the same" was
given by Miss Maud E. Read. Miss
Pharis 1 main point seemed to be in
taking up the work in connection with
nature study, and Miss Read in connec
tion with story reading and composi
tions. Questions by Supt. Gordon, and
remarks by W. H. Coleman, Geo. F.
Mack, and Geo. A. Gordon on the im
portance of nature study.
"Primary Language Lessons— Aims,
Materials, and " Methods. " was quite
thoroughly taken up by Miss Alma M.
Patterson, and presented in a practical
i way; the main point seeming to be that
our pupils learn by doing. Discussion
by Miss L. Esther Dovan, Miss Rachel
Goldnor, and Miss Carrie M.Badarraco.
Remarks on the same by Supt. Gordon.
Recess of ten minutes declared. In
stitute called to order by Vice Pres. F.
M. Petty. S
■ A paper was read by Mrs. John
Touhey on "History— Tho time I de
vote to it. The way in which I teach
it." Talks on tho same by W. S. Wil
liams and Geo. F. Mack, the concrete
method as presented by Mr. Williams,
and the means of local history in lead
ing up to the history of nations as pre
sented by Mr. Mack, being commended
by Miss Patterson.
: A list of the teachers having been se
cured, the roll was now called, the fol
lowing being noted absent: Miss Edna
A. Rust, sick; Miss Lotta A. Sargent,
sick, and Miss Mabel Jameson of joint
district.
General remarks by Supt. Gordon,
who commended the teachers earnest
ness in behalf of tho institute. He
earnestly advised the teachers to con
stantly keep in mind the ideas of self
improvement, and a desire to keep up
with the times.
MONDAY EVENING, NOV. 25.
On Monday evening the teachers and
friends assembled in Taylor & Allen's
hall to listen to a musicale prepared by
tho teachers of Amador City for the
entertainment of thoir fellow teachors.
The following program rendered
quite effectively, and greatly enjoyed
by all present:
Overture, "Tho Jewel"— Orchestra.
Address of welcome — Mr. John R.
Tregloan.
Grand march, "Regulation"—Or
chestra.
Vocal solo, "Beyond The Gates" —
Miss E. Mabel Wheeler.
Trio, "La Tipico"— Misses Grainger
and Henry Allen.
Overture, "Standard" — Orchestra.
Piano solo— Miss Maud Crabtree.
Waltz, "Evergreen" — Orchestra.
Cornet solo — F. A. Ball.
Ragtime, "Ma Dixie Belle"—Or
chestra.
Vocal solo— Miss Thirza Faull.
Gavotte, "Golden Reward"—Or
chestra.
At the close of the program the
teachers were asked to remain, when
they were served with a delicious repast
of ice cream and cake. All seemed to
enjoy themselves very much.
TUESDAY, NOV. 26, 1901.
Institute called to order by Vice Pres.
W. H. Coleman. Singing, "The Days
of Youth, " by committee and institute.
The roll was called by assistant secre
tary, and the following were noted ab
sent: Geo. F. Mack, W. H. Green
halgh being tardy. Minutes of previ
ous meeting were road and approved.
A motion was made by W. S. Wil
liams that the absentees of previous
meeting be excused, as the causes of
such absence were found to be such as
could not be avoided. Motion carried.
Motion made and carried that the
secretary send a dispatch of sympathy,
in behalf of the institute, to Geo. F.
Mack, on its being found that the re
cent reports of his great bereavement
in the death of his son, had been con
firmed.
"What I Know of the Rational
Method in Reading" was taken up by
Miss Anna McLaughlin in a few re
marks, and Miss Louise A. Weithoff
in a paper. »
"Phonics or Word Building" was
presented by Geo. A. Gordon in quite
an interesting talk, comparing his
methods of seventeen or eighteen years
ago with the methods of to-day. He
canthrned tho- toacircrr-j,— especiaH j-t berao
who teach little ones, to be absolutely
sure that their methods are the cor
rect ones before bringing them into use.
Miss N. E. B. Morrow gave a talk on
the same subject, giving the "Pollard
Method of Sympathetic Reading" in a
quite clear and interesting manner, as
used by her; the method being com
mended by Supt. Gordon and Mr.
Coleman. Questions and remarks by
Messrs. Petty, Fuller, and Williams.
"Class Drill" was taken up by Miss
Alma M. Patterson, presenting a new
and practical method of teaching
phonics.
"How often per week should the
studies of a grado bo recited, " was pre
sented by W. M. Fuller, and discussed
by institute. No definite conclusion
being reached.
Adjourned for noon intermission.
Institute called to order at 1:35 by
Pres. Geo. A. Gordon. Music by com
mittee. Roll call. A motion was made
and passed that the following named
persons bo elected honorary members
of the institute and enabled to partici
pate in its proceedings: Oscar Martin,
John R. Tregloan, Rev. Wm. Burchett,
Mrs. Dr. Baker, Miss Maymo Thomas,
Miss Glendora Burns, J. S. Clark, Dr.
Freshman, Mr. Smith, Miss Clara
Sallee, Miss Maud Porter, Mrs. Gillis,
Mrs. Whitehead, Mrs. Barnett, Mrs.
Caldwell, Mrs. Allen, Mrs Tuttle, Miss
Nellie Hambley, Mrs. R. M. Brown,
Mrs. Kerr, Mrs. John B. Tregloan, and
Mrs. Hammack.
The subject, "Available Materials
for Nature Study," and "How I Teach
Nature Study," was presented by Miss
Annie Vogeli in a few remarks, she and
Miss Mayo L. Tibbitts seeping to give
W. H. Greenhalgh sufficient time in
which to take up the same subject.
THE AMADOU LEDGER; JACKSOiS, uAJ.rFOHyiA, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6. 1901.
Supt. Gordon made sorao remarks on
the subject, to tho effect that specimens
of plants gathered ami preserved by
pupils seemed to himquite a useful
study. Mr. Groenhalsh . mado quite
good use of the time kindly given him
by the others, givinjr a very interesting
talk. " .-.?■-
Miss Alma M. Patterson took up the
subjoct, "Nature Study," in a very in
teresting way, many good points being
brought out by discussion.
"Class Drill'"' on "Nature Study" by
Miss Alma M. Patterson, showing how
she prosentsthn subject ton class, using
objects from nature.
A motion was made and carried that
a committee be appointed by the chair
for tho purpose to consider the course
of study, and find out tho bost method
of arrangement of reeitanons on the
principal subjects so as to conform
with the law of twenty recitations per
week. -. : „■':■
Miss Patterson made a few fnrowoll
remarks to the institute, cordinllv"in
viting the teachers to visit the ' San
Francisco State Normal.
NIGHT SESSION TUESDAY', NOV. 2(5,
Singing, the "Hunter's Call," by
committee, after whicli Supt. Gordon
introduced the speaker of the evening,
Alexander Gordon kor, of the lono
Academy, who delivered a lectuio on
"Educational Trinity. V Tno lecture
was well Attended by teachers and
townspeople. Mooting closed with song
entitled "Then We'll Sing," by com
mittee.
WEDNESDAY. NOV. 27.
Called to order, by t'res. Geo. A.
Gordbn. Singing- by i-ommitteo and
institute. .',: :
On motion of W. M. Fullor, seconded
by Miss Vannio McLaughlin,- Miss
Cassinelli was excused on account of
sickness.
A motion was carried that the teach
ers purchase a floral piece for the
funeral of Geo. F. Mack's son. Also a
motion that tho chair appoint a com
mittee to attend to the savno matter.
The committee appointed by Supt.
Gordon for this purposo was W. S.
Williams, Miss Vannie McLaughlin,
Miss Bertha Mason.
A few general remarks were then
made by W. H. Greenhalgh, after
which he took up tho subjoct, "Tho
Use of Local History as I'lustrative of
U. S. History," and gavo quite an in
teresting talk on thß subject.
D. S. Snedden of Stanford University,
took up the subject, "Enriching the
History and Geography Work of the
Upper Grades," and gave a very inter
esting and instructive talk on tho same.
Miss Agues M. Kaab and Miss Alice A.
Bagley stating that they gained many
points that they could apply when they
returned to their respective schools.
Supt. Gordon made somo remarks,
giving a little instance of local history
near Jackson in connection with . the
history of California. A' recess was
then declared.
Miss M. D. "Wheeler read an ■ inter
esting paper on "The Use of School
Library as Helps.
"Tho Use of Literature aud Heading
in the Upper Grades" was taken up by
D. S. Snedden ' in a very interesting
manner, some points that were brought
out were: To read to the children very
often from some good book ; to desire
to so instruct bur pupils that when
they leave the school they will have a
taste for the reading of good literature;
be careful v not to .criticise pupils too
closely in their compositions as to spell
ing, punctuation, etc., but to use
special drills in- these things. Dis
cussion followed by Miss N. E. ■ B.
Morrow, Miss Lena J. Gartliu, Miss
Esther Breese,* W. H. Coleman, W. S.
Williams.
Minutes of previous meeting were
then read, and after corrections, ap
proved, having been omitted in the
morning on account of lack of time.
• A communication from Geo. F. Mack
and wife, expressing their gratitude
for the message of condolence sent by
the institute, was read.
After noon recess the meeting was
called to order by Vice Pres. F. M.
Potty.
A paper on ' 'Some of the Difficulties
in Advanced Arithmetic, " was read by
H. L. Waste. Some questions were
asked on reading and literature, especi
ally on "Evangeline," being answered
by D. S. Snedden.
"Some Suggestions for the Teaching
of Arithmetic," was taken up by Mr.
Sneddon, some good suggestios being
given; the necessity of oral work to
precede written work being brought
out. Discussion by Miss Annie Vogeli,
Miss Myra A. Miller, Miss Annie I.
Bagloy, Win. M. Fuller. Questions
were asked by Mr. Williams and Supt.
Gordon.
A recess of a few minutes was de
clared, after which papers on "The
Teaching of Current Events in Connec
tion with History and Geography,"
were read by Miss Thirza Fault and
Miss Wanda Reichlyig.
Mr. Snoddon took up the subject,
"Can the Recitation be Made More
Effective," and presented it in a way
to be clearly understood by the teach
ers, a discussion bringing out many
good points. Discussion by W. H.
Coleman, Miss Mamio E. Tiorney, Miss
W. Frances Moone.v. Miss Margaret
Schilling and F. A. Ball.
The committee appointod by Mi-.
Coleman on the number of recitations
per week, consisting of Mr. Williams,
Miss Post and Mr. Waste, reported,
and a motion was made and passed that
the report be accepted as read.
The committee on resolutions report
ed, such reports being read by Mr.
Coleman. A motion was made and
carried that the resolutions bo accept
ed as read.
A motion was mado and carried that
the institute compliment tho secretary
on the correctness of tho minutes, and
the assistant secretary on the discharge
of her duty.
After a few closing remarks by Supt.
Gordon, the institute adjourned.
In the evening tho meeting was call
ed to order by Supt. Gordon at 7:30.
After the singular of "The Red, White
and Blue," by the committee, D. S.
Snaddan. delivered -a - vory_ interesting
lecture on "Education in Amencarr
Life." Meeting closed by singing
"America" by committee and institute,
after which some of tho teachers at
tended a ball given in Taylor & Allen's
hall. F A Ball
. RESOLUTIONS.
Hr Chairman— Your committee beg to report
that it is our belie* that while there Is in our
county a great difficulty in so arranging our
programs as to comply with the requirement of
the recent school law, which limits recitations
to twenty a week, and still cover our course of
study, any attempt to do so at the expense of
known and proved truths in regard to child edu
cation, and especially the confining of the
child's attention to one subject the entire day,
is deemed unwise. Your committeo recommend
that the superintendent request each teacher in
the county to study carefully the problem of
reconciling the law and the course, and report
to him within a certain time Tor the benent of
all concerned.
W. S. Williams.
Whereas, this Institute, from a social point,
has been one of the most successful held in Am
ador county; and
Whereas, this has been almost wholly duo to
the cordial hospitality of the citizens of Amador
City, therefore be it
Resolved, that tho teachers of Amador County
Institute return to them their heartfelt thanks.
Whereas, during the week we have had ample
opportunity to Judgeof the kindness, considera
tion, and happy entertaining qualtltles of the
teachers of Amador City, be it
Kesolved, that wo extend to them our thanks,
and congratulate the people of Amador on the
jiossession of such a corps of teachers. *
Kesolved, that the Institute has been particu
larly fortunato In securing tho services ot David
S. Snedden, of .Stanford University. Hts talks
have been helpful, practical and entertaining.
We leave the Institute teeliug that much that he
has said will bear fruit in botter taachln g.
-Kesolved, that the gratitude of the Institute bo
extended to Alexander Oordenker for the learned
lecture, so ably delivered. It was really an in
tellectual treat.
Kesolved, that Miss Alma JI. Patterson's pre
sentation of methods, and her suggestions and
talks on subjects of the primary grades, have
been of incalculable value to us, and that our
appreciation follows her to her work in other
fields. ■ »v..- ■ :
ltosolvod, that County Superintenaant'George
A. Gordon be congratulated upon his succcsa in
making; this Institute one of the most success
ful in the history of Amador county by his un
tiring conscientious labors, seconded by such a
wise choice ot Instructors. -.'-"■,
' Itesolvod, that the Institute extends to the sec
retary and his ablo assistant Its thanks for the
complete and able manner In which the minutes
have been reported.
Whereas, ono of our co-workers, Mr Goo. F.
Mack, has been so suddenly and sadly bereaved
of his beloved son Hobert;'and
Whereas, we, the teachers of Amador county,
do most sincerely sympathize with him in his
great sorrow; therelore, be it
Uesolvod, that we esteml to him and to oach
momber of his family our Jisartlolt sympathy
in this their great affliction.
Whereas, wo realize that in the death of Miss
Porter we have lost an earnest worker and pleas
ant companion from our midst; and
Whereas, the members of her family are de
prived of a dearly beloved one, whose many
Sneftffiorefb^ft' 10 IOBBan l " e P» raWe
Resolved, that we, the teachers of Amador. do
extend to them our deepest sympathy.
Miss m. D. Wheeleb.
: Miss hesutetta post
_. „ •; W. S. WILLIAMS.
W, H. Coleman.
Saved His Life.
"I wish to say that I feel I owe my
life to Kodol Dyspepsia Cure," writes
H. C. Chrestonson of HaynVld, Minn.
"For three years I was troubled with
dyspepsia so that I could hold nothing
on my stomach. Many times I would
bo unable to retain a inoi-sei of food.
Finally I was confined my bod.
Doctors said I could not liva, I read
one of your advertisomebts^oti Kodol
Dyspepsia Curo and thought it fit my
case .and commenced 1 its use. I began
to improve from the first bottle. Now
I am cured and recommend it. to all."
Digests your food. -Cures all stomach
troubles. Korr"s pharmacy,", Jackson.
Rainfall.
Since our last report rain has fallen
in Jaclcson, as measured by the Ledger
office gauge, as 'follows:. 4
Dec. 1 .....:..... 0.94
3 '...:......:.'...: 0.46
■"^4 .-■'.' :.;....' 1.13
5 '.... 0.47
Making tho total for the season 10.71
inches, against 9.14 inches for the same
period last year. .7;
An Evangelist's Storyi
"I suffered for years with a bronchial
or lung trouble and tried various reme
dies but did not obtain pormanent re
lief until I commenced using One Min
uto Cough Cure, " writes Rev. James
Kirkman, evangelist of Belle IJiver, 111.
"I have no hesitation in recommending
it to all sufferers from maiadkia of. this
kind. " » One Minute Cough . Cure af
fords immediate relief for cpughs, colds
and all kinds of throat and lung trou
bles. For croup it- is unequalled.
Absolutely safo. Very pleasant to take,
never fails, and is really a favorite with
tho children. They like it. ■ Kerr's
Pharmacy, Jackson.
BORN.
HOLTZ.— In J acltson, November 30, 1991, to Mr.
and Mrs, Peter Holtz, a daughter. ■'(.
TOWERS.— In Sutter Creek, December 1, 1901,
to Mr and Mrs. Robert Towers, a daughter.
~ MARRIED. S i
HUGHES-THOMSON-At Valley Springs!
Calaveras county, Novembers?, 1901, by Rev.
Charles Swithenbank, William M. IJughes of
lone, to Miss Flora Thomson of Valley
Springs. '
TOOP— HANNAPORD.— In San Josa, Novem-
ber 27, 1901, by Rer. Dr. Dinsmore, Dr. Thomas
M. Topp of Volcano, to Miss Alice M. Hanna-
for of San Jose. • ■ • ■
DYER-REICHLING.— In Sau Francisco, De-
cember 2. 1901, at 333 Haight street, by Rev.
John Stephens, Francis J. Dyer of San Fran-
cisco, to Miss Lillie O. Reichling, formerly of
Jackson.
CHISHOLM-CONNORS.-In Sutter Creek,
November 28, 1901, by Rev. W. Maloney,
George H. Chisholm to Miss Elsie Connors,
both of Sutter Creek.
DIED. ~
MITCHELL— In the County Hospital, Decem-
ber 1, 1901, William J. Mitchell, a native of
Cornwall, England, aged 70 years i months.
GLEESON. — In Glasgow, Scotland, November
10, 1901, of typhoid pneumonia, Uov. Henry J.
Gleeson, aged 29 years.
The deceased priest was a brother of the Rev
J.J. Gleeson, of Jackson. Mass will be ollered
for the repose of his soul In St Patrick's church
Jackson, on Monday, December 9, commencing
at 9 o'clock.
(yovr. faith £S£s^
ours if you «iy
Shiloh's
Consumption
ft j f~ and ours is so strong we
B .ll|^ f~ guarantee a cure or refund
*** • money, aud we send you
free trial bottle if you write, for it.
SHILOH'S costs 25 cents and will cure Con-
sumption, Pneumonia, Bronchitis and all
Lung Troubles. Will cure a cough or cold
in a day, and thus prevent serious results.
It has been doing these things for SO years.
S. C. Wells & Co., Le Roy. N. Y.
Karl's Clover Root Tea corrects the Stomach
V J
TEACHERS' EXAMINATION,
And Graduation Examinations.
» Jackson, Cal, Dec. 4, 1901. ■
THIS BOARD OF EDUCATION YSF. AMA-
dor County will meet in the oftlce of the
Superintendent of Schools at Jackson,
Saturday, December. 21, 1901,
For the purpose of adopting questions to be
L-nl....t»»n^ *.» -in'T r - l "'"iitM* J flii.i **.t»_v-, tm.W» 1110
examinations of graduation from the Grammar
Schools, or that may enter the teachers' exam-
ination. ...... t
The examination of those to graduate from
the Grammar School will bo held i *
Monday and Tuesday, Dec. 23 and 24
1. '
1901, at Plymouth, lone, Amador City, Volcano,
and Jackson.
The examination of those desiring to obtain
a teacher's certittcate will be conducted in tho
Jackson public school building
Thursday. Friday, and Saturday,
December 26, 27 and 28, 1901. All sessions will
begin at 9 o'clock a. m.
Tho Board of Education will meet in the
Superintendent of School's Office at Jackson
Monday and Tuesday, December 30 and 31, 1901!
for the.purpose of Issuing and renewing certifi-
cates, granting recommendations, etc.
Respectfully,
GEO. A. GORDON,
Superintendent of Common Schools
Amador County. .
Notice of Hearing of Petition
for Probate of Will.
TN the Superior Court of the County of Amador
- 1 State of California.
In the matter of the estate of John Juka, de-
ceased.
Notice is hereby given, that SATURDAY
the 21st day of DECEMBER, 1901, at ten o'clock
a. m. of said day, and the Court ropm of said
Court, at the Court House, iv tho town of Jack-
son, County of Amador, State of California
have been appointed as the time and place for
proving the will of said John Juka, deceased
and for hearing the application of Louisa Juka
for the issuance to her of letters testamentary
thereon. J
Witness my hand and the seal of said court
this 3d day of December, 1901.
[Seal of Superior Court] C. L. CULBERT,
John F. Davis, Attrrnej for petitioner. , <U6 3t
Uncalled-for Letters.
•Letters remaining unclaimed in tho
Jackson, Cal., Postofflco, for tho week
ondingDoc. 6, 1901: ;.
Ills* Mammfe Doyle Charles Ferry C-
Miss W. C jnarro Alblna Borrelleza -
Mr. Aaler E. E. Hucy
David Jackson W. T Johns
R. O. McKean . Mrs. A. McCarty
Savo Matcovich Ri Rogne;
S. J. Taylor J. L. Poggl ';'■'} i -V^'
William H. Dunn J. Kavanaugh (paper)
Tho Carmlchael Co. (cd)
G. C. Folger. Postmaster.
State of Ohio, City of Toledo 1
Lucas Counny, / ss
Frank J. Cheney makes oath that
ho is the senior partner of the firm of
F. J. Cheney & Co., doing business
in the city of Toledo, County and State
aforesaid, and that said firm will pay
the sum Of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS
for each and every case of Catarrh that
cannot be cured by the use of Hall's
Catarrh Cure.
Frank J. Cheney.
Sworn to before me and subscribed
in my P'cscn^e, this 6th day of Decem
ber,. A. D. iio6.
r '—'■— 1 A. W. Gleason,
I seal j- . Notary Public.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken inter
nally and acts directly on the blood
and mucous surfaces of the system.
Send for testimonials free.
, F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.
Sold by Druggists, 7oc.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
Money in Treasury.
According to the monthly report of
the county treasurer the following
amounts of money were in the county
'jOiu ...$ 34045 00
Silver..... ... 11707 20
Currency 3275 00
Checks 7472 96
GUIs 2550
Warrants !■■ <vi v«d.. 7134 99
Total $63660 65
Says He Was Tortured.
"I suffered such pain from corns I
could hardly walk," writes H. Robin
son, Hillsborougb, Ills., "but Bucklen's
Arnica Salve completely cured them."
Acts like magic on sprains, bruises,
cuts, sores, scalds, burns, boils, ulcers.
Porfect healer of skin diseases and
piles. Cure guaranteed by D. B.
Spagnoli. 2oc.
Freeman's is the sole agent for Santa
Claus this year.
Lazy Liver
**>»»■▼• been troubled a great deal
nrltta a torpid liver, which produces connip*-
.tion. I found CASC ARETS to be all you claim
for them, and secured such relief the first trial,
that i purchased another supply and wai com-
pletely cured. I shall only be too glad to ree-
pmmend Cascarets whenever the opportunity
Ss presented." J. A. Smith. '
2»20 Susquehanna Aye., Philadelphia, Pa.
B JE^«y CATHARTIC
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do
Good, Never Sicken. Weaken, or GripeTlOc, sic. Wo.
... CURE CONSTIPATION. ...
Bi»u.g Be«iiT co»pMT,m«ig«.m«trni,ir«wT«t*. mo
HO-TQ.BAC ,» a <^ n %f^m-
BRIDGE CONTRACTORS
OEALED PROPOSALS will be received by
the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors of the
county ef Amador, State of California, at the
office of said Clerk, until one o'clock p. m. of
January 6, 1902, for material and the construc-
tion complete of a Steel Bridge and approaches
thereto across the Middle Fork of the Jack&on
creek, in the town of Jackson, Cal., at the junc-
tion of Pitt and Water streets, in accordance
with tbe plans and specifications on file in the
office of said Clerk.
All proposals must be sealed, and the outside
of the envelop indorsed "Proposal for Construc-
tion of tho Jackson Creek Bridge," and also the
name of the person or corporation making the
proposal, and each bid must be accompanied
with a certiaed check drawn on some known re-
sponsible bank in the sum of at least ten per
cent ot the amount bid, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors of Ama-
dor county, Cal. Said check will be returned
to unsuccessful bidders, and also the bidder to
whom the contract is awarded when he shall
have entered into contract with said Board and
given bond with approved security, conditioned
as required in said contract and in the penal
sum required by the Board, In case the suc-
cessful bidder shall fail to enter into contract
as required by the Board, or to furnish bond
with approved security as required, the said
check shall be forfeited to tha county of Ama-
dor.
Tho Board reserves the right to reject any
and all bids.
Proposals received will be acted upon by the
Board of Supervisors on the 6th day of January,
. Dated Jackson, Cal.. December S, 1901.
X • C. L. CULBERT, Clerk.
de 6 By B. R. Breese, Deputy.
Huberty & Giovannoni
Undertakers,
Embalmers, and '
"'>'■.••.,•■ ■ ■ ■-- ■• ■ • -"'■--*■
Funeral Directors.
EMBALMING SCHOOL GRADUATE
JACKSON - - - - - - CAIa je2l
Mettallurgical Works
39 N American St., Stockton.
W. C. PHIPPS.
Gold and Silver assays, $1.00. Copper,
Lead aud Bullion assays, $1.00 each.
Laboratory tests of ores. Wiest pat-
ent process for rebellious ores.
Sampling shipments of oro at Selby.
Sample sacks on application.
Bullion and specimens bought.
j U/P WAtlt
1 WW Kj WV (All L
Responsible Agents
FOR OUR ENCYCLOPEDIAS, Dic-
tionaries. Histories and Standard
I Authors. All of our publications are in
1 complete sets, handsomely bound and
n 1 illustrated and are sold on easy instal-
ments or with liberal discounts for
i , cash.
For terms, prospectuses, etc.. write to
E. D. BHONSON tc CO.,
i 319 Phelan Building, San Francisco,
( 5-25-ly California
Kodol
Dyspepsia Cure
Digests what you eat*
This preparation contains all of the
digestants and digests all kinds of
food. It gives instant relief and never
fails to cure. It allows you to eat all
the food you want. The most sensitive
stomachs can take it. By its use many
thousands of dyspeptics have been
cured after everything else failed. It
prevents formation of gas on the stom-
ach, relieving all distress after eating.
Dieting unnecessary. Pleasant to take.
It can't help
but do you good
Prepared only by E.O. DeWitt & Co., Chicago
The $1. bottle contains 2H times the 50c. size.
Kerr's Pharmacy, Jackson.
Notice for Publication.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Land Office at Sacramento, Cai^
November 4th, 1001.
"VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
JJ> following-named settler has mod notice ot
his intention to make final proof in support of
his claim, and that said proof will be made be-
fore Richard Webb, U. S. Commissioner at
Jackson, Cal, on December 18th, 1901, viz:
Salvatore Mazzera of Volcano, Cal M who made
H. E No. «18 for the W« of SEW; and SEW of
S\VJ<, section S5, township 7 north, range 12
east, Mt. O. M.
He names the following witnesses to prove
his continuous residence upon and cultivation
of said land, viz: William Smith, John Isola,
Josie DeVencenzi and Aurelia Qiannini. all
of Volcano P. O. Cal. ■
THOMAS FRASER, Register.
J. F. Clute, Atty. v . .- ; novB-St
Igjf Union Stables
Under Webb Hall *
MAIN STREET - - JACKSON, CAL.
• M. NEWMAN, Prop.
The Stable equipped with first-class stock
and vehicles. Suitable 'rigs for Commercial
travelers with trunks.
Special Attention Paid *
* to Transient Stock.
Large, stable and yard for use of teamsters.
Telegrams answered free ol cost. 3-23-tf
im : v 5,000—^ • V
Will be earned the first jear by our graduates who
ii ■;!,.' obtained positions last year. Next year on account of
. a natural increase of salary they will earn $100,000
■"'._. — r— FULL COURSE $60. !
San Francisco Business College
, 1236 Market Street. 1
Ready-Our Holiday Goods
Mostly Chinaware— and such Chinaware.
Never before have we had such a variety nor anything
so fine. Much of it is genuine Haviland China. Among
others you will find
100 piece Dinner Sets— Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Berry and
Tete-tete Sets— Cakeplates— Chin a, Baskets— Sauce' Boats—
Boneplates— Celery, Spoon, Pin and Sardine Trays— Hand
Olives— Leaf Trays— Cameo Bisque Vases— Figures, Spills
and Bonbons— Brass after dinner Tea Kettles and Stands-
Nickel Chaflng Dishes, Tea and Coffee Pots— Bread and
Crumb Trays— Brushes, etc.— Decorated Steins, eto.
We'll have no room for this fine ware after Xmas, so have
marked it at the lowest possible figure to insure its sale. The
prices — plainly marked on the tags— will pleasantly surprise
you. Don't forget to see this Chinaware. It costs nothing
to examine it and you will be entirely welcome.
f^— .. -w-i r^n, U 0\ J mm t .^_m_ri n ,-.* , — - - - -
If' " — m "*« *— ~ i**i~«"" i «- i '~w— -*>~iLj-C^~Lr _j~rW»i5 l Vj-Tj~LJ i~L-n*\s*Zn!^l^ n^_n. r y : x7???L^^j^^ur-Tj~rri
This is to notify that we are fully prepared to take the
coutract of supplying you with "Just What You Want
For Xmas." Our beautiful holiday stock is full of
quality, variety, beauty and; good taste displayed in
scores of the nicest gifts imaginable for old and young.
With the best of everything this new holiday season
brings, we invite your patronage, because you can-
not afford to pass us by.
POPULAR .PRESENTS at POPULAR PRICES
(Are our inducements to one and all. Xmas buying at
our store results in the delight of the folks at home.
We put at your disposal appropriate gifts for every .
member, of the family. We insure you a saving of .time
and worry in selection and a merry money-saving
. Xmas. Come and let us show you Xmas gifts that are '
just what you want. Our holiday stock gives you ;
ideas, it is easy to select from, supplies exactly what !
you want, and does it at prices that will delight you.
E. G. FREEMAN COMPANY
Bookkeeping, Penmanship, Telegraphy,
Commercial Law, a Teacher's Course,
Preparation for Civil Service Examination
Or Entrance to any University, Thorough
Work in Seven Courses including over
Fifty Studies given at the old reliable
Stockton Business College
Besides these the rates are the most reasonable. The
Courses the most thorough, the recommenda-
tions the best, the Home most complete
and the advantages many.
WRITE FOR PARTICULARS TO
W. C. Ramsey, Principal, - - Stockton, Cal.
SUNSET
LIMITED
One of the most magnificent
trains ever built. For 1901-1902
tri-weekly via Coast Line and
Sunset Route for
NEW ORLEANS and
NEW YORK
Leave SAN FRANCISCO 4.50 p. m.
Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays
Leave LOS ANGELES 8:30 a. m.
Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays
Arrive NEW ORLEANS 7:20 p. mj
Thursdays, Saturdays, Mondays
Among the world's noted High-
ways of Travel not one equals
the route of this train.
Get the little book, "Wayside
Notes," from any agent of the
Southern Pacific
Initial trip of Sunset Limited
Friday, Dec. 6, from San Francisco
.G. GHIGLIERI & BRO.
COSMOPOLITAN LIQUOR STORE
JACKSON SATE, CAL.
Dealers, in Foreign and Domestic
Wines, Liquors and Cigars
Selected Stock ot Imported Goods. Choice
California Wines, popular brands. Eastern
and Domestic Beers, special bottling. Ha-
vana, Key West and New York Cigars. Bour-
bon, Rye, Sweet and Sour Mash Whiskies of
celebrated distilleries. jj C 2S
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this head, not exceed-
ing 5 lines, will be inserted at 60c per month, or
5 cents per line for less than one month, j
HORSE AND BUGGYTORSALE— itppIy
to Mrs. C. Botto, Sutter Creek. lm •
■OURNISHED ROOMS TO BENt.-Apply *t
X! Ledger office. V
TilOR SALE-LOT OF FOLDING CHAIRS,
_L 3 also settees, suitable for hall or church.
Settees 40c per foot; chairs 50 cents each. Ap-
ply this office.
FOR SALE— One Lightning Quartz Mill,
complete, water wheel, amalgamating
plate, rubber belts, and pnliey. Will crush
100 lbs. quartz per hour; as good as new, only
been in use three montls; has been operating
on Keystone tailings and quartz at Amador
City. Will sell for 1300. Apply to
E. KUCHENBECKER,
sep 37 Amador 'City. ..
TjlOR SALE OR EXCHANGE — San Fran-
JLJ Cisco real estate for a business In Amador I
County. Mercantile business preferred.- Call
or address Ledger office.
rpo PRINTERS.— A COMPLETE OUTFIT
JL for a Seven or Eight Column Paper, in-
cluding Washington Hand Press, body and dl»-
play type, rules leads, etc. Will be sold cheap
for cash. .
Also, one Mustang Mailer, and Mailing Out-
S00?S 00 ? as new - Address, Ledger office, Jack- .
BUILDING LOTS FRONTING ON STUMP
and Center streets; lots Sozl3o feet; lor
sale cheap. Apply Ledger office.
NOTICE
When ybuHalk about the
wonderful buys you have made
in the past, in clothing, do
not forget that everything you
have done in regard to buying
clothing, can be duplicated at
the present day in my Cloth-
ing and Tailoring Department
Store, at all the way from 5
per cent to 35 ; per cent less
than you have ever bought
before. To convince yourself,
call and examine my new fall
and winter suits, and you will
be convinced that I carry the
largest and best assortment iv *
Men's, Boys', . Youths', and
Children's clothing in already .
made, and made to
The Exclusive Tailoring and
Clothing Store.
MAX LADAR.
S«nd name md *dJr«ss lor Free Cople*^9
■ dour Mpigc Holiday Booklet, which M ';
gives » On ol Chrfstmis Gills for all nunUnJ,
wall prices and miny rilunritloni; and br oaf
li-fit Christinas Book Bulletin.
giving complete lisa ol the holiday puMfcaOoM
and our cm price*. . -r'_
The Big Store's Christmas Display*
begin Ibis rear Monday. November I Sib.
Santa. Claus arrives and begins hl» recep-
tions Monday. December 2nd.
m. 825 TO BBS MAttKET ST. 3. P. M
••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
• - ■.-;, v .;.;; ;, •
I Bests Tes t!
•^Westwocd Range! |=
: :
: COLE'S •
•Air Tight Heater!?
• •
• A , fine assortment of •
• different makes of Stoves, * .
• Ranges and Parlor stoves 3
• on the floor. Everything •
S for the kitchen. Also a *
• general line of hardware. •
•:: Don't have a leaky •
• roof. Repair it. ' • '
: ~~ :
| WELLER HARDWARE STORE |
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
Geo. McMiHaiU9_-
FoTOGRAPHER*
1 'Fine Carbon Fotos' ' all sizes. Groups
and Mining Views. Stamp Fotos
and Button Jewelry.
JACKSON - - - - - CAL.
jel4
RANCH FOR RENT
The well known L. G. Tubbs' Ranch
at Buena Vista will be leased on liberal
terms. Apply to Mrs. R. J. Adams,
Jackson, or J. .D. Nichols, Buena
Viata, novB2-lmNEWS OF THE PAST WEEK
Short News Items of Local
J: Interest..
Caught in a Gas Explosion— Death of
W. T. Mitchell- Holiday An
nouncements.
For tho best touiale= iv town go to
. Cain's. , *
Home-made bread, pics, "cakos, for
sale;: Mrs .Tennio Larson, Summit st.
"Turkey diuncr every Sunday- -at
Louvre restaurant.
Call at the White House for holiday
presents. •'-.
The regular meeting of the Jackson
Republican Club will be hold next Mon
day evening in Webb building.
Thomas Lemin has been laid up with
an attack of rheumatism for over a
week. ,He is improving.
Fees were collected by tho couuty
I clerk during the ::i..nth of November
amounting to $69.80.
Evening prayer and sermon at St.
Augustine's church Sunday next, 7:30
p.:m. •_-*■;■ "5i •'■
A special meeting of the Ladies'
Guild will meet at tho home of Mrs.
I Woodcock on Wednesday next. A
full attendance is expected .
Shaving and toilet cases, manicure
sets, cuff and collar boxes, etc., at
Freeman's. The quality and prices
can't be beat.
Elisha: Hampton, late 'of Chinese
Camp, arriyed Tuesday night on a visit
to his uncle, who is superintendent of
the Oneidu. *Ho will probably remain
in this county.
A family reunion took place at tho
residence of county recorder D. A. Pat
terson on Thauksgiving day. Four
teen members of tho family and rela
tives were present, and a very pleasant
time was spent.
Just received from. the east a large
invoice of rocking chairs, carpets,
metal bedsteads, folding beds, china
closets, chiffoniers, tables, couches,
parlor and bedroom suits at the White
House.
The Foresters of America held a
meeting Sunday afternoon, and con
cluded, on account of the uncertainty
of the weather, to abandon the idea of
giving a masquerade ball on the 11th
instant, as was at first announced.
The aluminum front is Freeman's
headquarters for holiday goods.
E. B. Denuison, who has been work
ing all summer' for the Standard Elec
tric Company at Tiger creek, left there
last week on the closing of tho camp
for tho winter. He has gone to Vallejo,
where he expects to secure employment
at the Navy Yard.
Lace curtains, portici-s,' tablo covers,
and rugs at greatly red need prices at
the White House.
During November eleven patients
were admitted to the . hospital, eight
patients were discharged and two died,
leaving fifty-seven patients on Decem
ber first.
Call and inspect Freeman's toys,
dolls, wheel goods, book*, etc., before
purchasing elsewhere.
St. Augustine'sLariiesGdiid had their
annual election of officers for the com
ing -year, being from advent 1901 to
advent 1902: President, Mrs. D. U.
Spagnoli; vice-presulent, Mrs. Clara
Lory; secretary, Mrs. E. C. Rust;
treasurer, Mrs. Eliza Harvey.
Ladies' jackets, fur capc-s, and
waists at greatly reduced prices at the
White House. |
Mrs.'; J. M. Levy, who had been
visiting her father, H. Goldner, for
several weeks, left Sunday morning for
her home in San Francisco, accom
panied by her brother Isidore, who
has been in slender health for some
time, and goes to the city in the hopo
of being benefitted by the change of
climate. .. .-, .. .. ... .
We are unable' to answer inquiries
touching the total vote cast for gover
nor in the recent elections in lowa,
Massachusetts, and Ohio. As soon as
possible the official vote will be pub
lished, also the prize winners. Until
then we know no more than our read
ers. It may bo several weeks yet before
the result is known.
Triplicate, double, single, and hand
mirrors of all kiads and prices at Kerr's
Pharmacy. - '
L. G. Norris, formerly of Plymouth,
but now an official |on the San Fran
cisco water front, came up to Amador
county Sunday, to visit relatives and
• friends in this section. He first went
to see his brother, J. C. Norris at
Buena Vista, who met with a fpainful
accident recently. Ho found him get
ting along, nicely toward recovery.
Tuesday he visited Jackson, and made
a call at the Ledger office. The same
day he went on to Plymouth to see the
folks in his old stamping grounds. He
has been hero but once- before in nine
years.
Toys and all kinds of fancy goods
that were bought especially for the
holidays, and that will please both the
. young and the old; just the things that
; will make the little ones happy at
; Christmas time are to be had at Cade
martori's. , \l^:
Mrs. F. G. Head mot with a painful
accident Wednesday afternoon. She
was in a cart with Mr. Head. In mak
ing the turn from Court street to the
Volcano road, the horse slipped on the
steep incline, capsizing the vehicle, and
throwing both occupants out. Mrs.
Head was bruised about the face and
body, but suffered more from the
shock than from anything- else. She
was conveyed to her homo close by.
and attended by Dr. Lonigo. Mr.
Head escaped unhurt.
Special this week, 50 dozen ladies'
white 'hemstitched handkerchiefs at
. 25 cents per dozen, at the White House.
C. A. Moore, a practicing attorney
of Portland, Oregon, was in Jackson
last Friday, and made the Ledger • of
fice a friendly call. Mr. Moore is seek
ing a new location on account of his
wife's health. The damp climate of
Oregon compels him to seek a more
salubrious locality, and be thinks the
conditions in the foothills of California
are just about right. He will visit
other counties, however, before decid
ing where he will locate. Mr. Moore
has had considerable experience as a
practitioner, and would be a valuable
. addition to the bar of Amador county.
A fine line of "elegantly dressod dolls
are on sale at Cademartori's. Make
the children happy by bringing them
to see the dollies .
W. T. Gilllck, of the Pine Grove
hotel, was caught in a gas explosion
Sunday evening, and was fortunate in
emerging from the ordeal without seri
ous injury. The hotel is lighted by
acetyloye gas. On the evening in ques
tion he thoughtlessly entered tho build
ing containing tho plant with a light,
tor the purpose of recharging the gen
erator. A lightning flash and explosion
followed the opening of the machine..
Gillick's eyebrows and hair were singed
and he was considerably scorched about
the face. Fortunately the burns, al
though very painful, were superficial,
aud the sight was unimpaired. Mr.
Gillick was able to keep right along
with his business, but be will .not at
tempt to throw light into the inner
workings of his gas plant after dark in
future.
hi. E. Church services Dec. 8. Morn
ing sulijixjt, "Potner;" evening sub
ject, "Thunder or angel voice, which?"
"W. T. Mitchell i died in th- county
boßpitri on the Ist inetnnt. He had
been in .lie hospital onlj ;» few ilays,
brought there from lone. He leaves a
son, George Mitchell, at .Volcano, and
a stepdaughter, Mrs. Steve Angove, of
Jackson.
The greatest cut this week in men's
oven-oats. All wool, black and , navy
blue kersey, worth $10 and $12, going
at $7.50 each at the White House.
We wish to call the attention of the
readers of tho Ledger to the advertise
ment of-W. E. Kent. Wo would
ud vise the Ledger readers to verify his
statements by calling at the store, and
looking his goods over.
Don't forget to call at Cademartori's
for fine cakes, pies, nuts, and candies
of all kinds for. Christmas and the holi
day eatings. .
At the store of W. E. Kent, near the
bridge, on Broadway, can be found
everything that is required for holi
day dinners; such as fine spices, and
all the delicacy that goes to make up
palatable dishes. By patronizing this
store you will be sure that you are
getting tbe purest and the best. .
Frank Voorhois. proprietor of the
New National hotel, went hunting last
Monday, and came home on Tuesday a
very sick man. He was suffering with
very severe pains in the abdomen and
severe vomiting. Dr. L.~E. Phillips
was sent for, and found on his arrival
at tbe bedside, a dangerously sick man.
He worked over Mr. Voorheis all
Tuesday night, and nearly all day
Wednesday, and has his patient on the
high road to recovery. -.:. - ,x*
Tabeaud Reservoir Completed.
The Tabeaud reservoir is practically
completed. About 250 horses, with
wagon?, steam shovels, scrapers, etc.,
belonging to the E. B. and A. L. Stone
Company, passed through Jackson on
Saturday, on their way to their home
in Alameda county. Some 40 horses
and 15 men are still left to finish up the
work at the 'reservoir. It will take
them from two to three weeks to put
the finishing touches on.- The tunnel
is still unfinished. How long it will
lake to complete this we are unable to
say. Until this is complete the water
from the reservoir cannot be utilized,
an the tunnol will constitute its only
outlet to the power works. Along the
upper stretches of the canal the work
is nearly completed. The flumes are
mostly in place, and j water has been
running through for a week or more to
swell up tbe cracks and make the boxes
water-tight. - A large number of men
have been laid off. It is probable,
however, that a great deal of work
will bo done each summer, for several
years to ' come, necessitating the ' em
ployment of a large force of workmen.
IONE.
The lone Cornet Band did not give
their grand ball on Thanksgiving, out
of respect to the bereaved j Geo. F.
Mack family, and will give their sixth
monthly reception Saturday evening.
Thi-se receptions are always enjoyable.
George and Will Mack came down
from Floriston to attend the funeral of
their brother Robert, and returned on
Saturday.
Will Sulberg, a former attache of
the Preston school, came up from the
city to attend the funeral, of Robert
Mack, rcturniug on Sunday.. -■ 1
L. C. Ladd, who has been ' visiting
friends in this city for the past month,
returned on Saturday to his home in
Stockton.
Mr. White, son of Mrs. C. G. Noble,
is visiting relatives in this city.
The Presbyterian folks gave an enter
tainment in tho pavilion Wednesday
evening, under the management of
Mesdames McCall aud Woller, and was
a decided success. '
Mrs. Fred Miller and children, Byron
and Lillian, are visiting relatives in
Esparto, Yolo county.
Tbe lone Cornet Band contemplates
giving a masquerade ball in the near
future. '■ •
Miss Lv Ursher of Sacramento, is
visiting with the Fred Miller family in
this city. : . : ' ! . :'."-■; Aquila.
Criminal Betnrns.
For the month of November the
criminal business in the justices' courts
is reported as follows:
H. Goldner, Justice Township One —
Charles Cornelius Tennessee Goforth,
disturbing peace, guilty, sentenced to
eight days; costs, $7.15.
Harry Lavensella, petit larceny,
warrant issued and defendant not
found; costs, $3. . \
Andrew Casto, battery, . fined $15;
costs, $7.15.
Frank Morgan, : misdemeanor, five
days; costs, $7.15.
Robert Wilson, misdemeanor, ' ten
days; costs, $7.15. • ■
Eugene McPberson, grand larceny,
held to answer before the superior
court; costs, $7.90.
A. W. Robinson, Justice Township
Three— Jerry Buckley, wandering
around at late and unusual hours at
night, and sleeping in outhouses with
out consent of owners, finod $12 or six
days; costs, $11.10. ; . .::.';;.
John Blower, Justice Township Five
— Wm. Rowe, battery, fined $20; costs,
$8.25. • .
Wm. Pearson, felony, hearing had
and defendant dismissed, . costs, $8.50.
Frank Littlefield, felony, held to ap
pear before superior court for trial;
cost?, $15. '
Criminal returns from justice court
of J. H. Giles are laid over until the
next meeting of the board. v.
Officers Elect-
Oro Fino Circle No. J6l, elected the
following officers for the coming termi.
J. P. C. C.,- Minnie Schroeder; C. C,
Mrs. Learn; Sub. C. C, Miss Ratto;
Treas., Mrs. Simcich; Secty., Mrs.
Calvin; R. G., Miss Northey; L. G.,
Miss Mounter; I. G., Mrs. Guerrard;
O. G.. Mrs. Turner; Trustee, Mrs.
Harvey. - . . ... .
A Woman's Awful Peril.
''There is only one chance to save
your life and that is through an opera
tion," were the startling words heard
by Mrs. I. B. Hunt of Lime Ridge,
Wjs., from her doctor after he had
vainly tried to cure her of a frightful
case of stomach trouble and yellow
jaundice. Gall stones had formed and
she constantly grew worse. Then she
began to use Electric Bitters, which
wholly cured her. It's a wonderful
Stomach, Liver and Kidney remedy.
Cures Dyspepsia, Loss of Appetite.
Try it. Only 50 cts. Guaranteed.
For sale by D.B. Spagnoli.
Stops the Cough and works off the Cold
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets
cure a cold in one day. j No Cure, no
Pay. Price 25 cents.
At the Barrett claim near Pine Grove,
the ledge has widened to about 10 feet,
and shows free gold. The promoters
are greatly pleased with the outlook.
■ Inspect Kerr's line of holiday goods.
They are up-to-date.
Ebony manicure sets, ebony dressing
sets, and military sets at City Phar
macy.
Stuffed olives, Caviar, Pate de Foie
Gras. Imp., Kipperd Herring, atCami
netU'a Central Market. _. / *
THE AMADOU LEDGER; JACKSON, CAI/TFOKJfIA, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 6, 1901.
Notable Wedding.
Wedding bells soun-led a still acclaim,
last evening for a quirt nuptial; cere
mony in the Simpson Memorial church.
The "contraoiing paitvs were Mr.
Frank Dyer of this city jnd Miss Lily
O. "^Reichling^of Jackson, Amador
county, , and' the marriage ceremony
was performed by Rev. John Stephens,
who, besides a very few. intimate
friends, was the only one to wish them
well in life's journey and their honey
moon trip to Southern California.
This wedding is of unusual interest,
as it Unites a promiucnt local newspa
per man and tbe founder of the order
of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West. Mrs. Dyer is v native of Jack
son, Amador county, a woman of great
personal charm and beauty and of rare
intellectual attainment." She is the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Reichling of
Jackson, Mr. Reichling being a promi
nent mining man, and formerly super
intendent of the Kennedy mine. She
was educated for a teacher and taught
for several years in Amador county,
Only resigning to become a teacher in
Alaska. There she devoted much time
to the study of the characteristics of
the natives, and in her reports made
recommendations that have since been
made the basis for plans of bettering
the people of the north. She also spent
considerable time in Europe and Sibe
ria. ' But it is as the founder of the
order of Native Daughters that the now
Mrs. Dyer is best known, and that her
high ideals of womanly position have
become fully realized.. Possessed of
indomitable energy, she overcame most
discouraging obstacles in her effort to
make the Native Daughter of Califor
nia the compeer of the Native Son.
Although the founder of the order, she
would never accept recognition of her
efforts by being elected its grand presi
dent. It has ever been her aim and
intent to firmly impart her own
ideals in the workings of the fraternity.
She is greatly loved by all Native
Daughters, especially those of the in
terior.
Mr. Dyer, the groom, came here from
lowa five years ago, and since that
time has beon connected with the edi
torial department of the "Chronicle."
He has a host of friends, to whom he
had not given the least intimation of
his approaching marriage. He is a
prominent member of the Press Club,
being one of its directors. ■•
Mr. and Mrs. Dyer will be away on
their wedding tour until the first of the
year, when they will return to make
their home in San Francisco. — S. F.
Post, Dec. 1.
Wedding Bells.
From San Jose Mercury, Nov 11.
Miss Alice E. Hannaford and Dr.
Thomas M. Topp were married last
Wednesday noon at the residence of
the bride's mother, Mrs. Susan Pierce
Hannaford, 17 Jones avenue. Never bad
wedding a prettier, setting than 'this,.
Each room of the pretty home was
canopied in the daintiest fashion with
lacy streamers of smilax, which de
pended from the ceiling to the walls.
In tbe parlor, where theceremory took
place, while flowers were very taste
fully mingled with the "green, and
handsome potted plants banked .the
mantle, and made a dainty nook of tbe
sunny window seat. 'ln the dining room
pink roses were used and yellow
chrysanthemums gave tono to the re
ception room, with its drapery of
smilax.
Rev. Dr. Dinsmore performed the
marriage service. Tho bride wore a
dainty gown of white chiffon organdie,
and carried a shower bouquet of bride
roses. Miss Margaret Munn was the
bridesmaid J and was becomingly
gowned in pink, Dr. Charles E. Ha
blutzol acted as groomsman.
After tho ceremony the guests en
joyed an_elaborate breakfast. Those
seated about the tables were: Dr. and
Mrs. Topp, Miss Munn, Dr. Hablutzel,
Dr. Dinsmore. Mrs. Hannaford, Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Wright of San Fran
cisco, Miss Emma Wright, Mr. and Mrs.
Theodore Wright, Mr; and Mrs. H. P.
Bostick, Mrs. Martin Weller, Miss
Fannie Weller, Dr. and Mrs. Van Dal
sem, Mr. and Mrs. Munn, Mr. and
Mrs. Walter Murry, Miss Webster,
Miss Edith Mclntyre, Miss Anna Ha
blutzel, Miss Vida Maston, Mrs. Eva
Munn, Mrs. Parton, Miss Parton, Mr.
and Mrs. Guy Campbell.
A reception followed from two o'clock
till four, and the friends of the bride
and groom showered congratulations
upon them. - .■■,' ; : -
Dr. and Mrs. Topp left Wednesday
afternoon for Del Monte, where they
will make a short stay. Later they
will take up their residence in Volcano,
Amador county, where Dr. Topp has
been located for several years.
Tbe gifts bestowed upon the young
couple were particularly handsome.
Mrs. Susan Pierce Hannaford leaves
the latter part of next week lor Vol
cano, Amador county, where she will
reside with her daughter, Mrs. Thomas
M. Topp. '
Food Changed To Poison.
Putrifying food in the intestines pro
duces effects like those of arsenic, but
Dr. King's New Life Pills expel the
poisons from clogged bowels, gently,
easily but surely, curing Constipation ,
Biliousness, Sick Headache, Fevers, all
Liver, Kidney and -Bowel troubles.
Only 25c at D. B. Spagnoli's.
Sutter Creek Incorporation,
Action on the petition for the incor
poration of Sutter Creek was deferred
so as to give tho people of that burg
an opportunity to study up the boun
dary lines, and ascertain if further
changes are desired. There were no
anti-incorporationists before the board,
still in the exercise of its discretion and
for the best interest of all concerned,
it was deemed wise to postpone action.
The boundaries of the proposed incor
poration have, been considerably re
duced -from "the original "proposition.
It was at first contemplated to take in
about 1000 acres. But owing to seri
ous objections the Central Eureka mine
and all the property on Sutter hill was
thrown out, reducing the area to about
700 acres. The supervisors have no
discretion -in the matter of calling an
election, so the law was interpreted
"when the Jackson case was before the
board. It is likely that a special elec
tion will be called in the latter part of
January to decide the issue in Sutter
Creek. V . -
Double Passenger Service to Continue.
We are pleased to be able to announce
that there is no truth in the reports
that have been circulated that the
double train passenger service is to be
discontinued on the Amador branch
railroad. Hon. E. C. Voorheis, on
hearing the report that the old-time
regime was to be revived, wrote to the
railroad company on the subject, and
promptly received a reply to the effect
that there never has -been any inten
tion of reducing the ' passenger service.
Both rnorning and afternoon exclusive
passenger trains will be continued right
along, the only freight to be attached
thereto will be of a perishable nature
that demands rapid transportation.
Mr Voorheis, when in Jackson last
Monday, showed a representative of the
Ledger a letter from the railroad auth
orities to this effect.
To Curs A Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tab
lets. All druggists refund the money
if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's sig
nature is on. 'each box. 25c.
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
Meet iif Kegular Session
, . . : Monday, Dec. 2nd.
The Incorporation of Sutter Creek.—
Warrants Cancelled, Bills
, Allowed, Etc.
The regular meeting of board of
supervisors was held December '1, when
proceedings were had as follows. All
members being present:
Minutes of last meeting read and ap
proved.
In the matter of -petition of L. P.
Haney and others, for new road.
Caminetti & Bole appeared for non
consenting land owner, U. F. Elledge.
Affidavit of publication of iiotico to uoo
consenting land owner is presented,
showing that legal notice has been
given. Report of viewers read. Ob
jections of U\ P. Elledge presented.
Moved and carried that the objections
to report of viewers bo sustained.
Moved and carried by unanimous vote
that the petition be denied.
Petition of E. C. Voorheis and others
for the incorporation of Sutter Creek
read. E. C. Voorheis, W. J. McGeo,
and W. E. Downs appeared before
board in behalf of petition. Moved and
carried unanimously that petition be
laid over until next regular meeting, to
be takon up at 3 p. m., January, G, 1902.
Matter of constructing a new bridge
across middle fork of Jackson creek, in
town of Jackson. Petition granted.
Clerk ordered to return all plans and
specifications for Sutter Creek -bridge.
Moved and carried that plans and
specifications presented by C. W.
Swain for Jackson bridge be adopted.
Clerk ordered to advertise for bids for
constructing said bridge according to
the plans and specifications, bids to be
received up to Monday, January 6, at
1 o'clock.
Tuesday, Dec. 3.— Bills allowed
against the various funds as follows:
CURRENT EXPENSE FUND.
Amador Dispatch, printing. .$ 37 60
F. B. Le Mom, mileage, 2 00
Sunset-Tel. &Tel. Co., sheriff's
office io 50
Sunset Tel. & Tel. Co., hall
records n 50
L. Galli, rebate on taxes 1 00
Jackson Gaslight Co., gas 2
months 6 10
A. B. McLaughlin, mileage... 300
Geo. A. Gordon, traveling ex-
penses 39 75
W. M. Amick, mileage , 340
R. I. Kerr, record books 77 00
Amador E. Ry. & L. Co., elec
tric lights in jail 3 00
Mrs. C. Langhorst, hardware. 26 15
W. Scoble. constable fees 39 00
John Blower, justice fees. 6 00
S. G. Spagnoli, postage stamps
• and expressage 25 50
Jas. Letsley, constable feos 8 50
L. Vogeli, repairing 2 clocks.. 450
A. W. Robertson, justice fees. 3 00
Jas. Lessley, constable fees 11 10
Chas. W. Palm Co., law books
for judge and dist. atty. ... 16 25
E. B. Moore, mileage 80
J. Marchant, rebate on road
poll taxes 1900 170
E. G. Freeman Co., record
books assessor, etc 138 10
E. Roberts, burial of indigent. 25 00
Celina Richtmyer, water 6 00
W. H. Willis, reporting justice
court '. is 60
Amador Co. Pub. Co., printing 22 75
H. E. Kay, transportation of '.'t-v
prisoners ■..!■...'.. "■■ 150
U.S. Gregory, board of prison
ers 137 75
H. E. Kay, constable fees 18 95
F. W. Parker, night watchman 10 00
H. Goldner, justice fees ' 15 00
Wm. Going, janitor, etc., 61 50
Geo. Luce, painting roofs court
house and hall records 20 00
HOSPITAL FUND.
Sunset Tel. & Tel. Co., tele
phone 4 15
J. H. Miller, conveying patient 400
John K. Kelley,: services 2 00
Mrs. C. Langhorst, hardware. 13 55
Jackson Gaslight Co., ga5. . ... 10 50
Amador E. R. &L. Co., lights 150
John Grambart, conveying
patient . . : - 4" 00
John Rose, conveying patient. 200
E. Ginocchio & Bro., supplies
for Morris 6 00
P. L. CassinelH, fish and vege
tables 1770
Thomas & Eudey, meats 77 22
W. Schroder, dfgging graves.. 14 00
John Muldoon, conveying pa
tient.. . 5 00
Celina Richtmyer, water 7 00
V. Particelli, conveying patient 400
Mrs. J. Turner, washing ; 600
A. C. Barrett, superintendent. 45 00
Dr. A, M. Gall, physician 60 00
Miss Annie Cassella, cook 25 00
E. Ginocchio & Bro, provisions 162 58
Mrs. A. C. Barrett, matron... 30 00
D. B. Spagnoli, insurance of
annex 56 00
W. Kerr, conveying patient. . . 3 00
ROAD FUND.
E. B. Moore, dist. 4 62 00
E. Ginocchio & Bro., powder
and fuse dist. 1 3 15
Mrs. Langhorst, shovels 10 40
A. B. McLaughlin, road work
dist. 3 105 00
F. B. Le Mom, road work dist.
5 319 50
M. Newman, road work dist. 1. 575 50
W. M. Amick, road work dist 2 357 00
W. D. Dufrene, viewing road
dist. 1 4 50
W. D. Dufrene, viewing road
dist. 2 4 50
Thos. Leary viewing road dist 1 450
Thos. Leary viewing road dist 2 450
W. E. Downs, surveying dist 1 35 50
W. E. Downs, surveying dist 2 35 50
OENERAL BRIDGE FUND.
F. B. Le Mom, bridge work. . , 5 90
M. Newman, bridge work. 13 50
E. Ginocchio & Bro., lumber.. 94 66
A. B. McLaughlin, bridge work 41 24
GENERAL ROAD FUND.
Henshaw, Buckley & Co., sup
plies for road scraper 40 50
SALARY FUND.
M. Newman, road commissioner 25 00
W. M. AmSck, road commis
sioner 25 00
A. B. McLaughlin, road com
missioner 25 00
E. B. Moore, road commission
er. 25 00
F. B. LeMoin, road commis
sioner 25 00
Moved and carried that the claim of
C. D. Brooke, for robate on taxes on
mortgages assessed to Lillie Gregg for
1895, also mortgage for 1896, amount
ing to $119.07 be rejected.
Upon request of district attorney the
claims of D. L. Gray for constable fees,
and L. C. Richardson for constable
fees, are laid over until next meeting.
Upon request of district attorney,
criminal returns of J. H. Giles are laid
over until next meeting.
Monthly report of county physician
approved.
Monthly report of county treasurer
approved.
Criminal returns of H. Goldner, A.
W. Robinson, and John Blower, ap
proved. •■ - ....
. Applications for liquor licenses were
acted upon as follows:
S. L. Corley, laid over; G. D. Calvin
at Jackson, granted; Wm. Southard,
at Volcano, granted; V. Arnerich, at
Amador City, laid over; J. B. Fenk
and Albert Clifton, at lone, granted;
Royal %m% mH °
»Vr m^xr 4 Powder
absolutely Pure
Makes the food more delicious and wholesome
BOVAt BAKIWO POWOCR CO.« HEW YORK.
W. C. Hall, at Live Oak, laid over for
one month.
Application of A. C. Brown for re
bate of $10 on certain property in Jack
son destroyed by fire, denied.
Warrants cancelled on various funds
as follows:
School fund.: $3251 05
Current expense fund 1006 00
Hospital fund . : 1201 56
Salary fund ". . . H62 48
Oneida school bond fund 302 53
Pine Grove school bond fund. . . 170 47
Teachers' institute and library 40 30
Total; ..$7134 99
Moved and carried that a warrant be
drawn in favor of Lincoln . Vandament
on hospital current expense fund for
$7SO, being the last payment on con
tract price of new hospital annex.
Clerk ordered to return the certified
check in his possession, deposited by
Lincoln Vandament.
Petition of W. H. Glenn et al, for
new road from Wiley's to Lessley 's in
road district 3, is read; bond accom
panying said petition approved.
Viewers appointed as follows: W. E.
Downs, county surveyor, W. Robin
son, and Andrew Howerton.
Petition of W. H. Glenn et al, for
new public road from peg marked 076
to Barton's in road district 3, read;
bond approved, and same viewers ap
pointed as in preceding case.
Adjourned.
This signature Is on every box of tha genuine
Laxative Bromo*Quinine Tabieti
'he remedy that cores a cold In one day
PLYMOUTH.
Plymouth, Dec. 4.— Last Thurs
day a drama entitled "Conrad, or The
Hand of a Friend," was given- here.
The proceeds will be for improvement
of the streets. ■ Although the weather
was very disagreeable, quite a crowd
attended. Following the drama, a
social dance was given by Grainger's
orchestra. Supper was served at tha
Harvey hotel by the Ladies' Aid
Society, for the benefit of Rev. Jaggers.
John Doman, who has been employed
as book-keeper at Santa Cruz, spent
three or four days -of last week with
relatives here, returning Sunday.
Sherman Coster went to San Fran
cisco Sunday.
The Plymouth band purchased a
building from B. Levaggi, and have
erected a band room on Popular street.
Mrs. Roberts left here Sunday to
visit her brother in the state of
Washington. She anticipates remain
ing there until spring.
Mrs. Wise is on the sick list. -
Mrs. Hughes and daughter, who
have been the guests of Mrs. Thorns
for a few weeks past, returned to their
home below, last week.
Mrs. John Doh man returned from
Jackson yesterday, where she went to
attend the wedding of her brother,
Ed Purcell. <:".-" Omego
The Best Prescription for Malaria
Chills and Fever is a bnttlo of Grove's
Tasteless Chill Tonic. It is simply iron
and quinine in a tasteless form. No
cure— no pay. Price 50c.
SHENANDOAH VALLEY.
Shenandoah Valley, Dec. 4.—
Miss Laura Cushman of Sacramento,
is visiting her grandparents, Mr. and
Mrs.« John A. Harrell.
Henry Votaw spent last week with
his father, C. H. Votaw, returning to
Oakland Sunday. . *. ._
Joseph Davis and the Misses Edith
and Laura Ball visited Mrs. J. Perry
man in Amador City last Sunday.
Edward Harrell spent a few days in
Sacramento early this week.
Mrs. Retta Brown and Clara Sallee
were visitors at the teachers' institute
one day last week.
Miss Mamie Tiorney divided the week
between attendance at the institute and
a visit to her parents near lone, re
turning to the valley Sunday evening.
The rain appears to have drowned
out the sun; little of his benignant face
have we seen for some time.
H. C. Horton has returned to his
former home in the valley, after several
years' residence near Florin.
You Know What You Are Taking
When you take Grove's Tasteless
Chill Tonic because the formula is
plainly printed on every bottle showing
that it is simply Iron and Quinine in a
tasteless form. No Cure, No Pay. 50c.
Medallions, all prices, from 25 cents
to $5.00, at Kerr's Pharmacy.
Kerr's Pharmany has on display a
very select and choice line of holiday
goods. Call and see them.
Don't drink Jesse Moore unless you
want the best.
There is nothing in the world more
delightful than a drink of good
whiskey— and Jesse Moore is good
whiskey.
Fresh consignment of pig's feet, Sal
ami, compressed ham, Swiss and Ameri
can cheese, bloaters and herring ,at
Camluetti's Central Market.
6LOBE HOTEL
E. ANDERSON : : Proprietor
First-Class in Every Respect
ESPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO COM-
merclal travelers. Sample rooms -con-
nected with the house. The very best of ser-
vice guaranteed to patrons.
. ■ j - - ........ ... -.
Good Meals. 25 Cents
Corner Main and Court Streets
JACKSON. CAL.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
jIOLIDITjipCEMEIHJ
• 23 to 33^ per cent Saving •
J • . ON ALL J
• Christmas Novelties, in Jewelry *
• Sterling Silver, and Cut Glass. •
• Dainty Sterling Silver Manicure Set— •
0 Assorted dosigns and patterns, but- #
• ton hoak. nail tile and knife, neatly •
• mounted on card, complete 45c •
• It will pay you well to give us a call •
J before purchasing your holiday pres- •
• enta. All engraving free. •
j M. MGRGEK •
• 1010 Seventh St., Sacramento. •
Saw Death Near.
f - -__ ■
"It often made my heart ache,"
writes L. C. Overstreet, of Elgin,
Term., 'Jto hear my wife cough until
it seemed her weak and sore lungs
would collapse. Good doctors said she
was so far gone with Consumption that
no medicine or earthly help could save
her, but a friend recommended Dr.
King's New Discovery, and persistent
use of this excellent medicine saved
her life." It's absolutely guaranteed
for Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma
and all Throat and Lung diseases. 50c
and $1.00 at D. B. Spagnoli's. Trial
bottles free. .
Perfumery, fancy articles, and pat
ent medicines at Kerr's Pharmacy. -■/
Give us daily some good bread. --. Pio
neer Flour makes the best. * « ***
Patent Medicines • , Tobaccos^
Just as you buy them here— so «a . ,af rut nrir«»c
do you buy everything we sell' JgW • W % ' PHCeS
Ayer's Hair Vigor, $1.00 bot. 7oc ' Js^JJBf>lvW»'wßM <^^ Seal of North Carolina, 1 lb
Bythlnia Water, 50c bot .....20c j' 01 " 1 "". ••• 55c
Scott's Emulsion, $1.00 bot. . .70c ' Grizzly, 1 lb can : . .48c
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, 50c " . ' ," ' _J^£ Red Bell, Ilb cant. :.; 44c4 4c
size ...,40c
*** Star Chewing Tobacco, plug. 45c
Before you spend a cent
DRUMS IRAtNSf^gSyjL^ V\A £ fit • * t
tor your Christmas purchas-
»^f'^» es,get the Redlick prices.
You will find that you will save at least, a third to
half of the cost. Of course if we bought our goods in*the~sanie way as other Jackson
stores we couldn't do this, but we don't. Our buyers who buy for the six big Red-
lick stores go direct to the mills and factories for their goods— small buyers never get
a hearing there—they are unknown to mill owners— you yourself know that you can
buy sixty pairs of blankets cheaper than you can one pair— so it is with the make of
goods-quantity brings down the prices-that's the reason our selling prices is frequently
lower than other merchants pay for the same goods. .
French Flannels 40c Japanese Silk Ladies' $5.00 Jackets
Y d 45c yd .25c :-m W: $330
Cost you 75c anywhere else-all new 20 inches wide; good heavy quality; -A lot we' have marked down to
pattern*- 27 inches wide -either all the popular shades; useful for close out; oxford grey cheviot,
plain or with fancy stripes. fancy work ; . ■ with co lored silk serge; box
n< 1■ rv vi 1 «. back; latest sleeves. "•
Black Dress Goods Un- $2 00 Und<>r«;Uirt«i
derpriced v 51.50 Fig- $ °L $i 25 Men's Wool Under-
ured Suitings yd $1. Tor * IZD , wear $1 2Seach
All , . .. ■ , , Quite an assortment to choose from; wedr^>6acn
All pure wool; absolutely fast colors; mQrce ,. ized silk Italian cloth . d Pure California wool; shirts or draw-
rich, glossy black; 48 inches wide, flounco; corded tucks; deep rufl , e; ers; hoavy ribbed; warmly fleeced;
$2 00 Seraes vrl Sil 75 all the new shades. / comes in natural grey or flesh color
Real English storm serge; 52 inches Keith's $3.00 Shoes Men's Velvet Slippers
w^ rough surface; storm proof; . A 7c AQ
75^ Fntjlish Cheviot Men who -wear Geo. E. Keith's Beautifully embroidered; get him, a
A ~/L Ol shoes know they give the utmost V pair, he will appreciate these when
yd 4-/ C satisfaction; they are in kid or calf n « rests his tired feet; really worth
42 inches wide; all wool; nice for skin ; welter solos; all tho latest 75 cents,
rainy day skirts; warm and durable style lasts. ; ! ■
material v ?> Children's School
75c Pebble Cheviot Women ' s fl ,P': c s s Shoes Shoes $1.00
yu ZDC "** Genuine Kangaroo Calf ; soft sturdy
42 inches wide; very heavy texture; Cost y°u * 2 -s<> anywhere else; genu- uppers;': full double soles; spring
rough surface; dust and storm me vici kid; new coin toes; exten- heels; laceor button; sizes 8J to 11,
A few hints from our toy section.
Saving you money always— that's the Redlick slogan—the rally up cry for cash
buyers. Don't pay high prices for your toys any more — it isn't necessary..
Undressed Dolls, 30 inches high, Doll Go-Carts; steel wheels; high Doll Trunk; nicely covered; looks
life size; long hair; only 48c handle; only ..-.: ...22c like leather; long tray;™s inch
"* trunk for .48c
Doll beds; white enameled; gold Boys Tool Chests; all complete; Blackboards? 36 inches high; illus-
trimmlngs; very pretty 19c hardwood box; hinged 1id..... 25c \ trated frame.. 25c
J$Z»- r <Bf6>. r «M6»., «g&Tg» n rtj&TS.. jSt^
JACKSON SHOE STORE
4 Webb Building, next to Bank. * :
"% : I ' i ! . __.
Our new line of Kingsbury hats are now on display in our window; just take a
peep at the new styles that we are displaying. [ Every hat sold by us is fully guar-
| anteed. Call and inspect, you will be sure to be satisfied.
| Ladies' Shoes Misses Shoes Men's Shoes
We have the agency for the We have just received a new For all standard shoes, such as
f Nolan shoes; good heavy sole, l i ne of patent enamels for our Hanan & Sons, Nelson, Douglas,
\ wide coin toe, patent or stock' Misses; size 11 J to 2; the latest Keith, Barton Bros., and a num-
tip, of the best quality of kid; styte and heavy soles; our price ber of others, you must go to
M our price per pair $3 00 per pair $2.00 the Jackson Shoe Store for
i - A nice box calf shoe; right up-to- them; the * are " the **» in the
% In Ladies' Calf Shoes we have a dat in h soles; our ice world; call and examine our new
J good heavy one that will stand " $2 00 llneS in all price and st^ es -
fej the hard wear; this shoe is a " " D ♦ C U
*4 bargain; our price $1.50 Barton Bros, shoes is a good tSOVS dIIOCS
A school shoe and a bargain at United "Workingman for boys are
fi We have a new lino of Ladies' this price; you should all con- always the best and cheapest;
J Winter Oxfords in the very suit the shoe store before buying our price per pair : $2 50
| latest shapes; call and see them; your shoes; our price . . $1.25 Same as above on ' ly Vn youths'
', our price $3.00 Misses calf shoe in button; coin sizes, 11 to 2; our price per
|We have just received a new line toe; a regular 81.75 shoe; we are pair....!. .......V. ..$2.00
j of kid sandles, and they are just closing this line out for.. .$1.25 Headquarters for the best of
f what you all want; French heels Child's patent enamel; right up- miners boots.
or military heels; our price per to-date, with heavy soles, and . Oil suits for this month at cut
pair $1.50 will not crack; per pair. ..$1.50 prices; our price per suit.. $1.60
Mining Notes.
TEST Rhn.^-Joo Gardella of the
Bjg Bar bridge, has been making a test
crushing of five ton of ore liom his
quartz mine, adjacent to the bridge.
The rock was run through the Light
House mill. ;. There are parties looking
at the mine with a view of purchasing,
if the test proves satisfactory. Wo
have not heard how the rock panned
out.
Upper Ranchekia.— A test run
was made several days, ago at the ce
ment gravel mine at Upper Rancheria
in the new roller quartz mill. The re
sult we have not learned. The com
pany, which is composed mainly of
New York capitalists, has spent a large
sum in fitting up the property for active
operations. The milling capacity is
equal to 150 tons per. day. There is
plenty of gravel in the bank, but
whether it carries enough gold to prove
remunerative remains to be decided.
Mining at Forest Home.— There
is considerable work in progress in the
way of preparations for gravel mining
on the Finch ranch near Forest Home.
The property has recently been leased
to a man named Miller and others,
from Edgar Ekels. Twenty men are
at work grading, and putting up ei<*ht
Huntington mills. The ground has
been worked over before, but it is be
lieved that it will pay to rework with
modern appliances. The company in
tends to operate the mills with oil as
fuel.
If you have lost your appetite, call at
Caminetti's Market and you can find it.
•ENGINEERS
OVERALLS
San Francisco, cau
Miscellaneous Notes.— The
Gwin mine paid its usual dividend of 5c
per share for last month, aggregating
$5000. A?.
Soused pig feet, salami, ancT choice
ham and bacon at Caminetti's Central
Market. * «
Pioneer Flour is the "Lily of the
Valley," the "Pearl of. Perfection." *
Kerr's display of atomizers and per
fumes is all right. They rann-o from
50 cents to $3.00.
Did it ever strike you that you can
buy Jesse Moore Whiskey for the same
price that is paid for just ordinary
whiskey?MISCELLANEOUS ADVERTISEMENTS.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••a
: E. GINOCCHIO & BROTHER j .
• Wholesale and Retail Dealers in *
General Merchandise •'•.-..
• Water Street, Foot of Broadway, Jackson •
5 "VV E TAKE PLEASURE IN INFORMING OUR PA- S
.-« TT trons and the public generally that we have on hand a i
» very choice selected stock of DRY GOODS of all kinds, GRO- Z
Z CERIES AND PROVISIONS, CLOTHING. BOOTS AND 5
• SHOES. We particularly direct the attention of the public 2
m to the fact that we keep on hand tho largest assortment of Z
.. s IRON AND STEEL to be found in Amador county. Also a i
I superior assortment of all kinds of HARDWARE, such as !
0 Carriage Bolts. Screws, Nuts, Nails, and, in fact, everything 2
m ' the market demands. We are sole agents for the celebrated !
Z HURCULES POWDER, of which which we shall constantly S
keep on hand a large supply. J
■
~ THE NEVJT~ |
NATIONAL HOTEL » - * » >
©J^^-> Foot of Main Street
_ JACKSON, CAL.
0 o o o o o FIRST-CLASS AGGOMMODATIOfIS FOR TRAVELERS fll REASONABLE PRICES
x k Sample Room for Commercial Travelers
~" Rooms Newly Furnished Throughout ' 1
I Table Supplied With the Best Id the Market ~^^"
\ tu %sr^s t i^'aisr Brands or T
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION-^
a Made From. SELECTED WHEAT
|r Blended According to Our Own Formula
*i Produclno Perfect Results and
A Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
Sweet to the Palate's Touch and
<? Snowy White
• PIOMEER FLOOR MILLS. SACRAIENIO- -•
A Careful Investigation j
. - . = f = ?
Will convince every one that J
THE -^ A wiorlrnr. !
A TMauOr I
' M. m. M. A 1 Vr*i \a4 V/ M. J
: is one of the CLEANEST, BRIGHTEST and PRO- *
! GRESSIVE Newspapers of the day. |
I IT IS THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF AMADOR COUNTY. ;|
! Local Social News, Agricultural and Political |
; Notes and Accurate Accounts of the Lat- j
est Movements at the Mines Along the !
1 Mother Lode. |
ADVERTISERS in find THE LEDGER read I
y in a great majority of the S
: HOMES, OFFICES, and BUSINESS HOUSES in j
this and adjoining counties. i
— s— z^— a— :|
JOB PRINTING S
| You need it in your business, but you want it done |
neatly and in an up-to-date style, and of course at a
moderate price. We can furnish you with anything you j
need in the printing line, but to jog your memory will j
mention Bill Heads, Statements, Receipts, Envelopes, !
Note Heads, Calling and Wedding Cards, Posters, etc. ;|
I Orders by mail will be promptly attended to; ':|
I Amador County Publishing Co., i
P. O. Box 234. Jackson, Cal. \
Telephone, Main 423. f
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Imported and Domestic
Wines*Liquors*Cigars
JACKSON, CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
XJ tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon, White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros.,
Puerto de Santu Maria Sherries; Royal Wine
Company7opofto7FOrT-WJncsT-r>ubOT Prorosr i
Bordeaux, Clarets and Saut erues ; CANADIAN !
CLTJB WHISKY, Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim- ',
ited. Walkerville, Ontario, Canada; John de <
Kuyper & Zoon, Rotterdam, Gin; Gilka Kuem-
mel, from J A. Gllka, Berlin; Barthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester, N. V., Knicker- i
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness'
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros., !
London); Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ale; Naglee Brandy; Reimported American i
Whiskies.
©vim DR. JORDAN'S c*e»t
fAMuseum of Anatomy
[ *^|WlO5lW 1051 KABZII ST- tot- Ctli 7th, S. I\ Cat
1 f*^M» T1 ° '*"£•" ° r "■ Vlai in *"' Woria.
ltnSM 9 are continually adiling new ipeclmtni.
l\V < * v lf Come and loam ln.w nonderlully you are made
f\B I »nl how to iToid lickness and diseut. If jou
» ■ loffer fnm aa? of tbc Ills or men, come to the
A goldest Specialist oq the Faciflc Coast,
»R. JOBDAI-PRITATE DISEASES
Oomultauonfret aud itrlctlr private. Treatment Mraoo- 1
ally or by letter. MTPHILIN thoroughly eradicated ]
hn the iratem without using Mercury. ,
EVERY M»» appljlne to us wiU tecdT» otir
Roncrt opinion of hii complaint.
r« iritt Cuorantee a POSITIVE CURB in axtyatu
teßUndertake, or forfeit Oh Tkouuad I>all«r«.
Wrlta for Book— Pbllonophy ornarrlace.
miLßoFmia. <Avalnablebo«krori».o.)
DB. JOBDAK * CO., 1051 Market BUS. F.
A^H. KUHLMAN
Contractor and Builder
Will do work in any part of
Amador County. If you want
to build, send a note to Jackson
Postofflce and I will call on you.
Estimates furnished without cost
on any kind of building 1 . Will
make plans and specifications for i
you. mar2tf >
HI OF UUDN eOiY
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : : : $30,000
President. Alfonse Ginocchio
Vice-President s. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudey
board or directors:
Alfonse Ginocchio, S. G. Spagnoli,|John Strohm,
Frederick Eudey and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT.— Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from tho Bask of Amador County at the
small expense of 33 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from fire
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuabi3s.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home institu-
tion. Send money away through tho Bank of
Amador County; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postomco or express. Money sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County.
They receive deposits, from $5 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die it can't be found and you are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive.
I. L. GODFREY
BUILDER, JOINER AND WORKER IN WOODS
Water Street, Jackson
IS PREPARED TO DO ALL KINDS OF
plain or ornamental work. Bookcases
Wardrobes, Commodes, etc, turned out in the
most skillful manner. » Window Screens and
Blinds made in short order. Orders from the
country attended to promptly.
PLYMOUTH-JACKSON
DAILY STAGE LINE
Leaves Plymouth 6:30 a. m.
Leaves Jackson 2:30 p. m.
JOHN STEINER. - Proprietor
ANTONE RATTO
Carpenter and Contractor
ESTIMATES GIVEN ON ALL KINDS OF
t^H^ 0 ?- Jobbing and repairing work at-
ihon^i w i lromptly - Address at Fregulla's
shOD. Broadway Jackson.
THE AMADOU EEDEKEIt. JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FBIDAY.SDECEMBEB 6, 1901.
ASTHMA CURE FREE!
Asthmalene Brings. Instant Relief and Permanent
Cure in All Cases,
SENT ABSOLUTELY FREE ON RECEIPT OF POSTAL.
WBITE YOUB NAME AND ADDRESS PLAINLY.
I ■ ■ There is nothing- liko Asthmalono. It
£U Al Mtll brings instant relief, even in tho worst
I ** l "■■• cases. It cures whon all else fails
tff% » Tt M The Kov - v - F- Wells, of Villa Uioge,
TVII I &r« . 111., says: "Your trial bottlo of Asth-
YEARS malouo received in jjood condition. 1
■&*%■! «9 cannot tell you how thankful I fool for
tt> *\-»^ tho good derived from it. I was a slave,
•VS?" I\ils \^***s@WJ&v chained with putrid sore throat and
TlL>~ IT X Asthma for ten years. I despaired of
/PvV«S 7 X^^^P over being cured. 1 saw your advo>*-
/f*^2ls I • x liii# tisetnont for tho cure of this druadfeu
U 1/YtA jI I V y^\^Mi alui tol '" lont 'i n J. r disease, Asthma, and
»fea KM \ X \\W thought; you had ovorspokeu yourselves
Bf X I \ but resolved to yivo it a tiial. To my
"Mm P **S>P%^. r I \ astonishment, tbo trial aetod liko a
' Wji'^'@Jsmm\ II \ unarm. Send mo a full-sized bottle.
f^^y^K\ti>/ J Sev. Dr. Morris Wechsler,
\4sr J' _^^j Rabbi of tho Cong. Bnai Israel.
V / «lK\ff l\ 1 New York, Jan. 3, 1901.
»dtt™\fl([lflVTi' I Drs. Taft Bros. Medicine Co.,
WwXr'K yViWJII / Gontlemen: Your Asthmalene is an
™W/y/M*<^ \^y^\WM\\ I excellent remedy for Asttfma and Hay
'-^^^ jX -^V^l 1 Fever, and its composition alloviates
. ; • i. all troubles which combine with Asth-
* ' EV£RY^^^g^*»^BlN6B ma. tts success is astonishing and
—~J^rJ**gr wonderful. After having it carefully
RELIEF/ analyzed, wo can state that Asthmal-
' • cno contains no opium, morphine chlo-
roform or etbor. Very truly yours, REV. DR. MORRIS VVECHSLEU.
Dr. Taft Bros. Medicine Co. Avon Springs, N. V., Feb. 1, 100 i;
Gentlemen: I write this testimonial from a sense of duty, having-- tested tho
wonderful effect of your Asthmalone, for the cure of Asthma. "My wife has
been afflicted with spasmodic asthma for tho past 12 years. Having exhausted
my own skill as well as many others, I chanced to sco your sign upon your-
windows on 130 th street, New York, I at ouco obtained a bottlo of Astumaleno.
My wife commenctd taking it about tho lirst of November. I very soon noticed
a radical improvement. After using ono bottlo her Asthma has disappeared
and she is entirely free from all symptoms. I feel that I can consistently rec-
ommend the medicine to all who aro aftlictod with this distressing disease.
Yours respectfully, O. D. PHELPS, M. D.
Dr. Taft Bros. Medicine Co. Feb. 5, 1901.
Gentlemen: I was troubled.with Asthma for 22 years. I have tried jiumor-
ous remedies, but they have all failed. I ran across your advertisomont and
started with a trial bottle. I found relief at once. I have since purchased your
full-size bottle, and lam ever grateful. I have a family of four «hildren, and
for six years was unable to work. lam now in the best of health and am doing
business every day. This testimony you can make such use of as you see fit.
Home address, 235 Rivington street. . S. RAPHAEL,
67 East 12!) th st., City.
TBIAL BOTTLE SENT ABSOLUTELY FBEE ON BECEIPT OF POSTAL.
Do not delay. Write at once, addressing DR. TAFT BROS.' MEDICINE
CO., 79 East 130 th St., N. Y. City. • aug!)-6m
ARE f>4M fili ANY
YOU ip^ft HEAD
deaf? iMmm^ noises?
ALL. CASES OF
DEAFNESS OH jfiARD; HEARING
ARE MOW CURABLE
by our new invention. Only those bora deaf are incurable.
HEAD NOISES GEASE MEDIATELY.
F. A. WEKfs] «J,;CF SALT! MORE, SAYS:
Baltimore, Md., March 30, 1001. " .
Gentlemen : — Hein^r entirely curcl of uiiifi-.c--. thanks to your treatment, I will now give you
h full history of my case, to be used at your discretion.
About five years ago my right ear began to :■;;:", mid this kept on getting worse, until I lost
iryheariugm this car entirely.
I underwent a treatment for catarrh, for Uirt-e months, without any success, consulted a num-
h-rof physicians, among others. lheiuo»t eminent rar specialist of this city, who told me that
o:ily nti^operation could help inc. aud even that only u-mjiorarily, that the head noises would
Lien c-.-ase. but the hearing in the afiVcu-d c:ir \vo:»M he lost forever.
I then saw your advertisement acciiicjl ally is: - New Yoik paper, and ordered your treat-
ment. After I had used it only a few days according to your directions, the noises ceased, and
10-dny. after five weeks, my heariim ill liiL- diseased ear lias been entirely restored. I thank you
heartily and beg to remain Very truly your*.
F. A. WURMAN, 7305. Broadway, Baltimore, Md.
Our treatment does not inter/ere with your usual occupation.
jgaSgfeJS YOU CAN CURE YOURSELF AT HOME ata c n o°J?. inal
INTERNATIONAL AURAL CLINIC, 596 LA SALLE AYE., CHICAGO, ILL.
_ _ _ _ -.....-_ ._.._ ._ „. __..._.._.._..._ ._ _..._. „. „. .„
You can supply
your wants in Dry Goods
and Groceries at
A. A_A A A A A A A_ A A A A A A A_A__A_A_A_ A A A A
L J. GLAVINOVICH'S
MAKE LI A BLOCK,
COURT AND MAIN STREETS, JACKSON.
Full line of Hardware,
Boots & Shoes, Paints & Oils, Crockery,
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
AGENTS FOR BUTTERICK PATTERNS.
AAA A * A A_A_A_^_A I^l .A A A .^... . .
iillil(g3^^4|lllllilis^'>>>^^lillliijfea>>V?'t^ill[iiLE3¥:^^^
L. OETIINQER S. N. KSIGUT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutler Creek, Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, aud
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
and complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
iron, gas pipe, cas littings, etc., which we will
sell at the LOWEST CASH PRICES.
! anything yon invent or improve ; also get f
CAVEAT.TRAOE-MARK, COPYRIGHT or DESIGN i
111 1 PROTECTION. Send model, sketch, or photo, i
i for free examination and advice. ■ <>
j ; BOOK ON PATENTS SEi&tf&SJ
i : X 'S*C.A.SNOW& CO. \
■ Patent Lawyers. WASHINGTON, D.C. i
h>2 Organized ISTB Im-orpcratod I3SJ M
[ij drs. k 4. k yy
f!% Reoog-nized East and West na tho I 7!I 7 !
f'Jloadlng specialism of Amori<-a. Over 411 Ld
fWycar.s experience. Pacific Coast Head-W
|i*lu:irtiTS, San Francisco. Cal. Young Mania)
ffwiavu you sinnorl attains! Nature whon B9
f-jyinnorant of ton torriblo crimo you woroßa
IKjKommitling* Whon too Into to avoid tho EM
I '(horrible results, wore vonr eyes opened P3
UJto your peril 1 Did you later in manhood lal
inKontraet any Private or Blood Discas«?i7l
IJ wore you curedf Do you now and then [aT
JfilousorvosomoalarmiDfrsyinptotns' Darsßß ■
I^Jyou marry in your present condition!!^
yjY.ou Inow "Like Father, like Son." If mar-ll]
jgßriod. aro you constantly llvlur indrciidrßM
BaHave yon boon tirußgnd with mercury orEl
miodlde of Potash, or been blistered with Wd
liJElectric Belts' Our booklet "Twcnt-lAJ
PJionth Century Facts for Oen tle^ipn" wiS rlj
t.jpoint out to you the results of these I»J
fcJlcrimea against Nature and inform you mM
{[fto how our New Method Trealment will 111
UJpositively enro you and restore to you LM
mthe Virile Powers of Superl) Manhood EM
Rwand also proves how we can Cuorante.ljl
I'Jli Cure any curable case or uo pay. Con- 1 T#
UJsultation in person or hy letter Frae. Lud
Kvßookt free. If unablo to call at Sanita-pjf
fjiruii, Write fora Ouestion Blana for Hama I»-l
KlTrcstment. All letters answered in a RSI
ITaplain. scaled envelope. Every form of y*
UJCinlidantieldiieasesofmeninvolvincthoLAl'
EaOenlto-Urinary or Norvous .SyfitemsßS
K|trc-.itocl ood cured by our " NEVV MET- I£3
PgHOD." Correspondence Invited. Write (T3
lalto-dar. Mention this paper When in S. LU
Nf' callatsanttarium and ueo the flnust ra
l|Ainstltution of the kind io America, orlj
WdRsT KERGAN & KERGAnR
LU COR. MARKET & MASON STB W
Et S*n FwAWcisco. Cal. * tM
DANGEROUS FISHES.
THEY ARE NOT ALL CONFINED TO
THE SEAS THAT ARE SALTY.
The Alligator Gar Is One Freah Wa
ter Species That la Feared In the
South— A Mysterious Monster That
Inhabits a Michigan Lake.
So far as any danger from the game
Is concerned, fresh- water fishing has
always been looked upon as about as
safe as any sport In the world, and the
fresh water fish has gouc on record as
harmless and nonresistant. But there
are instances now and then when the
fish turns the tables. The Inhabitants
of Osceola county, Mich., who live in
the neighborhood of Lake George, an
inland water about three miles long,
are almost supers tltlously afraid, of a
certain fish that inhabits that lake. No
one knows what sort of fish it Is, and
opinion locally is divided as to whether
it is :•. giant muskellunge or a stur
: geonl
Spearing parties had now and then
reported seeing a v.cry large fish with
out being able to strike it, but no one
gave credence to the tales until one
night several years ago, when a party
of sportsmen from Chicago went on the
lake spearing in charge of an old resi
dent named Armstrong.
Armstrong was the only one that re
turned to tell the story. He said the
party was spearing in shallow water
when they saw an enormous fish that
resembled an overgrown pickerel. Two
of the Chicago men were standing In
.the bow, and at first supposed the fish
to be a log. Then one saw his mistake
and struck with all his might The fish
gave a dart that made the boat jump
as though a steam engine were pulling
it. If the maa had let go of the spear,,
all would '...l/' Iven well, but he hung
on, and the fish gave a mighty flop to
right angles with the boat The man
still held to the spear, with the result
that the boat capsized, and the men
found themselves standing In mud and
water up to their waists.
The light went out when the boat up
set, and, the night being dark and
cloudy, not one of the party had, any
idea of the direction to be pursued hi
reaching shore. The shallow water oc
cupies a large part of the lake, and
they could wander In any direction
without being able to tell whether or
not they were nearlng shore. Arm
strong said afterward that nothing
could equal the awfulness of the expe
rience that followed. They made their
way In one direction after another and
wandered round and round, going half
way to their knees In mud at every
step.
To make matters worse a cold,
steady, drizzling rain . began .to fall.
They were soon numb to the marrow.
Then one of the sportsmen dropped
without a word, and no one went to his
holp. Little by little the three that re
mained were separated. Armstrong
says he himself became unconscious
after a time and remembers noth
ing that happened until he was roused
by feeling solid ground beneath his
feet and finding that the water was
more shallow than It bad been. He
kept on and fell upon the shore. Then
on hands and knees he crawled to
camp and gave the alarm. Search was
at once made for his companions, and
their bodies were recovered. Since that
time the big fish with a scar on his
back has twice or thrice been seen by
spearing parties, but they have passed
it by.
There is one species of fish In the
south that Is feared only little less
than its salt water contemporary the
shark. This is the alligator gar. It
grows to enormous size and has a bill
hard and bony and much broader than
the bill of the common gar of northern
waters. One who goes out upon the
lakes of Louisiana and Arkansas will
see them jumping and splashing like
enormous trout. Their usual food con
sists of fish, and they not only make
endless trouble for those who go fish
ing with minnows, ' but have been
known to round up and tear to pieces
bass which the sportsman has hooked.
Bathing In the lakes is considered dan
gerous.
A negro was sitting In the stern of a
boat on a lake near Helena, Ark., let
ting his feet hang over the stern, when,
a gar grabbed him by one leg. The
man hung to the boat until rescued,
but his leg was horribly gashed. ! The
fish have been known to attack In like
manner negroes who went swimming
In the Mississippi below New Orleans.
One spring the writer was visiting a
rice plantation on the "lower coast" of •
the Mississippi when an old negress
came wailing to the house and said her
five-year-old boy was dead. He had
been playing at the edge of, a bayou
and was lying on the bank extending
his arms into the water when a gar
came with a rush and, grabbing the
youngster by the arm, pulled him Into
the water. A young negro with a shot
gun was standing near watching for
rlcebirds. He ran to the bank. The
fish found it had undertaken a bigger
task than it could well manage, and a
wild struggle was in progress between
the gar and the dying child. The negro
shot the fish, but the child died before
it could be taken from the water.— New
York Times.
The Right of Defense.
I In the course of a trial an English'
judge la reported to have said: "The
laws of God and man both give the
pai'ty an opportunity . to make his de
fense, if he has any. I remember to
have heard it observed by a very learn
ed man upon such an occasion that
even^Gpd^hiinself <U<l not^gass sen
tence" upon 'Adam Detpie lie'was called
upon to make his defense. 'Adam,'
b&js God, 'where art tliou? Hast thou
eaten of the tree whereof I command
ed tbee that thou shouldest not' eat?'
And the same question was put to Eve
also."
Of Benefit to Yon.
D. S. Mitchell, Pulford, Md.: "Dur
ing a long illness I was troubled with
bed sores, was advised to try Do Witt's
Witch Hazel Salve and did so with
wondoi-ful results. I was perfectly
cured. It is the best salve on the mar
ket." Sure cure for piles, sores, burns.
Beware of counterfeits. Korr's Phar
macy, Jackson.
/^gi|||kKeep Out
IftllAtheWet
OUTCLOTHING
The best waterproof narm«mt la tha
world. Mads from tho boat material* and
warranted waterproof. Mads to stand
tbo roughest work and weather.
Look for the trade mark. If jonrdealer
doea not hare them, writs for catalogue to
I. T. felting and Packing Co., lets.. Ban Fnnclico.
or 11. M. SAW YER A SON, Bole Mfra.
East Cambridge. Mm
pOMAFi'S RELSSFJ
H A really healthy woman has lit- I
■ tic pain or discomfort at the I
■ menstrual ■ period. No woman N
needs to have any. Wine of
Cardui will quickly relieve those
smarting menstrual pains and
the dragging head, back and
side aches caused by falling of
the womb and irregular menses
WINE"CARDUI
has brought permanent relief to
1,000,000 women who suffered
every month. It makes the men-
strual organs strong and healthy.
It is the provision made "by Na-
ture to give women relief from
the terrible aches and pains which
blight so many homes.
Gkbsxwood, La., Oct. M, 1000.
I have been very sick for some time.
I waa taken with a severe pain in my
J tried a bottle of -Wine of Cardni. Be-
fore I had taken all of it 1 was relieved.
wonderfuf^edrclnr 7 yy ° U haV ° &
Mrs. M. A. Youkt.
ForadVlcea>ndnteramre,addresB.KlTlnzBvmn- ■
Chattanooga Medicine Co., Chattanooga, Tena! I
PARTRIDGE EGGS.
Bald to Be More Nutrition* Than tho
liirrtx Thenuelvea.
' "Few persons are aware of the fact,"
said a' well known physician, "but it Is
true, nevertheless, that the egg of the
partridge Is one of the most nutritious
things in the world. They are not used
for eating purposes except in very rare
cases, and then It generally happens In
remote rural districts. I have known
negro families in the state of Louisiana
during the laying season to live on the
eggs of partridges. And they would
flourish handsomely and grow'fat on
account of the rich properties of the
eggs.
"These eggs, of course, never find
their way Into the market because they
are never taken from their nest except
by such persons as I have mentioned,
End they rob the nests, I suppose, be
cause their principal food supply comes
from this source. Quail meat comes
pretty high In the market at all times,
and the average man will find It more
profitable to spare the eggs srad wait
for the birds when the hunting season
rolls around. These men would pass
100 nests in one day without disturbing
an egg. The sport of hunting the birds
Is an additional incentive.
"The average negro does not care so
much about this aspect of the case. He
figures that the white man, having the
best gun and the best dog, will beat
him to the bird. So he goes after the
egg. One partridge will lay anywhere
from 12 to 20 eggs, and a nest is a good
find. I know of many families In rural
sections who feast on these eggs in the
laying season. I have tried the egg
myself as an experiment. I found It
peculiarly rich. It has a good flavor, is
very palatable and in fact is altogether
a very fine thing to eat Really I be
lieve that the egg has more nutrition
In it than the fully developed bird, but
of course, as one of the men fond of
the game In the field, I would like to
discourage the robbery of the nests."—
New Orleans Times-Democrat
ANIMAL LIFE.
The army worm is essentially a
grass eating insect, though it often
feeds upon other plants, and Is said to
prefer oats to corn.
The malaptecurus, a fish only eight
Inches long, can develop a shock of 200
volts of electricity in the two-thou-'
sandth part of a second.
Several pairs of pigeons which a sci
entist has observed In Paris have rais
ed their young in nests made entirely
of hairpins collected on the paths of
the Luxembourg.
The largest nest in the world Is built
by the mound bird, a sort of Austra
lian fowl. .It makes mounds some
times 150 feet in circumference, In
which it buries its eggs five feet deep.
The heaviest bird that flies Is the
great bustard. In size It exceeds the
Norwegian blackcock. The old males
weigh about 35 pounds, but when 'food
Is plentiful the young males may
weigh 40 pounds. Great bustards were
formerly as plentiful In western
Europe as partridges. Now they are
rarely found.
When Fveacjunen Were tieriupna.
The name of France la derive 4 jtrom
the Prancl, or Franks, a people of Ger
many who seized that part of the,
country nearest the Rhine and settled
there. Later on they subdued
and made that the royal seat of their
Increasing empire. ■■
The origin of other geographical
names is Interesting and will serve to
enlighten us when we rea.d of, for in
stance, Illbernla for Ireland. Hltfcrnla
Is said to be derived from a Phoeni
cian word meaning "farthest habita
tion," there being n5 country "known to
them west of Erin.
Portugal obtained its name from Por
to, the haven or port whgre the Gauls
landed their stores'. This KST)porto,
called by the Portuguese O Porto (the
port). The town was given as a dowry
to Teresa when she married Henry de
Lorraine, who styled himself Earl of
Portugal because the place was known
as the portus Gallorum (the port of the
Gauls). The name was finally extend
ed to the whole country.
Russia took its denomination from
the Rossi, or Russl, a people of the
south of Russia, who possessed them
selves of the country In the declining
days of the Greek empire. Being the
predominant inhabitants, they Imposed
their name on all the rest.
Church Hotice.
St. Augustine's Mission, room situat
ed on Court street. Sorvices as follows:
Every Ist and 3d Sunday, services at
11 a. m. Every 2d and 4th Sunday,
services at 7:30 p. m. Sunday school
every Sunday at 3p. m. The Young
Peoples' Society of Spiritual Growth
will inoet overy Sunday, at 6:30 p. m
tf William Tuson, Rector.
Frozen oysters at all times,* and fresh
fish every Thursday at Caminetti's
Central Market. . *
MEMORY'S. PRANKS.
Why Do We Remember Certain
Thing;* and Forget Others T
The vagaries of memory are some of
the most interesting of those connected
with the human mind and body. Why
do we forget certain things and re
member others? Myriads of these ir
regularities are as yet unaccounted
for. Perhaps not even the cleverest
metaphysician will ever account for
them.
Professor James reminds us how
something which we have tried in vain
to recall will afterward, when we have
given up the attempt, "saunter Into
the mind," as Emerson says, as inno
cently as if it had never been sum
moned. .
Again, bygone experiences will revive
after years of oblivion, often as the
result of some cerebral disease or acci
dent.
Such a case is the one quoted by
Coleridge of a young woman in Ger
many who could neither read nor write,
but who was said to be possessed of a
devil because, in a fever, she was heard
raving in Latin, Greek and in an ob
scure rabbinical dialect of Hebrew.
Whole pages of her talk were written
down and were found to consist of
sentences intelligible In themselves, but
not .having the slightest connection
with one another. To say that she was
possessed of a devil was the easiest
way of accounting for the matter.
At last the mystery was cleared up
by a physician, who traced back the
girl's history until he learned that at
the age of nine she was taken to live
at the house of an old pastor, a great
Hebrew scholar, and that she remain
ed there until the pastor's death. It
had been for years the old man's cus
tom to walk up and down a passage
near the kitchen and read to himself
In a loud voice.
His books were examined, and among
them many of the passages taken down
at the young woman's bedside were
Identified. The theory of demoniacal
possession . was abandoned. — Youth's
Companion.
HOUSEHOLD HINTS.
Mix stove blacking with a little am
monia to prevent It burning off.
A teakettle should never be allowed
to stand on the side of the fire with a
small quantity of water in it
A rose potpourri is made by packing
fresh rose petals In salt, a layer of the
petals, then a layer of salt, and keep-
Ing them covered for six months.
A convenient substitute for a cork
screw when the latter is not at hand
may be found hi the use of a commop
screw with an attached string to pull
the cork.
For ink stains on furniture add six
drops of niter to a teaspoonful of water
and apply It to the stain with a feath
er. If the stain does not yield to the
first application, make It stronger and
repeat the process.
Stains on silverware require prompt
attention, otherwise it will take a long
time to remove them. Sulphuric acid
will remove the stain left by medicine.
Dip the spoon hi the acid, repeating
the process until the stain has disap
peared; then wash in very hot water.
Dilating Tea.
Few housekeepers remember, as they
should, that when it is necessary to
dilute strong tea It should be done with
water at the boiling point • The "poor
flavor of tea, made strong at first and
then reduced, such as Is too often serv
ed at receptions and "at homes," Is
usually caused by the addition of hot,
not boiling, water to the first Infusion.
A lesson In this matter may be had
from the Russians, who serve the moet
delicious tea In the world, and who pre
pare It first very strong, making It al
most an essence of tea. This Is diluted
to the strength' wished, with water
kept boiling In ' the samovar. This
water Is not allowed' to boll and reboll,
but Is renewed as needed. Freshly
boiled water is . Insisted upon by all
connoisseurs In teamaking.
Celling* and Ventilation.
Rooms with low ceilings or with ceil
ings even with the window tops are
susceptible of more perfect ventilation
than those .with high ceilings. In such
rooms the leakage at the windows,
which Is constantly going on, keeps the
air In motion throughout the room,
whereas If the celling Is higher only the
lower part of the air Is moved, and an
Inverted lake of foul and hot air Is left
floating in the space above the window
tops. This lake, under the law of dif
fusion of gases, keeps actively at work,
fouling the fresh currents circulating
beneath It . "
Longevity- of Irian Feaaants.
It is curious to notice the great num
ber of centenarians whose deaths are
recorded in the official returns of Irish
rural districts. As an instance of the
longevity, of the Irish peasant it may
be .pointed out that the death of per
sons upward of sixty years of age reg
istered In Connaught last year amount
ed* lo over 60 per cent of the entire
deaths of the province.
He Knew Wall Street.
Upson Downes— There's a man over
there who owes all his wealth to his
deep knowledge of the ways of Wall
street
Wlnan Luce — Went In and won his
pile, eh?
Upson Downes— No; stayed out and
kept what he had.— New I'ork Times.
Pineapples come Into bearing in Ha-
w i aU..Jvhen the plants are four months
Old^and'b'ear In abundance for years.
Lettuce can be planted at any time,
and It develops quickly. The same Is
true of celery.
The fellow who never has anything
of Importance to say always manages
to say It— Philadelphia Record. .
A five roomed dwolling house on
Summit street, near the court house,
for rent. Apply at Ledger office. *
A complete assortment of groceries
and canned goods for campers and
picnickers at A. B. Caminetti's Central
Market. - 5-3-tf.
nUniflO 00UGH8. COLDB,
iniOM HOARBEMBBB,Oroup
111 Oil WHOOPINQ-COUeH,
RflflQQ Lvn 8 Trouble*.
Ill Uoo Sip«cl«lly adastid to chB-
III WWW dfMi.balß«ft»3r()inop[alJ.,
ft f\ 1 1 fa 1 1 ««P'y at drugi *6\ tlafif tr-
lillllliH ous »«»dyi!«s. CWpui
UUUUII 280 PER BOTTLB.
UflLUnill malclnjlilSf joyuri. tlrtr
UllbWl - • * ■ BbyalclWn* »•• tt In thjjj pra»
dee and uy the raiulii an ««a«rfut W» *U1
atarfuUir refund tha prlet " ll darf »i lajflnW
<$ts- Takoli yourielfj gfvaltt»,«urcWl<lr«»aJB
r««aim»n<lU'oyourfil«od|. ; ■ -,■■■■.■
. IW* *r AttftfiMwrw,.'"
MISCELLANEOUS.
How About that Titl6?
Half the Land in Amador Conntj* ii
held under Impwfoct Etlw. y
U you own a lot or ranch, the chances \.
are there Is something wrong with yonr >
title, which can only be remedied by '
procuring an abstract.
Our office has the only complete set of Abstract
Books in Amador County. We also have a vari-
ety of plats and maps which enable as to glrs
All Kinds of Information about Land
- In Amador County
At the lowest rates. Notarial work done.
MONEY TO LOAN.
GEO. I; WRIGHT & SON
Spagnoli Building
JACKSON," AMADOR CO., CAL.
s+ll P. O BOX H . .
I KERR'S I
f ■-■■■ : -" ;:: -"* ; :
J You will find all lines *: [
• of up-to-date Holiday. <►"
J Goods. ' Elegant Man- *: [\
4$ icure Sets, and in fact
everything in their line £ [
4* for presents to give I
your friends. Atoniz- 3D
•? - tj^. .
ers 50 cents to $3.00. i »
JSP "* aC m^ •
j& Medallions 25 cents to .>
■% $5.60. i ►;■
A KOBEKT I. KEEB 5
"i? Main Street JACKSON 1T
JK ■ "-..". .^
TO THE UNFORTUNATE
jws~-<»^^l^ This old reliable and
gwZSWCJSMSSm tbemost successful spe-
ktluL iiwfntf»vnrln *" exual &n<^ Seminal
Jjj2^S§wKs|yrj^^|j Syphllia in all its forms
*^^" «~r afriKSSa^j Loss of Manhood,' the
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counte-
nance dark spots under the eyes, pain In tha
head, ring ng in the ears, loss of confidence, •
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitation M
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and back,
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs,
consumption, etc. . ■ . B ~T'-.
DR. GIBBON has practiced in San Francisco
over 37 years, and those troubled should not~
fiil to consult him and receive the benefit of
his great skill and experience. The doctor
cures when others fail. Try him. ' Cures Mar- 1
ant ?? d - S ersona cured at non "». Charges reas-
onable. Call or write. ■
_Dr. J. F. Gibbon, 685 Kearney street. San
Francisco. CaL
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
1 MORTIMER i
i THH,PfIIj4TEf{ S
• Has returned, and is prepared to do • '
• all kinds of - «
• House, Sign and Carriage • S
s Painting. . S
• PAPER HANGING, ETC. 8^
• In rear of Bank - - Jackson, Cal. • ;
■••••••••••••••••••••••••a
j. h. langhorstS
* Main Street. Jackson
ealertn
MERICAN WATCHES, GLOGXS JEWILRT*
AND SILVERWARE
«t All goods warranted as represented
epaL-ing of watches. Clocks and jewelry a
speolalty.' -
— _ . ■.
JAGKSON REPUBLICAN GLUB
; ■ ■ ■ ; '-i
DR. C. A. HERRICK President
J. B. FRANCIS First Vice-President ■'■
B. F. TAYLOR Second Vice President .
WEBSTKR SMITH Third Vice-President
JAME3 E. DYE.:... Secretary
J. H. LANGHORST ..Treasurer •
Stated meetings the second Monday evening
of each month at S o'clock p, m. AH Republi-
cans in Jackson and vicinity cordially invited
to attend and sign the roll of membership.
Membership free. All funds raised by volun- . ■
tary contributions.
THE X-RAY y
Tells the truth
Don't depend too much on old-fashioned
medical methods. Don't believe every-
thing you are told. Lots of people are be-
ing treated for the wrong disease. Have
an X-Ray picture taken of your internal 
organs, bones, joints, etc You will then , ;
know the truth. Know exactly where and "
what tho trouble is. Theniour chances ■
of being cured will be good. For a thor* ■
oughly good, reliable picture, call at tha
EDISON COLLEGE OF X-RAY THERAPEUTICS
. 105 Kills St., San Francisco, Room 28-29-90 5
X-Rays applied to malignant, cancerous,
and other diseases. Medical Electrology 1 !
and Radiology. X-Ray Therapeutist.
It you have a Tumor or Cancer, our X-Ray *
will show it. 4-SMo ■
•••••••••••••••••••••••At*
5 I A. KENT J
: • :
• Blacksmith \%
2 Wagonmaker and \ ' :-'
• Horseshoer-* ;.'-
2 • 3
» /CARRIAGE PAINTING AND GEN- • .</
• \J eral Smithing attended to with dis- • ■■ •
I patch at reasonable rates. Wharffs old •
I stand. South Main street, Near National • '
I Hotel, Jackson. . • :. ;
1 Sttttt»-wtttttttMt«»»«ttS