Established November i, 1855.
LAWYERS.
"~"V 11. SPAGKULI
.';*- .* ;J Attorney iiml Counselor fit l.:iu
Jackson. Cau
ractice in all tho States and federal court*" "
fnce: Spagnoli buildins.gpposite-T'SIT t-i
t? a *di! ' i—' -'_ ■■■ ' ~*^
W W. CiUUWKM.
► ■ . Attorney.-Ht-L.HW
[ JACKSON, CAU
hll practice In all courts of the State.
| : '-
_— T AWYPTt —
Bee on Summit Street, opposite Courthouse
NOTARIES.
k. Stenographer and Notary Public
Jackson, Cau
Ice, Judge Davis' law offices, Summit Street
DOCTOKS.
E. ENUICOTT, 81. D.
Li. - ■ ■ ' ,;
Phyiilclan anil Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Ice: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times,
wl{. E. V. TIFFANY
1 PhyHician ami Surgeon
f PLYMOUTH, CAL
FiCß—Forrest House- Hours—B to 9 a. m.,
nd 1 to 2 and 7 to 8 p. m.
'elephone Main 41.
kit. L.. K. PHILLIPS
33 riiysU-imi and Surgeon
JACKSON CAL.
te of Ihe City and County Hospital of San
Francisco. v
CICK— Weil & Renno Building. Kcsidcuce,
National Hotel..
kit. A. M. GALL.
Physician and Surgeon
JACKSON. CAL.
ifflce in Marelia building. Main Street
)R. E. V. LONIGU
From the Medical School of t lorence (Italy)
graduate besides from tho Medical pepart-
nent University of the State of California,
nd ex-Surgeon to iho City Receiving Hospi-
il of San Francisco, bogs leave Iv inform
ou that he has opened his oulcu in the town
[ Jackson, Kay's building, formerly iir. Uob-
rtson's omce, where all wtiocall will bo au-
werod day and night
mral Surgery & Obstetrical attendance his
pecialties. Telephone No. 467.
| It. J. 11. O'CONNOK
Physician mid SnrKeon
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
nice—Mails'Building. Residence audTele-
>ne, Exchange Hotel. jan2, ly.
■ DENTISTS.
JR. V. A. IlKKlfctCK
-._■■■..-■ "... . .
■ ■" " ' ■
— — DENTIST
; Jackson. Cai;
cc In Kay Imi.uiiig. clours from 9a. m. to
5 p. m.
. It. JOHN A. OELIICUIII
SCTTEB CREEK, CAL.
neE Houus:-From 9 a. m to 5 p. m.
FFICIAL DIRECTORY
: OF
AMADOR COUNTY.
¦ :: r '- "'.•¦".
te Senator Hon. \V. C, Ralston
emblyman. Hon. C. H. Mclvenney
erior Judge Hon. R. C. Kust
rill and Tax Collector T, K. Norman
iputies Fred Jackson, II E. Kay
nty Clerk and Auditor C. L. Culbert
uty County Clerk J. R. Huberty
riot Attorney C. P. Vicini
usurer Geo. A. Gritton
order O. A. Patterson
ossor John Marchant
uty Assessor. George F. Mack
erintendent of Schools Geo. A. Gordon
>ncr and Administrator.... Geo. M. Huberty
Hnty Survey. Win. Brown
aty Physician Dr. A. M. Gall
vardof County Hospital A. C. Barrett
SUPERVISORS.
Hrnship One M. Newman
nship Two W. M. Amick
'nship Three August Grille
nship Four K. B. Moore
nship Five Lawrence Burke
le regular meeting of the Board of Supervis-
His held on the first Monday of each month.
Hi Moore, Chairman.
TOWNSHIP OFFICERS.
I TOWNSHIP ONE.
Ht ice of tho Peace H. Goldncr
table i A. Leverone
TOWNSHIP TWO.
Htice of the Peace James Mc.Cauley
table... J. E Kelley
TOWNSHIP THREE,
ice of the Peace A. W. Robinson
itable James Lessley
H TOWNSHIP FOUR.
Htice of the Peace W. L. Rose
itable.. D. F. Gray
TOWNSHIP FIVE.
Htice of the Peace J. Blower
itable '.. William Scoble
DAILY STAGE LINE j
fACKSON ami EL DORADO •
s
J. Stelner, Proprietor. •
Leaves Jackson every morning at 7:30 J
i. m.; arrives at Plymouth 10:30 a.m. %
-.caves Plymouth at Ip. m.; arrives at *
El Dorado 5 p. m. 0
Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a.m.; arrives {
it Plymouth 11 a. m. Leaves Plymouth •
it 2p. m.; arrives in Jackson at 5 p. m. •
Offices—Jackson, National Hotel; Sut- t
ter Creek, American Exchange: Ama- (
dor City, Amador Hotel; Drytown, Ex- 2
change; Plymouth, Forest House. j
Prompt delivery of packages. ;- 4
This line eonn«cts with passenger •
trains to and from Placerville. *
THROUGH FARE - - - : $2.50 J
- Fifty pounds ot baggage free. ■ I
The Amador Ledger.
B B*7?>--^W^^.^4^^iia«saSfoifi ft
Don't forget the old man
with the fish on his back. . _
For nearly thirty years he
lias been traveling around the
world, and is still traveling,
bringing health and comfort
wherever he'goes.
To the consumptive he
brings the strength and flesh
he so much needs.
To all weak and sickly
children he gives -rich and
strengthening food.
To thin and pale persons
he gives new firm flesh and
rich red blood. ;..
Children who; first saw the
old man with the fish are now
grown up and have children
of their own.
He stands for Scott's Emul-
sion of pure cod liver oil — a
delightful food and a natural
tonic for children, for old folks
and for all who need flesh and
strength.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Chemists.
409-4-15 Pearl Street, New York.
sOc. and $1.OO; all druggists.
NOTICE OF SALE.
Of Property of the State Pursuant to Sec-
tion 3987 of the Political Code.
Ofttce of the Tax Collnctor of the County 1 v
uf Amador, State of California. j
AiTHEtIEAS, on the 2lst day of November.
f V I*B, there was received by me and filed
in uiyolnce a written authorization, under the'
haud and seal of tho Controller of the State of
California, which said authorization was and
is in words and figures following :
Controller's Department,. ■ • \; :
,; State of California. f
To the Tax Collector of the County of Ama-
dor, State of Califoini.i.
Whereas, on the Ist day of July, 1901, there
was filed and recordutl iv the Controller's office
of tho State of Califorui t. a certain deed con-
veying to tho Pooplo of the Slate of California
tbo title to those certain lots aud parcels uf
land hereinafter described;
Aud, whereas, said deeds recite tho fact that
said property hereinafter described was struck
off and sold to the People of tho Slate of Cali-
fornia for the nonpayment of State and County
taxes, penalties and costs, and all charges
levied aud assessed against said property for
the year 1894. \
And, whereas, five years have' elapsed since
the date of said sale, and no redemption, ac-
cording to law, has been made of said property,
or any part thereof;
Now, therefore, in pursuance of the -law in
such cases made aud provided. I, K. i\ Colgan,
Controller of the Slate of California, by virtue
of the authority iv me vested by the laws of
this State, do by these presents authorize, em-
power, and direct you, the said Tax Collector,
to sell at public auction, in separate lots or
parcels, the property hereinafter described, in
the manner following: Public notice shall
tirst be given of such sale by publication for at
least three weeks in some newspaper published
in the county, or city and county, or if there be
no newspaper published therein, then by post-
ing a notice in three conspicuous places, in the
county, or city and county, for the same period,
which notices must state specifically the place
of, and the day and hour of sale, and shall con-
tain a description of the property to be sold,
and shall also embody a copy of this author-
ization
The property above referred to and hereby
authorized to be sold, is situate, lying, and be-
ing in the County of Amador, State of Califor-
nia, bounded and particularly described as
follows, to-wit : A tract of land being the NEW
ot NW« and HWH of NE« of sec. 28, T.7E.9
E., M. D. B. & M., SO acres. Sold to the State
June 24th, 1895.
That no bid shall be received or accepted at
such sale for less than the amount of all the
taxes levied upon such property, and all inter-
ests, costs, penalties, and expenses up to the
date of the sale hereby authorized, together
with all such subsequent taxes as may have
been levied upon such property, up to the date
of the issuance to the State of the deed or deeds
hcreinabove referred to, with all Interests,
costs, penalties, and other charges thereon
added to such subsequent taxes.
That said sale shall be conducted in all res-
pects as by law governing such sales. ■
Given under my hand and seal of office, at
Sacramento, this 20th day of November, A. D.
1903. - -
[sbal] E. P. COLGAN, Controller.".
By W. W. Douglas, Deputy.
Therefore, iv pursuance of law, public notice
is hereby given that I will on SATUKDAY, the
19th day of DECEMBER, 1903, at the hour of 10
o'clock a. m., in front of tho Tax Collector's
office; in the county of Amador, Stale of. Califor-
nia, sell in one parcel, at public auction, to the
highest bidder for cash in lawful money of tbo
United States, the said property hereinbefore
in said authorization described, which said au-
thorization is hereby made a part of this notice,
to wit: Situate lying, and being in tho county
of Amador, State of California, bounded and
particularly described in said deed above re-
ferred to as follows, to wit: A tract of land be-
ing the NEH of NWM, and NW^ of NEW or
sec. 2S,T. 7 It. 9 E., M. D. B. & M , 80 acres
Sold to the State, June 24th, 1895
TAXES, INTEREST AND COSTS.
1892— -Taxes, penalties, etc $33 06
1894 — Taxes, penalties, etc 28 85
1895— Taxes, penalties, etc 3159
J92 50
Advertising 40 00
Total amount due {132 50
No bids will be received or accepted for said
property for less than the amount of all the
taxos levied upon said property and all Inter-
est, costs, penalties and expenses up to the
date of this sale, together with all subsequent
tuxes that may have been levied upon said
property up to the date of tho issuance to the
State of the deed referred to In said Controll-
er's authorization, with all Interest, costs, pen-
alties and other cbargos thereto added to such
subsequent taxes.
Given under my hand at Jackson, in the
County of Amador, State of California, the 21st
day of November, 1903.
T. K. NORMAN,
Tax Collector of the County of Amador, State
of California no 27-4t
V. OETTINOER . S. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutler Creek. Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers In iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
and complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
1-on, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc, which we will
sell at tag lowest CASH PRIC63, -
JACKSON,' A3LA.DOE "COUNTY. CALIFOKSLV, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 25. 1903.
HIGH NOON.
9rlKlnaUy It Was 8 o'clock In the
Afternoon.
The word "noon" is originally de
rived from the Latin nona hora, the
ninth hour of the Romans, the 8 o'clock
of today, but no clew is given as to
when or -why -the change took place
which made "noon" mean midday, or
12 o'clock. ' \ . ■/ .""
■ This will be discovered if we go back
to early times, for then great deference
was paid to Saturday .afternoon as a
preparation for the {Sabbath, when
work was eased all over the land. In
058 King "Edgar in his ecclesiastical
laws laid it down that "Sabbath shall
be observed from Saturday 'noon' till
light . appears on Monday morning."
Johnson, commenting upon this, says
"noon" is 3 o'clock, and remained so
till the reformation.
. . How, then, , came it to mean 12
o'clock? In this way: Monks, by their
rules' were not . to dine till they had
sung their "nones," or noontide service.
When midday, 12 o'clock, began to be
the time of eating and drinking the
■monks, who were also the masters of
language in the dark ages, anticipated
both their devotions and their meals
by singing , "nones" . immediately., after
the 12 o'clock service. Thus the "noon"
of old was mergedinto the : "noon"; of
today,' and for a'; time '"distinction was
made 'between the "two by calling 12
o'clock noon and 3 o'clock "high noon,"
as it appears In "The Shepherd's Al
manack."
Animal Barometers.
The tortoise is not an animal one
would naturally fix upon as likely to
be afraid of rain, but it is singularly
so. Twenty-four hours or more before
rain falls the Galapagos tortoise makes
for some convenient shelter. On a
bright clear morning, when not a cloud
is to be seen, the denizens of a tortoise
farm on the African coast may be seen
sometimes heading for the nearest over
hanging rocks. When that happens, the
proprietor knows that rain will come
down during the day, and, as a rule. It
comes down in torrents. The sign nev
er fails. This prcsensatlon, to coin a
word, which exists in many birds and
beasts may be explained partly from
the increasing weight of the atmos
phere'when rain is forming, partly by
habits of living and partly from ;t!ie
need of.uioisture which is shared. by
all. The American catbird gives warn
ing » of an approaching - thunderstorm
by sitting on tlae low branches of the
dogwood' tree (whether this" union of
the feline with the canine is invariable
the deponent salth not), uttering curi-.
ous notes. Other birds, including -the
familiar robin. It"; is said, give similar
"evidence ! of an" impending change In
the weather.
Followed Directions.
A clergyman ■ in New Jersey hired a
man to act in the capacity of coachman
and gardener. One day the clergyman
bought a bottle of horse liniment N and
told the man to apply It to a lame horse
according to the directions on the bot
tle.
About an hour afterward he went to
the barn and found Silas industriously
dipping a spike into the liniment and
then rubbing it against the horse's leg.
"What are you doing that for?" he
asked. .
The man looked up with a smile of
assurance. "Because,", said he, " 'twas
what It said in the directions on the
oottle, but it's slow work." .
"You must have made. a mistake,"
said the minister. : : . . , '
"I have not" answered the man in
an aggrieved tone. "It says here on the
bottle, 'Apply with a large nail or
tooth brush,' and, as I had no tooth
brush, I , thought I'd better use this
The Memory of Ants.
A remarkable fact in the physiology
Df ants 'is their memory. The number
of ants that go to make a nest is enor
mous, yet they are all personally known
to each other and are able to recognize
members of their own community aft
er a prolonged absence. Sir John Lub
bock kept one of these remarkably in
telligent insects from its home for a
year. On its return the relatives from
whom it had been so cruelly separated
recognized their wanderer and welcom
ed it back, while an ant introduced
from another nest .was most inhospi
tably treated, even . murdered and
thrown out . .
Conditional.
A Scotsman was on his deathbed, and
his friends persuaded him to forgive a
neighbor "with whom 'be bad had a
standing feud for some years. ...
The neighbor came to the dying
man's bedside. .......
After they had shaken hands awl
made peace th# Scotsman exclaimed:
"If I get better,' Donald, remember all
this goes for naught."— Pearson's Week
ly.
Considerate.
Mrs. Benhain — You look mad.
: Benham— l am mad. A man called
me a born fool today. *> ; ..;
Mrs. Benham — Tou ought not to get
wad about it. I think It ■was very con
tiderate In him to blame it on your an
cestors!— Brooklyn Life.
The Judge's Admission.
"What was your greatest trial.
Judge?" asked the young lawyer.
"Getting my seven daughters married
off," replied the scanty haired Jurist-
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Remembered,
"What is "a stomach pump?" asked
the teacher In physiology.
"Takin' a trip acrost the lake,"
promptly responded Tommy Tucker.—
Chicago Tribune.
Good intentions go a long way, but
are frequently unable to get back with
out assistance.— Galveston News. . ,
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Land Ofttce at Sacramento. Cal.. Dec. 1, 1003.
-VTOTtCE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
XN following-named settler has lilod notice of
his intention to make final proof in support of
his claim, and that said proof will be made be-
fore R. Webb, U. S. Commissioner, •at
Jackson, California, on Saturday, January Oth
1004, viz: John W. Kirk, of Amador Co., Cal ',
upon H. A. No. 6752 for the NEJ< of Section 14,
T. 8. N., R. 14 E., M. D. M.
He names the following witnesses to prove
his continuous residence upon and cultivation
of said land, viz: J. Vf. Joscs, of lone, Cul.,
P. O.; C. H. Henderson, of lone, Cal., P. 0.;
Joseph Dufrene, of Ranlett, Cal., P. O. ; John
Tonzi, ol lone, Cal , P. O. ■
JOHN F, ARMSTRONG.
A GLIMPSE OF TOKYO
SCENES IN THE SCARRED CAPITAL
OF EASTERN JAPAN.*
A Widespread Medley of Unpleasant
SlKhts, Odors and Sounds— Some of
the In'cunTenienccs That Beset tile
Foreigner In Shopping.
Tokyo, the vast sprawling capital of
oastem Japan, a comparatively young
city. Is aged with the scars of fire, of
earthquake and of war. • This great
city, once .of 1,000,000 Inhabitants,
spread over what is popularly estimat
ed as a hundred square miles, seems
still to cower in the shadow of the for
tress of the great Iyeyasu.
For the American tourist unprepared
for the real orient and knowing Japan
only through her art products and the
few pen pictures of the artist rhapso
dlsts who have embarrassed her with
their praises Tokyo is a rare purgative.
Except for the stately and - dignifled
tombs of the shoguns and the fine offi
cial grounds and buildings of the capi
tal he finds his senses assailed on every
side by unpleasant sights, odors and
sounds.
Approaching Tokyo by train from Yo
kohama, he sees the green hillsides pla
carded with enormous advertisements.
Arrived in the city, he finds the poster
and billboard everywhere monstrous
and flagrant. Stagnant sewers He along
the roadside, and foul odors arise from
>the pavements, constantly wet down
by the householders. Porters and store
keepers with a rag of a breechclout or
a scant skirt Jostle, shout and stare,
and perhaps a whole family may be
seen In a doorway ready for the tub,
from which you see the steam arising.
I A street called the Ginga is the state
street of Tokyo, and here In the even-
Ing you. may find an Infinity of Wares
spread out upon the walk, which is one
of the few real sidewalks In Japan.
Most of these wares, however, are a
vast Inconsequential array of cheap
trifles, such as the enterprising mana
ger of an American "five cent store"
might gather together. There are, how
ever, ; a ' number of somewhat preten
tious stores to "be seen by the persist
ent shopper. . - -
■Shopping- in Tokyo, however, Is. at
tended by many inconveniences. To- be
gin with, your rickshaw man knows no
English and nothing about the stores,
and the names and numbers of streets
are known only. to the map makers.
Where a- street has a name It Is likely
to belong only to the shady side and to
run around the block Instead of contin
uing ■ from the next corner. . . If , how
ever, : you succeed In finding a store
your troubles have Just begun. The
proprietor sits at the rear of the estab
lishment, cross legged, before a small
desk. By virtue of being in his own
store he has reached the summit of
earthly desire and cares nothing about
you. Perhaps If you wait some small
'clerk of a dozen years or less will come
to wait upon you and, seeing you are
a foreigner, will charge you extra for
the few words of English he can mas
ter. ..
If you are bold enough to leave your
xtckshaw and wander about on foot you
will soon attract a curious crowd, the
clatter of whose wooden geta upon the
flags will well nigh deafen you. It is a
good natured, well meaning crowd,
however, and will soon be scattered by
a policeman. If there are any clerks
going your way' they will address you
in the hope of learning a few words of
English or inviting you to their stores.
There is no hostility or insult, only cu
riosity and good natured, childish
amusement.
Modesty Is an unknown quantity in
Japan, as one soon learns. If your rick
shaw man's two garments become damp
he Is likely to change them before you,
and fellow travelers in the cars are
sure to change their clothes without
deference to place or surroundings.
Men and women use the same tank at
the same time in the public baths with
out a thought of impropriety.
The streets of a Japanese city are full
of Interesting sights and seem never
twice the same. Every store and every
passer by Is a novelty that- chains tho
attention for a moment. In a land
where nearly all wares are hand mndc
every article has some Individuality,
and one Is led on with the hope of find
ing something better than the rest.
Heavy loads are carried through the
streets on the backs of men and wom
en, on horses and on two wheeled carts.
The carts are drawn by bulls or shag
gy-northern stallions and are guided by
the driver, who walks with the pole.
The burdens carried by women ' anrt
children are remarkable. All over Ja
pan the heaviest work is done by worn
en, the bricks and masonry for the new
museum and government buildings be
ing so transported in the heat of mid-
Bummer. Children carry their brothers
and sisters strapped to their backs and
haul great loads on heavy carts. The
life of the laboring classes seems very
arduous, and they are remarkably pa
tient and Industrious. Throughout city
and country every one seems to be hard
at work.
T,he death rate of Tokyo is very high.
The custom of carrying very young
children strapped on the back with
their heads unprotected from the sun
leads to thousands of cases of brain fe
ver and blindness. A majority of the
children bear the marks of skin dis
eases, and their heads are often nau
seating to behold. The water used In
the city is suspicious, and travelers
drink spring water or tea. The genera'
practice of rubbing certain wooden im
ages on the temples to secure freedom
from various forms of disease undoubt
edly assists the spread of various dis
orders.—Chicago Chronicle.
Plausible Inference.
Gilbert— Pray, how do you know M ls«
Merrlii has remained single froni
choice?
Horace— Because I never heard net
say sha had.— Boston Transcript
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Land Ofilce at Sacramento, Cal.. Due. 1, 1903.
"VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
_i3l following-named settler has Hied notice of
his intention to make linal proof in support of
his claim, and that said proof will be made be-
fore R. Webb, U. S. Commissioner, at
Jackson, Amador Co., California, on Saturday,
January 16th, 1904, viz: Giovanni Rossi, of
Amador Co., Cal., upon 11. A. No. TO4l for the
E'A ot NW« and WM of NEK of Section 19, T.
7 N., R. 13 E., M. D. M.
He names the following witnesses to prove
his continuous residence upon and cultivation
of said land, viz: Guiliermo Depauli, of Vol-
cano, Cal., P. O. ; Severino Julian!, of Volcano,
Cal., P. O.; Paulo Scapula, of Volcano, Cal,,
P. O.; Giovanni Deluchi, of Volcano, Cal.. P. O.
«H« JOHN F. ARMSTRONG, 'Register.
* DANCE IN THE KLONDIKE
f.uvii atn Miller's Story and the Way
He Clinched It.
At. one of his lectures Just after his
return from the Klondike Joaquln Mil
ler told the following story: "One night
I was invited to a dance In a miner's
cabin, and while Bill Dalton scraped
away en j his : . fiddle we Just hoed it
down. -But the miners tramped in and
out so -much between dances that be
fore midnight the ladies declared the
floor was so slippery they couldn't
dance another step unless something
was done. '.Then something was done
that never .was possible in mining
days ;iii "California. . Each .miner 'gal
lantly '-'opened his buckskin powder
pouch and sprinkled gold dust on the
floor I And this' was repeated through
out the_, night. And in the morning,
ladies • find .- gentlemen, those miners
never troubled themselves about sweep
ing up thflt gold dust They Just hitch
ed up_ttf?it dog sleds and rode away."
rAt • thitf • point of Miller's narrative
there was a slight agitation In the au
dience, an ominous sign of incredulity,
but Miller was equal to it. With a
wave of his hand toward one of the
boxes, he said, "And my old friend up
there in the box, Captain John Healy,
will substantiate what I say."
■ It was a master stroke of the poet,
for the house burst into applause and
greatly embarrassed the modest mil
lionaire mining and railroad promoter
of Alaska, who unsuspectingly had ac
cepted Miller's invitation to attend the
lecture in the afternoon.
Parnell's Superstitions.
Charles Stewart Parnell was one of
the strongest men that ever lived, but
he had numberless superstitions. Once
a colleague of his brought him the
draft of a bill to the cell he was then
occupying in Kllmainham. It was in
thirteen clauses. Parnell was horrified.
He insisted that somehow or other a
fourteenth clause should be added.
Once Parnell saw a colleague with
three lights In his bedroom. He was
quite uneasy until he saw one of the
lights put out. I traveled with him
once when he had a. scarf that had
been presented to him by a lady ad
mirer. There was some green in the
scarf. . One of his superstitions was
that green was an unlucky color. He
used to say, half Joke, whole earnest,
that all the misfortunes of Ireland
came from the fact that her color was
green. He was very much put out by
this scarf. It was in the days when
the habeas corpus was suspended in
Ireland and we were sleeping on the
mail boat at Kingstown and were not
to start for'Holyhead till next morn
ing. He was quite sure the green scarf
would have us arrested before we left
in the morning.— M. A. P.
Beauties of Red Tape.
"A typical Instance of the war ofilce
methods is furnished by a correspond
ent on one of our stations. | An officer
having occasion for the use of a screw
driver made application for the supply
of that humble but handy implement
from the government stores. His appli
cation was bandied about in the usual
manner from officer to officer and final
ly reached the upper authority, from
whom a reply filtered back by the same
devious ways to the effect that screw
drivers were only supplied in tool
boxes and not singly. Nothing daunt
ed, the officer at once applied for a
box of tools and after the usual cir
cumlocutory tactics was informed that
boxes of tools were only supplied
to carpenters' shops. By this time the
officer, who had quite forgotten what
he had wanted the screwdriver for,
had thoroughly entered into the spirit
of the campaign, and his next applica
tion was for a carpenter's shop. He
got it— London Tit-Bits.
MacMahon and Grevy.
In Paris in the revolution of 1830 a
law student was soundly kicked by one
of the king's officers for tearing down
a copy of the ordinances- placarded on
the wall. The officer was armed, the
student was not; so the latter ran
away. Nearly a half century later, in
1870, the officer called upon the stu
dent-to bid him goodby, having Just
resigned the presidency of the French
republic on account of a radical differ
ence with the majority of the national
assembly on questions of state policy.
He combined with his adieus also a
graceful word of congratulation on
the student's election to succeed him In
the presidential chair. ; The student
was Jules Grevy; the officer was Pa
trice de MacMahon, who died ripe in
years and honors.
Where They Bat Tobacco.
Perhaps there Is nothing more pecul
iar about the Eskimos of Point Bar
row than their methods of using tobac
co, which, of course, they procure from
the whites. They know good from bad
tobacco. When they get hold of a few
plugs, they show a marked apprecia
tion of It. The babit of chewing the
weed seems to be universal. Men, wo
men and even unweaned children keep
a quid, often of enormous ulze, con
stantly in the mouth. The juice is not
spit out, but swallowed, with the saliva
without producing any symptoms of
nausea.
Sell Control.
"There's one thing I will say," re«
marked Mrs. Cumrox, "and that is
that my daughter Arabella has a fine
disposition."
"Indeed?""-.
"Yes, sir. The way she can sit for
hours listening to herself play on the
piano shows remarkable self control." —
Kxchange.
Mixed Metaphor.
"Brethren," said an earnest exhorfer
to a body of religious workers, "breth
ren, remember that there is nothing
which will kindle the fires of religion
is the human heart like water from the
fountains of life."
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Land Offlcc at Sacramento. Cal., Dec. I, MO3.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
following-named settler has tiled notice of
bis intention to make final proof In support of
his claim, and that said proof will be made
before R. Wobb, U. S. Commissioner, ut
Jackson, Cal., on Saturday, January 9th, 1004,
viz: JohnTonzl, of Amador Co., Cal., upon H.
A. No. 6784 for the S% of SE\(, SEU of SW« of
section 12, and NE), of NWK of section 13, T.
8 N., R. 14 E., M. D. M.
He names the following witnesses to prove
his continuous residence upon and cultivation
of said land, viz: Chas. Henderson, of lone,
Cal., P. O.; John W. Kirk, of lone, Cal., P. O.;
Edward Greilich, of Drytown, Cal., P. O, ; Henry
Qrelliob. ot Drytown, Cal.. P. O.
d-t«\ JOHN F,AjyjS.T,RONG, Register.
§j -agents for- \ \ \ THE RED^FRONT ;■ | \ - : : - -^ «; : *m-^;2.
I "MINING KING" || JAGKSON'S: : ||| CHRISTMAS GOODS S
5 _LBOOTL B0OTS _ j j;^ffi^ j ON DISPLAY 5
!^J; EEGUL ATOKS OF JACKSON MARKET PRICES g
■hi in ASM mm int
Now on Display at prices within the reach of all. 2
;! :^You can reduce your .bill of Christmas presents, for your: friends, considerably- S
2 ~by.'' purchasing them from us. ■- No- extravagance; -no' exceeding expensive : things? S
3 Everything popular at popular 1 prices. : - V.C-vv;:^c.: :^S
2 A Specialty of Colognes, Perfumes, Soaps; Toilet Articles, Albums. §
3 -, Silk Handkerchiefs for Men, Ladies and Children. Neckties, etc. ?&.
§ -«*— ouru r 15 Days Sale is Still Going On '-<^r I
S Things go pretty fast now. The big. reduction in prices brings big crowd. <5-
2 Boys' and Girls' Caps, 15c. Lad!ess2.so WalklngSklrtsl.4s Men's $12.50 Overcoats, $7.50 2
jfe Regular price 25c; allcolors & sizes. Gray, navy blue and black; ' Heavy melton. Well made. j?|
§ Ladles' sl Wrappers, 75c. Ladles* $1.50 Shoes, 90c. ; ; Men's $1.50 Underwear, 85c S
2 Good outing flannel; dark colors. Vici kid; patent leather tips. Pink. All wool! S
g Boys' 50c Shirts, 35c. : Children's $5 Suits, $2. 45. "■ Men's $9 Winter Suits, $5.25 ; S
3 Dross shirts. All sizes. 3 pieces; satin facing' well tailored Navy blue melton; latest style. ;^5
A WHISTCEFV STORY.
the Climax of a Dinner In Honor cf
the Eccentric Artiot.
At the close of the case of Whistler
against Ruskin, . the former, liiiiiinn
himself very much in need of rest and
recreation, decided to make a southern
trip. When he arrived in Venice his
American friend thought to cheer him
by giving a littte dinner In his honor
to which were bidden several friemls
of the artist, principally American-*
and some few Italians. During tup
meal there arose a discussion which
left an opening for Mr. Whistler to
use upon his . host one of those keen,
incisive, verbal thrusts peculiar to him,
which left wounds extremely difficult
to heal.. The -whole company wag
startled, but the host merely smiled,
seeming to notice only the brilliancy of
the attack. Presently, however, ■ the
dinner came to an gnd and the foreign
guests took their leave. Then the host
turned upon Mr. Whistler and, -in a
voice trembling with suppressed anger,
said:
' "Jimiuie, do you know that you bru
tally insulted me tonight?" 7 '
"Yes," replied the artist thoughtfully.
"Well," continued the host, "I held
my temper while there were others
than our own countrymen present, but
do you know what I shall do if ever
you speak to me like that again?"
"What?"
"I'll grab the nearest water bottle
and smash it over your head.".
The rest of the company sat qnite
still, horror and dismay in their hearts,
while their angry host glared across
the table at his antagonist. After a
few seconds Mr. Whistler said In a tone
of childlike innocence:
"Then I know what I'll do. I'll never
say anything like that to you again."—
London Academy.
Byron's Fatted Goose.
One of the . stories ! concerning the
traditional dish of roast goose on Mi
chaelmas day refers to Lord Byron,
says an English newspaper. The poet
always insisted in keeping. up old cus
toms in small things, such as having
hot cross buns on Good Friday and
roast goose on Michaelmas day. This
last fancy had a grotesque result when
he was in Italy. After buying a goose
and fearing it might be too lean Byron
fed it every day for a month previous
to the festival, so that the poet aud
the bird became so mutally attached
that when Sept. 20 arrived he could
not kill it, but bought another and had
the pet goose swung in a cage under
his carriage when he traveled.
1 11 1 11
State and County Taxes, for
the Fiscal Year 1903-1904
Ofilce of ths Collector ot State and County
Taxes, Jackson, Amador Co , Cal., October 1,
1903.
Notice is hereby given that I have received
from the Auditor of Amador county the Dupli-
cate Assessment Uook for the fiscal year 1003-
1904. and
Ist. That the taxes on all personal property
secured by real property, and one half of the
taxes on real property will be due and payable
on and after the
Second Monday In October,
1903, and will be delinquent on the
Last Monday In November
next thereafter at six o'clock p. >i.. and unless
paid prior thereto, fifteen per cent will be add-
ed to the amount thereof, and if said one-half
be not paid before the
Last Monday In April, 1904,
at 6 o'clock p. M. an additional live per cent
will be added thereto. The remaining one-half
of tho taxes on all real property will be payable
on and after the
First Monday In January,
1904, and will be delinquent on tho
Last Monday In April
next thereafter at six o'clock P. M., and unless
paid prior thereto, five per cent will be added
to the amount thereof.
•■Id. That all taxes may bo paid at the time
the first installment, as herein provided, is due
and payable.
3>l. That payment of taxes must be made at
the oltlcc of the Tax Collector, In the town of
T. K. NORMAN,
</<;6U TiVxCQlloctQco^Amaaor County, Cal,
Englishwomen of Hank.
"If you come across a very shabby
looking Englishwoman ' on the con
tinent," said a traveled American, "in
nine cases out of ten she will turn out
to be somebody of rank. When I was
in; Florence, I was a great frequenter
of the Ufizzi galleries, and there I met
a number of times an oldish ' Englis
hwoman with a young glrl, : whom ; I
took to be governess and pupil,- as the
former was evidently educating j the
la'tter's taste for art and would analysie
the styles of the different artists and
make the girl pick : out their pictures
through her knowledge of technique.
It was cleverly done, and as the older
woman saw that I was interested in
her art lectures she kindly included
me in the curriculum. 'The girl was
shy and stiff, like most of her young
countrywomen, and I never beard her
call her companion by any name, so I
still retained my first Impression until
one day when a smart young person,
who was evidently a- lady's maid,
brought in some wraps and addressed
the older woman as 'your grace' and
the younger one as 'your ladyship,' the
two proving to be the Duchess of - l:
and Lady Emily, her granddaughter,"
—Philadelphia Ledger.
Music the Kernel of Welsh Nature.
Music is the very soul and kernel of
the Welsh nature. A musical ear is the
national birthright. - Every Welsh
preacher who migrates to an English
church finds the greatest difficulty In
abstaining from that weird, peculiar
intonation of his sermon which is
known as the hwyl and which is often
strange and objectionable to English
ears. I i'\ -
A remarkable and subtle fact which
will be interesting to English readers
and at the same time significant of the
sensitiveness of the Welsh musical ear
Is that it is positive discord to many
among the Welsh congregations if the
minister, In 'giving out' the first verse
of the hymn, does not so pitch his voice
that It shall be in harmony with the
key in which the tune has prelimina
rily been played by the instrumentalist
—Westminister Review.
A Bret Harte Story.
Bret Harte was once asked in Lon
don if he did not exaggerate some of
his western character creations. He de
clared that ho did not and told this
true story, which he had always fear
ed to put into print: A well known des
perado came into & saloon, and of
course those who knew him had busi
ness elsewhero at once. An English
tenderfoot remained, and the bad man
invited him to drink. The Britisher
innocently said he did not care to do
so, a dangerous remark to make In
those days, whereupon the desperado
wearily reached for hls v gun and said
in a tired sort of way, "Can't I ever
have a drink without killing a man?"
A King's Warm Bath.
When King Edward 11. of England
was among his torturers, who hurried
him to and fro that no man should
know where he was, they set him down
upon a bank and. the more to disguise
his face shaved him and washed him
with cold water from a ditch. The king
said, "Well, yet will I have warm wa
ter for my beard," and so shed abun
dance of tears.
She Settled It.
"Sir," began the youth, "I have come
to ask for your daughter's hand In"—
"No, sir!" snorted her father". "You
can't have her! What could possibly
hare prompted you to ask"—
"Why— er— she did, sir!"
"Oh, that's different! Also, that set
tles It I"— Philadelphia Press.
Anxtonn.
Alice— How did you feel while Fred
was proposing .to jron?
Mildred— Two or three times I felt
like supplying the words I fchew he
was groping for, but of course that
wouldn't have been the thing to do at
mi.
A Good Word.
Ferdy— l put in a good word for you,
old chap. I told her you had more
money than brains.
Algy— And what did she say then?
Ferdy— She asked me If you bad any
Koney,— Puck. . J
Ten Cents Per :Copy.
VIRGINIA COURTESY.
By Its Operation Mr. Culpepper Came
Into Bis Otto.
. It is the story of a polite and polished
Virginia gentleman . and his landlady,
also polite, polished and a Virginian.'
It rained on a day not long ago, and
when Mr.: Culpepper . looked for > his
umbrella in the terra cotta tile in the
hall it was not there. ; t Mr. Culpepper
was far too courteous to say that some
body had taken it. He didn't even say
it was gone. \ He merely looked at the
terra cotta tile and cherished regrets.
It wae raining, and he had.no umbrel
la.' The courteous landlady came upon
him and divined his trouble.'
"Haven't^ you any umbrella?" she
asked, j "Oh, thaf s too bad ! You
mustn't think of going out without
one.* Just* wait a moment till I get yon
mine."
: Mr." Culpepper protested, but when
Virginian . meets Virginian courtesy is
bound to prevail in the end.: The land
lady went upstairs and \ presently re
turned with an umbrella. '
"There," said she. "Take it I shan't
need it today, and you are perfectly
welcome to It, perfectly. welcome." -.:
And the.: grateful Mr. Culpeppsr
stepped out and. unrolled an umbrella
which was the very one he had lost
Courteous Virginia gentleman, courte
ous Virginia landlady, and you needn't
ask me how the umbrella i came to
change owners, for I don't know. Nei
ther does Mr. Culpepper.— Washington
Post. .
Looking; Under the Hat.
You seldom will find a brainy man
with a round head. The head that
contains lots of brains either is very
long from front to back or else ir
regular. You can learn something ot
a man's mental ability by the hat he
wears. If his head Is so bumpy that
It seems as If he never could get a hat
to fit him he probably Is a genius or
a crack-a-jack in some particular line.
If his head is long from front to back
he Is a clear thinker and smart as a
whip. So if your hat costs more mon
ey than your friend's ; hat does and
you are harder to fit be consoled by
considering that your brain is worth
more.— New York Press.
. Some people are slow, but sure, but
ltfß different with clocks.— Philadelphia
Record.
A A nOTHER'S LOVE.
A A mother's love is so divine that the
4 && L ■ ■ roughest man c*n-
j£S£3k not help but appre-
/jjf-PKCT ciate it as the crown
T^-jfalCrSJ 1^ However,' Mother-
BteVWyTCTfcJjy hood is looked for-
lli^J^S^aM/ most all women. At
S ScJjvTW^^Ssw such times a worn-
S Sr M PnSSSt^HKd an is nervous dys-
J Jr^'^^P^CSffß an she 'is in need"
if" ~^r j^/ftaE of a uterine tonic
and nervine, a
s strength builder to fit her for the ordeal.
N No matter how healthy or strong: a woman
m may be she cannot help but be benefited by
t taking Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
t to prepare for the event.
T This is what one mother says:
" "With a heart overflowing with gratitude I
w will endeavor to write you. It is nearly two
y years ago since I first wrote to you for advice
r regarding my health which was then very bad,"
w writes Mrs. L. Poore, of Hinesdale, Ky., to Dr.
R . V. Pierce, chief consulting surgeon of the
I Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, at Buffalo,
N . Y. "I have described my sufferings in other -
l letters to you. After receiving your advice and
t the ' Common Sense Medical Adviser ' I bought
s some of y.our 'Favorite Prescription,' and to-day
a am a well woman and the proud mother of a
-dear little boy."
B Backed up by over a third of a century
o of remarkable cures, a record such as no
o other remedy for the diseases and weak-
n nesses peculiar to women ever attained,
t the proprietors and makers of Dr. Pierces
F Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
r ranted in offering to pay $500 in legal
m money of the United States, for any case of
I I,eucorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolapsus,
o or Falling of Womb which they cannot
c cure. All they ask is a fair and reasonable
t trial of their means of cure.
T Their financial responsibility is well .
k known to every newspaper publisher and
d druggist in the United States, with most of
w whom they have done business for over •
t third of a century. •*
H How to live in health and happiness, is
t the general theme of Dr. Pierces Common
S Sense Medical Adviser. This great work
o on medicine and hygiene, containing ov-»r
1 000 pages and more than 700 illustrations,
i is sent free on receipt of stamps to pay ex-
p pense of mailing only. Send 31 one-cent
s stamps for the cloth-bound volume, or only I
a ax Stamps for the book in paper covers.T THE AMADOR LEDGER
P Published Fridays by '-
A Amador County Publishing Co.
S SUBSCRIPTION RATES: '
O One year (in advance.... . $2 60
; " One year (if not in advance) 300
S Six months -.... 1 25
. Three months ' .; .75
O One or more copies, each ...\ 10
i Legal advertising— per sqr.-lst insertion. 11.00
. Subsequent Insertions — per square-each.. ' SO
E ENTERED AT THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS
S SECOND-CLASS HATTER.
_'.". '' • - >■ - '_ __^_
§R. WEBB .... Editor and Manager
F FRIDAY . ; .. .... DECEMBER 25, 1903
The Ledger extends greeting to
all its readers, wishing them a merry
Christmas and a happy new year.
AN UNPARALLELED CASE.
\ ISTow that - the thoroughly] adver-
tised deer meat case against the
editor of the Ledger has passed into
history, we feel it a duty incumbent
upon us to comment freely upon this
utterly indefensible attempt at pros
ecution. There are features about
its inside history which we do not
propose to discuss, the circumstan
ces not being ripe at present. Here
after we hope to be in a position to
bring these to the foreground, re
vealing in all its nakedness the true
inwardness of this effort at criminal
prosecution. Tn the course of nearly
thirty years experience in journal
ism in Amador county, there have
been four different attempts to affix
the stigma of crirjeupon the present
editor of the Ledger. They were all
prompted ly uhe same motives and
aimed to accomplish the same end —
namely, to break down or curb the
independent spirit which has char
acterized this paper, by calling into
requisition the machinery of the
courts to that end. The nature of
these several prosecutions need only
be recalled at this time, and the
ending of each, as so many testi
monials to the unveering course of
the Ledger in the path of duty.
First, we were cited to show cause
why we should not be punished for
contempt of court for the publica
tion of an article concerning a case
. which had passed the jurisdiction of
the county court. We were ad
judged guilty, and fined $200 with 48
hours imprisonment. We appealed
to the supreme court on habeas
corpus, and by that tribunal not
only discharge^, but also vindicated
in the publication of the article.
Next we were yanked into the jus
tice court for publishing a lottery
advertisement — the same advertise
ment that had been running for
years in the Ledger before we as
sumed control, and without any prior
protest from the authorities. The
spirit of this prosecution- -pressed
to its ultimate issue — would have
punished any seller of a raffle
ticket in the county. This law had
never before, and has never since,
been appealed to. However, it was a
law, and we were made a victim.
The jury reluctantly brought in a
verdict of guilty. We were fined
the costs, without the alternative of
imprisonment. The animus of this
was apparent— to shut out an ap
peal by habeas corpus. We appeal
ed to the superior court, at that time
only recently instituted. At that
time we had but one piece of real
estate in the county, the office in
which the Ledger was published.
This was attached, and pending the
determination of the appeal, was ad
vertised for sale by the constable to
satisfy the judgment and costs,
which finally ran up into formidable
figures. The sale-day, however,
never came, as the judgment was set
aside by the appellate court.
The next was a libel suit. This
was tried twice in San Andreas, to
which court the case was transferred
on a motion for change of venue.
The second trial resulted in a ver
dict of acquittal.
Twenty years have rolled away
since these events disfigured the
records of Arcador county. They
were all born in the foul a^r of per
sonal or political spite, or the equally
pernicious desire to abridge the lib
erty of the press. To the majority
of those now living, these things
have faded from view in the mist of
passing years. In the now defunct
deer meat case the same spirit has
cropped up in a more objectionable
and shameless form than it ever be
fore assumed. In every community
will be found more or less of political
and personal intrigue. Individuals
will go to greater lengths to gratify
their personal pique or disappointed
ambition, than to vent their good
will. Everywhere such forces will
be found at work. It is not the
pleasing side of human nature, but
the fact is indisputable. Individuals
may make an exhibition of themsel
ves in this direction, but it is invar
iably the case that the great heart
of the people— the public conscience
beats ture to the cause of right. It
is stronger than the plotters of evil,
and presents a bulwark against their
mischievous doings, against which
they dash themselves in vain.
Let us look calmly for a moment
at this wonderfully deer meet prose
cution. Let us suppose that the
facts constituting the so called crime
were undenied; that the editor had
actually partaken of a piece of
venison in the closed season. What
of it? Who was wronged by such
action? Did it interfere with the
rights of anyone else? Did it differ
from satisfying the appetite with
a dish of beef or mutton? It was
lawful to kill the deer, it was unlaw
ful to use the meat. Such was the
contention of this amazing prosecu
tion. We deny the legal proposition.
Fortunately for the other side, the
case died in the inferior court.
Never in the judicial annals of this
or any other state was the eating of
a meal made the basis of a criminal
complaint. The blue laws of Con
necticut were not "in it" beside this
new departure in criminal jurispru-.
deuce. The records of the dark
ages — the days of inquisition and re
ligious intolerance— may be searched
in vain for anything to equal it.
How any man in possession of his
mental faculties could dream of tak
ing such a course is beyond ordinary
comprehension. And yet at is a
fact — and the most deplorable fact
connected with this affair— that an
organization known as the local
game club debated the proposition ;
held two meetings ■to cousider it. It
is only right to ' say that the vast
majority revolted at the suggestion
of prosecution on these lines. 'A
representative of a state commis
sion, an appointee of the board of
supervisors, au official of the game
club, with the legal adviser of the
county were arrayed in pressing
this suit, committing as far as . they
were able the state, couuty, and
private organizations' in this sub
lime effort to uphold the peace and
dignity of the people of the state of
California. What a satire upon law
and order. What a reflection { upon
an intelligent public. ■■ What sort of
an argument is this, for the up
building of California in general, and
Amador in particular, by the filling
up of her waste places by industri
ous^.law-abiding homeseekers. We
are pleased to say that both state
and county were misrepresented by
this insane movement, and in no
part of California is it more uni
versallyJenounced than throughout
the lenglh and breadth of Amador
county.
PATENT YOUR MINING CLAIMS.
It is surprising that so many mine
owners, along or in the immediate
vicinity of the mother lode, continue
to hold their claims by a possessory
right title. - Year after year they
are subject to the law requiring $100
worth of work to be done on each
claim, under penalty of forfeiture.
This week the danger of this tenure
has been brought into strong relief
by a suit over a mining claim near
Plymouth, where in face of the fact
of the proof of labor being recorded,
as the law requires, the claim was
jumped, and the value of the assess
ment work done is attacked. As a
rule, the annual assessment work of
$100 counts for very little in the way
of practical development of a mine.
Where a miniug claim is allowed to
remain idle for ten or twelve months
in the year, the' damage by falling
debris in a tunnel, . or caves iv a
shaft, will often amount to $100. So
that the yearly work represents lit
tle more than the restoration of the
property / to the same condition in
which it. was left the preceding year.
Little or no real advance is made
toward the development of the prop
erty, but the owner pays out his
money or does the work faithfully
enough. It is mostly labor in vain;
an expenditure of muscle and means
for nothing. For the cost of two or
three years' assessment work, a pat
ent might be obtained. We should
think the folly of holding mining
property in this manner would be
recognized by every owner, and that
a determined effort would be made
to get out of this unsatisfactory rut.
True, the owner may be without the
means to pay for getting a patent.
And some ready money is absolutely
necessary to make a . move in that
direction. Still, this in many cases
should not present a formidable . ob
stacle. Where a claim has any
prospective merit,, it is generally
practicable to find some one to ad
vance the money needed, for an in
terest in the property. This plan of
taking in a partner may have its ob
jectionable features, but it is in
finitely preferable to the ever lasting
obligation of the annual assessment
work. Besides this, when a patent
is secured, the prospect of a N sale is
very much improved. The title is
then secure, and investors are not
called upon to look into every little
matter pertaining to the title from
the original location. A claim that
is worth holding is worth patenting.
The practice of performing assess
ment work year after year, for ten
or twenty years, should be aband
oned for the business-like proposi
tion of applying for a patent.
The spoliation of Columbia is tiot
a matter to be proud of. Its dis
memberment by the secession of the
state of Panama, under the shelter
ing wing of the United States, may
be accepted as an accomplished fact.
The parent nation may make a bluff
at war, but the reconquest of the
isthmus is out of the question.
Single-handed Panama could not
maintain its independence, but with
the strong backing of the United
States Columbia must submit to the
loss of this territory, That this
state of affairs should be brought
about by the nation pledged for a
generation ■• to the maintenance of
the integrity of the United States of
Columbia, is not a ; commendable
situation to be placed in. The inti
mation of the European powers that
Columbia need not look for any sup
port from that source if she under
takes to recover by military force
the Panama isthmus, is not an in
dorsement of the infant republic.
It simply means that the squabble is
not a cause for interference. No
doubt a stable government is some
thing to be desired on the isthmus —
destined to see the construction of a
waterway to connect the eastern
and western oceans. Under the pro
tecting arm of the United States
stability will be assured. From a
commercial- standpoint this is all
important.' The Panama incident
in its moral phase, is not one that
the future historian will point to
with pride; albeit, however, it is
probably one that will greatly re
dound to the benefit of the civilized
world. 5
Olives, salami, swiss. • Hmburger
Martin's cream and California cheese
at Caminetti's Mkt.
Pioneer Flour always has been
and still is the best.
Eodol Dyspepsia Cure
Digests all classes of food, tones and
strengthens the stomach and digestive
organs. Cures Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
Stomach Troubles, and makes rich red
blood, health and strength. Kodol
Dyspepsia Cure rebuilds wornout tis
sues, purifies, strengthens and sweet
ens the stomach. Gov. G. W. Atkin
son, of W. Va., says: "I have used a
number of bottles of Kodol Dyspepsia
Cure and have found it to be a very
effective and, indeed, a powerful rem
edy for stomach . ailments. I recom
mend it to my friends. " Sold by
Kerr^ Pharmacy, Jackson.
THE \^A1)OB LEDGER; JACKSOK, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 25, 1903.
OLETA.
Once again we have all received an
other visit from '"Good Saint Nick,"
and I hope he left something at every
door to remind you that he has not for
gotten you, and will come again next
year.
Miss May Deaver is recovering from
a severe spell of ill ness. -
Mrs. Owen French has been quite
sick, caused from a gathering in her
right ear.
Mrs. W. "Robinson, who' has been
quite sick from inflammatory rheuma
tism, is recovering.
It is reported that they struck "rich
diggings" in the Suckertown mine last
week.
Miss M. - Schroeder, who has been
traveling' through the eastern states,
has returned home to spend Christmas.'
Miss M. Schillings' school at Frank
lin has closed, and she has returned
home to spuud the vacation.
': Joo Putt and family returned home
last Sunday. They left narly in the
spring, and havo been working in the
valley evor since.
Geo. Woolfolk arrived here last Sun
day evening. He took his relatives, as
well as friends, by surprise, as he did
not intend to spend his Xtnas at home.
It was due to an accident in stepping on
a nail, which- buried itself quite deeply
in his foot, and disabled him to work for
a week or two, therefore he turned
homeward.
• I. Ostrom and Chas. Bloon spent a
few days of last week in the city.
: Al Woolfolk has gone to- Rancheria
to work in the Telegraph Hill mine.
Surrounded by friends, children,
grandchildren and great-grandchil
dren, Mrs. Samuel Dent, one of the old
est sottlers in this neighborhood, pass
ed from this world to the great beyond
last Sunday evening. She had been
failing for several months, but was con
fined to her bed only a few days. Her
funeral was one of the largest ever
held in Olota. Deceased was 80 years,
11 months and a few days of age, and
leaves to mourn'her departure, a hus
band, four children, twenty -four grand
children and sixteen great-grandchil
dren, of whom all but four or five were
at. the funeral. .
Frank Wells of lone, is visiting his
cousin, Jessie Voae.
A ' farewell party was given at the
home of J. Merrow Saturday evening,
in honor of the teacher, Miss H. Law
lor of Sutter Creek. Music and games
furnished tho entertainment of. the
evening, after which cake and lemon
ade were served. All departed . for
their respective homes wishing Miss
Lawlor a happy vacation, and hoping
that they would see her smiling coun
tenance up this way next term, and I
am sure they will unless she places an
investment in a new pheaton, or^sqme
thing else, aud then I am afraid I she
will forgot all about her scholars of
Gilbert district.'
You Know What -You Are Taking
When you. take Grove's Tasteless
Chill Tonic because tho formula is
plainly printed on every bottle showing
that it is simply Iron and Quinine in a
tasteiess form. No Cure. No Pay. 50c
If j'ou wish to sco a swell Hue of
crockery just drop in and see Cade
martori's.
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
[Tho following instruments hare been filed
tor record tn the recorder's office since our last
report. We publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to accede to
any request to suppress any document from
these columns. Don't ask us to do so.]
DEEDS.
J. W. Marr to J. H. White— Bo acres
32-8-10, $10.
C. L. Culbert to J. W. Marr—Re
conveyance WJ NEJ, 32-8-10. % _
Mrs. Irene Kerr et al to American
River Electric Co. — Right of way.
George Jackaet al to American River
Electric Co. — Right of way.. ■ *
James E. Hall and wife to William
Scoble— Lot 6 block 11, Plymouth, $200.
S. V. Parker tb Sacramento Bank-
Trust deed.
Sacramento Bank to S. V. Parker —
772 acres sees 25 and 30, t 7 r 8 and 9,
$5404.
Chas. E. Owens and wife to G. H.
Waechter— WJ of SE}, SJ of SWI, sec
28 t 5 r 9, 160 acres, $10.
Estate of J. C. Pithian— Decree of
distribution recordod .
Martha Dent to Walter Dent — 160
acres, 33 and 34-8-12, $1.
Peter Germoliez and wife to Mato
Germoliez— l6o acres, sec 10 and 15 t 7
r 11, $250.
Estate of Margaret Brown— Decree
of distribution recorded.
Fillipo Vigne to Antono Canone—
Lot 2 block 6, Amador City, $50.
PROOF OP LABOR.
C. Fieldhusen. on quartz claim in sec
2-7-11, Oleta district.
Steve Ferrari, Canyon quartz - mine,
Jackson district.
James Moehan ot al, Martin White
claim, Jackson district.
A. L. Adams et al, Nugget quartz,
Mt. Echo district. .
Chas. H. Shields, Mary Ella claim,
Plymouth district. . •
W. J. Cruson, Buckeye placer, Oleta
district,
George Turcinovich, Elephantine and
Astoria, Middle Bar, and Littlefield
and Merrimac quartz mines, Middle
Bar district.
J. Iskra, Orion quartz, Volcano dis
trict.
Frank Berg, McQuade quartz, Vol
cano district. ■ *
Frank Berg. Rattlesnake, Red Star,
and Pioneer mines, Volcano district. .
L. Canata, Columbus placer, Vol
cano district.
MORTGAGES. .
J. J. Davis and wife to Wm. Hynds,
land in sees 29 and 30-8-11, $2000, 8 per
cent. . j ,:j»
Frederick Yager to J. H. Richey and
wife, assignment of mortgage executed
by J. A. Whitakor and Mary Whitakor.
Lottie P. Grimsky to Chas.E. Owens,
satisfaction of mortgage.
MISCELLANEOUS. _
Frank Devallo, mark and brand, ear
mark on cattle, under slit in right ear,
horse brand, T. D. on right hio.
A. H. Kuhlman vs. Mrs. M." Going,
lien for $15 for plans and specifications
furnished for building, lot 8 block 9,
Jackson.
Mrs. S. H. Nichols, certificate of re
demption, lot 7 block 3, Amador City,
taxes of 1896 and 1897, $22.11
CASTOR I A
>. For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the S]j? SAfj^cu'
Signature of i^Za&jff&cJUai
Notice for Publication.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Land Office at Sacramento, cal.,
December Ist, 1903.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
following-named settler has filed notice of
his intention to make Unal proof in support of
his claim, and that said proof will be made be-
fore R. Webb, U. S. Commissioner, at
Jackson, Amador Co., California, on Saturday
January 16th, 19W. viz: Gilermo Depauli, of
eS%F N«
se « of Section
He names the following witnesses to prove
his continuous residence upon and cultivation
of said land, viz: Giovanni Rossi, of Volcano
§ JJ X IP \P- ; , S ? verino JuUani.of Voloano, Cal.i
P. 0.; Paulo Scapula, of Volcano. Cal., P O •
Giovanni Doluchi, ol Volcano, CaL, P. O
JOHN F, AKMSTRONG,
dec -*« t Register.
WHAT THE PAPERS SAY
About that Flagrant- Violation of a
Wonderfully Wise Law.
Richard Webb, editor of .the Ama
dor Ledger, wriS" was arrested for hav
ing venison in his possession" after the
close season for killing deer, was ac
quitted in the justice court in Jackson
last Monday. It appears that a friend
of Mr. Webb killed a deer just before
the closo season and presented the edi
tor with a- piece of the meat. He ac
knowledged the* receipt of it in his
paper and his arrost followed. To a
man up a tree it looks vory much as if
other motives, rather than, simply a
desire to enforce the game laws, must
Lave prompted the arrest.— Calaveras
Richard Webb, editor of the Jackson
Ledger, was acquittod' in ; the justice
court of Jackson last Monday of an
unjust charge of violating, the-wonder
ful and jackassiQed game ■ laws of the
state of California— having venison in
his possession out of season. The deer
was killed the day before the close of
the season, and some of tho meat was
presented to the editor by tho hunter.
The "damphool" game law makes it a
misdemeanor to have .in one's posses
sion deer meat out of season, no mutter
when the animal was killed, or in what
state it was killed/ Great law ' that—
see here: kill a deer on' the last -day ' of
the deer season; you can't eat it before
midnight, and youcan't leave it where
it fell on account of your inability to eat
it — that would be .wanton | destruction
and prosecution would follow. Take it
to your house and food to your hungry
children and then you'd get it again for
having venison in your possession "out
of season." Mr.' Webb was. rightly
acquitted, and fclso _ Mr. Jones, who
killed the deer.— Ca'.averas Citizen.
Some time ago Richard Webb, edi
tor of the Amador Ledger, published in
his paper an acknowledgement of tho
receipt of some venison from 'A. Jones,
who resides near Ham's Station. As
the venison was received in November,
shortly . after the . expiration of the
game season, there has arisen consider
able trouble over , the affair. It is
claimed that the deer was' killed in
October,' but as tho possession of veni
son out of season is a • violation of the
law, both Jones and Webb find them
selves in trouble. There seems to be
quite a number of/ people in Amador
who have it in for the editor of the
Ledger, who .wields an independent
pen, and evidently through some of
these the state officers havo taken the
matter up. The two men havo been
arrested, and last Monday was tho day
set for trial. We have not yet learned
the result.— Prospect.
Nabisco means nobby; and sweet
cookies and crackers. No moal com
plete without them. -I carry a fresh
stock. Phone for a trial package.'
P. Cassinelli. . ; '
The Ledger prints letter heads, bill
beads, note heads, cards, posters, etc. ;
State of Ohio, City of Toledo)
' Lucas County. V ':' ISs
Frank J. Chexey makes oath that
he is senior partner of.the firm of F. 1 J.
Cheney & Co., doing business in the
city of Toledo, county and state afore
said, and that | said firm; will pay the
sum of one hundred dollars for each
and every case of Catarrh that cannot
be cured by tho use of Hall's Catarrh
Cure.- Frank J. Cheney.
Sworn to before movand ■ subscribed
in my presence, this 6th day of Decem
ber, A. D. 1886.
i ~*— j A. W. Gleason,
•J SEAL \ Notary Public.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken inter
nally, and acts directly on the blood
and mucous surfaces of the system.
Send for testimonials,free.
F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O
Sold by druggists,. 75c. .: •
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
Bargains Bargains
GREAT CLEARANCE SALE
Commencing on the 12th day of December, and
continuing until everything is sold.
A. WElL= Amador City
OFFERS 'THE ENTIRE STOCK OF
CLOTHING, DRY GOODS, BOOTS AND
I SHOES, GROCERIES. CKOCKERY, ETC.
Also Store and Dwelling; new Spring Wagon; Buggy
• • - and Harness, Horses, etc. • _ •
Ladies' Shoes Blankets
Regular price being $3.00, will be. : Of Marysvillo brand. 10-4 white,
sold at. . . . $1.50 and down to 75 cents formerly $6.50, now . .\ . . . . .'. . ;MJBO
■ Misses & Chi'Mr<>n'« 1(M brOWD> formerl y $6 -°°> now - • « 4 -25
misses « i/niidren s 1(M vigoniai fori?erly $6 now M
SilOeS Double Comforters " $2.50, now. $1.75
Former price $2.00, will be sold at —
•- si.ooanda S iow ass o C onts Children's School Shoes
Ladies' Kid GIOVeS Educed from $1.50 and $1.25 por pair
„ , . t0........ 75 cents and 50 cents
Regular price $1.50, now selling at : :
75 cent 3 and down t0 25 cen , t3 Wool Yarn at .15 cents
Ribbon*: Zephyr at 5 cents
a a '"♦'!.' -^^ '■"" Spanish Wool, 3 skeins for 25 cents
And everything in the line of Fancy c „ _, . . „
Goods at 50 por cent less than cost Saxony Yarn, 3 skeins for 25 cents
Ladies' misses and Chil- Havo also a nLce lot of
dren's Slippers ......GROCERIES.
Regular price $2 and $1.50; now offer- All fir st-dass, which will be sold cheap
cd at $1 & 75c, and as low as 50c & 25c —
T~7 ~ ~~ Crockery
Embroideries and Laces, % price -At a big reduction on cost price-
This is a rare opportunity to save money. lam determin-
ed to quit business, and must sell out regardless of sacrifice.
Don't miss this chance.
llgfgfl | igsiit is
MISCELLANEOUS.
Stomach
No appetite, loss of strength, nervous-
ness, headache, constipation, bad breath,
general debility, sour risings, and catarrh of
the stomach are all due to Indigestion. Kodol
cures Indigestion. This new discovery repre-
sents the natural Juices of digestion as they
exist in a healthy stomach, combined with
the greatest known tonic and reconstructive
properties. Kodol Dyspepsia Cure does not
only cure indigestion and dyspepsia, but thU
famous remedy cures all stomach troubles
by cleansing, purifying, sweetening and
strengthening the mucous membranes lining
the stomach.
, Mr. S. S. Ball, of RaTonswood. W. Vi.. s»ys:-
Kodol cured mndmin now uslac It In roll
lor baby. ;
Kodol Digests What Yon Bat
Bottlasonly. $1.00 Siza holdlnc 2H times the trial
slza, which tells (or 60 cents.
Prepared by E. O. D.WITT * 00.. OHIOAQO
Kerr's Pharmacy, Jackson.
The Lone Star State.
- Down' in Texas at Yoakum, is a big
dry goods firm of which Mr. J. IS..
Huller is the head. Mr. Halle'r on one
of his trips East to buy goods said to a
friend who was with him in the palace
car, "Here, take of these Little Early
Risers upon retiring and you will be up
early in the inorning feeling good."
For the "dark brown" taste,'headache
and that logy feeling De Witt's Little
Early Risers are the best pills to use.
Sold by Kerr's Pharmacy, Jackson.
~; ~~ r ~~ BORN. ~~~
NICHOLS—In Jackson Valley, December 11,
1903, to the wife of William Nichols, a daugh-
ter
BOITANO—At Middle Bar, December 18, 1903.
to the wife of James Boitano, a daughter.
RHODES—In Jackson, December 20, 1903, to
the wite of U. Rhodes, a son. '
MORROW—In Jackson, December 17, 1903, to
the wife of George Morrow, a daughter.
DIED. .••*
UOSCHERI—At Gwin mine, Calaveras county,
December 15, 1903, Peter Boscheri, aged 45
yeitrs.
BEST FOR THE
BOWELS
If you haven't a regular, healthy movement of tbt
bowels every day, you're 111 or will be. Keep your
bowels open, and be well. Force, In the shape of tlo-
lent physio or pill poison. Is dangerous. The emooth-
•at, easiest, most perfect way of keeping the bowtlfl
clear and clean Is to take
EAT JEM LIKE CANDY
Pleaauit. Palatable, Potent. Taste Good,' Do Good,
Nerer Sicken, Weaken, or Orlpe, 10, 25, and ISO ciDU
per box. Write lor free Maple, and booklet oa
health. Address ..-. US
BTIBUia BKHXDT COaPIST. CHICiOO or lilt YOKE.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEAM
ARE YOU A LOVER
Of Good Clothes? X
■— _ _Jl&,_ : :
If so I would advise you
to call and see the new
goods I bought. Also
remember I press and fix
all suits that are bought
of me free of charge.
— ■ —*w@r~ i —
MAX LAD AX
The Exclusive Clothier and
....Tailor.... •
■ . LIVE BUSINESS HOUSES.
|fiINDGEHID ; . ; . : |
I General Merchandise |
H J>e^ Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes. |§
H <-m p Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mm- M
H|, ing Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, '.' s|
% - ; Hay, Grain, etc., etc. \| §|
H Corner Main and Water St. : Jsi
n ; JXCKSON, ;■ - - ; - cai^ieornia 1
"MAJESTIC" $2,50 SHOES.
i ne leather is simply H^^Pl
superb, the shoe mat- fi2^ I
every SPOT f and as for £/
looks, why anybody can f§L^/t£m['
TT7T T .1 ' . .1 AT\r* ißssZs A.'T^A'
X ' '* ■*' * UlldL LJ.ICV ill f\. '■ ' J
Putter's Cash Store, Agents. I
GTTT'PTm? /^T?XT'ij ITZ'1 TZ' - fl
OUX JL HiXi v^xiJDj XLjxv. |
•-•-■■■• '- ■ ; ■■---■-. --:■.; ;-- ; ■
I It Costs Money to Make Steam I
. — ;r-SAVE MONEY BY USING- r£3
B McDearmon & Go's. Asbestos Goods.
Such as Boiler & Pipe Coverinys, Maguesia Coverings, Fire-Proof- p§
ing Materials, Cold' Storage Insulation, Brine & Ammonia Coy- tiM
erings, Packings & Gaskets, Keystone Building & Deadening Felts. l||
g|| CATALOGUE, ESTIMATES & SAMPLES ON APPLICATION. |M
Garbarini Bros., Agents - - Jackson, Cal. b
I Bazaaf Pa« eros l. J; Glavinovich i
I : LEADING GROCEKY STOEE j :
; ; £^^ Groceries, Dry Goods, .' j ;
;; D Furnishing Goods, Boots, 4fc j;
;; a Shoes, Toilet Articles, ;'
;» c Hardware, Miners' Sup- j;
!! i , plies, Hay, Grain, etc. j
(>-- ■ N / - ■; ■•.•- - • *
|>—. . ; A
J! — GIVE ME A TRIAL AND SAVE MONEY — \\
\\' Cor. Main & Court Streets —~- — : —\ \
| dA^HbUJN, - - CA.L.. Bazaar Patterns])
. • " . - • ,
Ghnstmas Presents
. LADIES, when in search of presents for
your husbands, fathers or .mothers, visit
our. store.
\/ \/ ' GENTLEMEN, when in search- of pires-
psCT ents for your wives, sisters, mothers or sweet-
I heart, visit our store. We have something
that is appropriate for everybody. It is
worth your while to" see what we , have, even
if you do not buy.
PHARMACY ( Robt. I. Kerr ) JACKSON^
Special Small. Ads.
Advertisements under tbis head,' not exceed-
ing 5 lines, will be Inserted at 50c per month, or
5 cents per line for less than one month.
"Vf"OUNTAIN RANCH FOR SALE:— A tract
lU. ot 60 acres, situated one mile above Aque-
duct, with a six-room house thereon; also a
small barn; 20 acres cleared and fenced; quan-
tity of timber on the property. The place will
be sold at a bargain. For particulars apply to
the Ledger office. my22-tt
"VirANTED — A FAITHFDL PERSON TO
TV travel for well established house in a
few counties, calling on retail merchants and
agents. Local territory. Salary $20.00 per
week with expenses additional, all payable in
cash each week. Money for expenses advan-
ced. Position permanent. Business success-
ful and rushing. Standard House, 330 Dear-
born St., Chicago.
•p EGEIPT BOOKS, for rent or general pur-
x\. poses, in books of 60 or 100 each, for sale at
the Ledger office. Specially printed for A\na-
dor county. 250 per 100. receipts, 150 for SO.
UILDING LOTS FRONTING ON STUMP
and Center streets; lots 60s 130 te«t; for
sale cheap. Apply Ledger offloo.
TH»CREAnOPPCRf£CTIQri \ OSfe, .
in iMt StLF OPttllHi; C«T t t«e " V^J
: THE LLOVO CO. \ T-F'^fev
VSJSIIt C£B ouk C«T/«LOeufc .Ao k •>i \
College of Notre Dame
'. MARYS VILLE, CALIFORNIA.
Boarding and Day School conducted by the Sis-
ters of Notre Dame (Namur). Founded in 1556
The curlculum embraces all the branches of
c solid English education. Preparatory and
aaranced courses In art, language and music.
For further information address
•fJO-tt SISTER SUPERIOR.
MISCELLANEOUS. I
I Christinas is Coh
J ANU A FINE STOCK oJffiS
• Present Goods in Sterlif
• ......Silver...... >
5 MANICURE, TOILET AN
• OTHER SETS
Z Watches of most Modern Desigi
♦"dfcainjb .Broaches, Earrings, Sea
• Pins. Rings Tn-groit-varieT^
• : Diamonds and other Goods at re
0 sonable prices.
! J. H. LANGHORSi
UNJON HOUS
| | Jackson,
• f Amador;
Meals to Order at all He
REGULAR MEALS 25 CTB-
Board and Lodging by the i
. . Week or Month. ■
Frank Simcich - - 1c i 9 - - P
••••••••••••••••••••••a
I State House
,Hl■ H I ■ H
• ••••••• llUlvl •••••«
• 10th & X Sts., SacramenJ
a Freo Bus to and from Ilotig
• ; Special rates to families and, l
• .. ' largo partios. ' -.-".'■
5 Rates $1.00, $1.25, $1,501
S $2.00 per day. i
• Headquarters for Amador couni
« people. .Packages cared for
• ' free of charge.*' j "■;
S " -*r MEALS "25 CENTS '-fr
• Amador Ledger : received i evei
J; Sunday. Phone No. 101.^.
5 J. L. Flanagan, Ma nagm
m : . mys> ■ j
tnr m Frult and i
I N L L V Ornamental I
II I fl Shade Trees fo|
IIIL L U street and RoaJ
Olives, Oranges. Lemon
Grape Vines, Resisting V
NUT TREES:
JORDAN ALMOj
Chestnut, Walnut and Pistachio *
'■ —
Complete Stock of Large Palms, Eyerg-
. Roses, Climbers and Flowering Shrt
New Catalogue of 73 pages mailed Ire
California Nursery
John Rock, Manager. :' Nile's, f(
\ :"'-:-
Buggy Harnes
'£.'•. - civci p ■
M • • • Olllvl*C • • • •
$16, $18. $20, $25
*** $30 per set.
P. PICCARPJ
Buggy Robes 1
! from $2.50 ul
1 JACKSON -.- - - -CA«
Hugh "/Casej
SPEc r CES WHOLES]
J. A. Miller Bourbon M
Hermitage " I I fill Oil
Old Crow » ■ . LIUUUM
Buhwood' " nrnia
A.Keller i ; rill
UL II IM
Helwood " 1
Nuttwood „" SacramcJ
Finch'siWeddingEye ' Cal.
5 NATIONAL
1 JACKSON, CAL.
| BEST OF UCOMHODITIOI
2 Rates $1.00 to $3.00 a Da
S -OFFICE FOR AIX-
S STAGE XINES
I Frank A. Yoorheis - Prof
IMMlHtMNimitMltlBRIEF LOCAL NEWS
OF THE WEEK
Sort News Items of Interest to the
"Ledger Headers.— Young Garabaldi
Brought Home from San Francisco.
A Merry Christmas to all.
For a box of nice candy call at Cade
ma rtori's.
Mamie aud Will Norman are home
from collego for their vacation.
Pioneer Flour is the "Lily of the
-V-afevr**-th»-/^r'carl of Perfection^ —
W..F. Dotert left for tho city Sunday
morning, to spend the holiday season.
Nothing will please an invalid as well
as a package of those fancy cakes from
Caminetti's Mkt.
Ernest Spagnoli, a student of St.
Matthew's College at Saa Ma too, is
home for the holiday vacation.
Harry McCoy, ■ who is working in
Sacramento, came up last Saturday
to be at home during the holidays.
C. W. Schacht, Dentist, Webb build
ing Hours — 9 to 12 a. ra; Itosp. m.
Saturdays 9 to 12 a. m; 1 to 4 p. m.
, Miss Rachel Brcese, who has been
attending high school in Oakland, has
returned home to spend the holidays.
Miss Emily Angove, who has been at
school in Grass Valley for some time,
is .visiting her parents.
■ Our new velvet nullifitjrs would make
a handsome Christmas gift; Call and
see them. I Jaek>on Shoo Store.
Measles are quite prevalent around
Jackson just now. There are from 15
to 20 cases. It is not deemed necessary
to enforce quarantine in such cases.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Kennedy Mining Company held in San
Francisco last Monday, Web Smith,
present incumbent, was re-elected
suparintondent for the en.'uing year.
An Austrian miner named Peter
Lakovich had his left baud severely
crushed by a timb<>r rolling or falling
on it while working in the" Gwin mine
last week. He is under treatment in
Jack ? on.
' J. W. Craigbcat! jrot back to Jack
son the latter part of lust wook, after
an absenco from the county of nearly
six months. Ho has been most of the
time in tbu lumber regions of Hum
boldt county, and speaks iv high praise
of the prosperity and resources of that
section. »
• One day last week a do<r belonging to
Mrs. Johns bit Harvey Clark's" boy in
the arm, inflicting an ugly wound,' re
quiring theaorvic.es <>f a iloetor to dress.
The Johns boy thereafter, to avoid any
furtbor"trout>le of the kind, shot the
dog.'
Agents for t.lie colxbratod Kingsbury
'hat. Best band-made baton earth.
Jackson Shoe Store.
/ Robt. Goldner, who has been away
/from Jackson for nearly a year, return
ed last week. He has been mostly in
the southern part of tho state, in Los
Angeles and Riverside. Ho thinks the
foothills of Ainador far preferable from
a climatic poiut of view, to the much
'vaunted southern section.
Peter Boscheri, a miner, died at the
Gwin mine on tho 15th instant of
miner's consumption, after a lingering
illness. He was a married man. The
funeral took place Saturday in Jack
son, where the deceased formerly lived.
1 Many from the Gwin mine came over
'. to attend the funeral.
Thomas Edward Holgao, a native of
Great Britain, declared his intention to
become a citizen on the 11th instant,
and Paolo Avanzino, a native of Italy,
made similar declaration on the 15th.
David Basso, also of Italy, made decla
ration on tho 30th of November.
Antone Boskaritza has returned to his
former hauuts In Ainador county. He
has recently been discharged, after
serving a term of 7 years less 27 months
for credits. He looks well, and was
around tho court houso early in the
week making inquiries concerning his
! restoration to citizenship.
Wo have the largest assortment of
misses' and children's shoes ever
brought to town. Every pair guaran
teed. Jackson Shoe Store.
The members of tho Miners' Union
of Jackson gave a dramatic and vaude
ville performance It) Love's hall last
.Saturday evening, to a crowded house.
The spectators included many from
Gwin mine, Amador City and other
outside towns. From a financial stand
point the affair was highly satisfactory,
the gross receipts being in tho neigh
borhood of $150. It is reported that
the proceeds aro to be devoted to form
ing a fund for fixing up a hall for the
organization.
Emanuel Garibaldi, of - near Slab
town, last Friday brought his son,
Antone, home from San Francisco.
The boy was shot in the hip by the ac
xidental discharge of a gun in the hands
of a relative. For nearly seven months
he has been under treatment at the
children's hospital in San Francisco.
He is between 11 and 12 years of age.
: The wound was a very serious one, the
whole charge of small shot striking
j him at short range. For wceics his life
trembled in the balance. The injured
'leg is considerably shorter than the
f other, and he will bo a cripple ali his
i life, x He is now able to got around on
, crutches, and can walk without crutch
es, but the doctors advise him not to
do so at present. He is robust and
hearty otherwise, and his parents are
j overjoyed at his return to the family
i circle.
Al.- Jones, tho deer-slayer, was in
Jackson Monday. After the dismissal
of the suit against him, be gathered up
tho trophy of his oxpertness with the
rifle— the deer antlers which had been
brought to town, with the idea o^mak
ing the same an exhibit in the case, but
which were never introduced — and jubi
lantly conveyed the same back home.
Ha traveled through Main street as a
victor, showing the horns to every one
he knew on the street, and receiving
the congratulations of the people on
the very proper outcome of the pro
«oQdiogß which had been instituted.
A Narrow Escape.
During Sheriff Norman's absence last
week, he had an opportunity of meet
ing convict Murphy at the . Folsom
prison. Murphy was one of the gang
of escapes that was followed into the
mountains of El Dorado and Amador
counties. Murphy told Norman of the
narrow escape of the sheriff's posse
from running into the lair of the out
laws at Leek Springs Mountain. The
convicts were encamped within half a
mile of the officers, who were In plaiD
view of them. They had purposely
left a broad and easily, distinguished
trail, for^the' purpose of inviting pur
suit.,-Tho smoke of the camp fire was
H&gii ascending from the narrow gorge.
'But the posse wisely concluded not to
follow. Murphy says the outlaws could
easily, have picked them off one after
another as they approached. On an
other occasion, the convict admitted
that his side had a close call of being
captured. They would have run fairly
into the arms of Norman's men, had
not two cattlemen given them infor
mation of the officer's whereabouts.
This was in the vicinity of Silver lake.
All through the campaign there was
manifested a disposition on the part of
those on tho road or settlers to give in
formation to the fugitives that would
tend to aid them in making good their
16 ' i
An Unjust Law
rr»
A few days ago a young man named
Lefanti, of Jackson, shot and killed a
meadow lark. He was arrested and
fined $-5 for violating the game law.
This special law is one of the most
assinino ever placed on the statue book.
The meadow lark Is one of the most
destructive of birds, and there is not a
rancher but would be pleased to have
a bounty placed on its scalp instead of
paying a penally for its destruction. —
lone Echo.
We concur. A (lock of meadow larks
will go through a crop of grain when
just sprouting above the ground, and
utterly destroy it in a short time, pull
ing the grain up by the roots. A
farmer near Jackson, hearing of this
fine, reported that his grain crop was
being ruined by these destructive birds.
He proposed to apply to the authorities
for permission to shoot them to protect
his property. He was mot with the ob
jection that it was not in the power of
the local authorities vo suspend or
nullify a state law in the interest of
anyone. Evidently such a law emanated
from city legislators, who take their
cue from the bird's singing qualities,
but have never witnessed its work on a
field of growing grain.
Death and Funeral.
The funeral of Nelson Chester, eldest
son of Mr. aud Mrs. Edward Maher,
was held from tho family residence in
Cam po ' Seco,' Calaveras ; county, last
Tuesday afternoon, and was largely
attended. . A choir consisting of Miss
Gertrude Borger, Miss- flattie Creigh
ton, Mrs. Ed Pattee and George Graves,
rendered ' suitable selections,' and the
Rev. Chas. Swithenbjink of the Valley
Spring M. E. church, delivered an ap
propriate discourse, j
Nelson Chester Maher was born Jn
Jackson, April 26, 1887. He graduated
from the Campo Seco public school last
year, and wax attending the Wilder
mi ngr Mechanical school when taken 111.
Ho came home on Wednesday, the
16lh inst., and was compelled to take
to what proved to be his death-bed.
All that love and skill could do was
done to alleviate his suffering, until the
end came on last Sunday afternoon. |
The deceased was universally recog
nized as a bright and promising young
man. All who knew him speak of him
In terras of highest praise.\ The pupils
of the Campo Seco school contributed
a beautiful floral piece, and each scholar
deposited a floral wreath on tho grave,
among other floral . tributes from
friends. The pallbearers were: Masters
Dave Berry jr. , Robert Rigglos, Charlie
Bates, Felix Salone, Noovey Cook and
Paul Velliagas.
Suit to Quiet Title.
The case of William Scoble vs. T. J.
Seavey and F. A. Orr,- occupied three
days in the superior court last week,
commencing Thursday and continuing
until Saturday. The suit was insti
tuted to quiet title to a certain - quartz
claim in Plymouth district, known as
the Champion mine, which Scoble has
held for a number of years. In 1901 F.
A. Orr re-located the claim,- on the
ground of non-performance of assess
ment work for tha year 1900. Scopje
had filed his proof of labor, alleging
$100 worth of work for that year. The
correctness of this was attacked by the
defense, It being claimed that the nec
essary amount of work was not done.
A number of witnesses from Plymouth
were examined on each side. C. H.
Crocker represented the plaintiff and
W. J. McGee the defense. The case
was concluded Saturday evening, and
submitted to the court for decision.
WiU pnild.
The Odd Fellows of Jackson, at their
last meeting, decided to build another
story over their lodge room. The or
ganization has been greatly handi
capped by the lack of a banquet room,
and as there is an agitation looking to
the building of a new fraternal hall,
with all conveniences for lodge pur
poses, it was considered imperative,
upon the order to do something' to
meet the circumstances. The addition
will be of brick, making the building
three stories high. The upper room
will be used for lodge purposes, while
the second floor, where the lodge *room
Is now, will be arranged for a banquet
room and other conveniences. The
contract for the work has not been let
at present. The order is desirous of
keeping the expense to about $2500. A.
Ratto and A. H. Kuhlman are now
preparing two sets of plans and
specifications, which will be sub
mitted to the members at their next
meeting, to-morrow evening, at which
time it is expected one or other of the
plans will bo adopted, and the con
tract let.
Have' you seen our new line of men's
slippers. Styles to suit everyone.
Jackson Shoo Store.
THE; AIkTADOR LEDGER;;/ JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1903.
Additional Locals.
Frozen oysters, 50c per can, at Cami
netti's market.
Give us daily some good bread. Pio
neer Flour makes the best.
J. F. Wilson, Dentist. Hours 9a. ra.
to sp. m. Phone Main 404. Jackson,
Miss Trask, the writing, teacher, is
spending the holidays with her cousin,
Mrs. Bright. • . '
Attorney D. B. Spagnoli has been
confined to tho house all the week with
a severe cold. '
The Middle Bar school was closed all
last week on account of the prevalence
of whooping cough in the district.
Mrs. Ashley, of Sau Francfsco, came
up Monday to ' spend . Christmas with
her daughter, Mrs. Phil Roberts.
Frank Stribley, who ; has been em
ployed at Sonora for several months,
is home on a Christmas vacation with
his mother, Mrs. Fleming.
S Champagne Wafers in dainty pack
ages or in bulk. Just the thing to
serve with icecream. Call for them at
P. Casslnelli's,
Joe Cademartori, who is now located
at Sonora, Calaveras county, has been
shaking hands with old * friends here
abouts this week. . ;
' Francisco' Davalle, native of Italy,
was made a citizen on Dec. 11th on the
testimony of John R. Dick and Virgillo
Podesta.
John A. Deluccht, the dentist of Sut
te'r Creek, will be in. Volcano for ten or
twelve days, commencing December 24;'
to practice his profession.'
Miss Agnes Newman, who has been
attending the state normal school at
Chico, returned home last week, to
spend the holidays with her parents. ,
A. H. Kuhlman and wife left Wednes
day morning for Napa City, to spend
the holidays with the latter's relatives.
They expect to return in about two
weeks.
Mrs. S. G. Spagnoli, Mrs. Clarence
Parker, and Benny Spagnoli came up
early this week from Richmond, to
spend the holidays with relatives in
Jackson.
• J.H. Tibbetts, formerly- assembly
man from Amador county, was in Jack
son and Sutter Creek last week, giving
the glad hand to his many friends in
this section. ■
B. J. Watson, from Nevada county,
formerly state senator of that county,
has been in Jackson the past week. He
is representing the Pacific Coast Miner,
and Interviewing the mining men of
this vicinity : . in the interest ' of j that
publication. .
The fire walls of the Amador Bank
building are being protected by a cov
ering of tiu. ,G. W.-Weller.is doing
the work. The ordinary plaster used
to protect brick walls against dampness,
is not proof against the frost. It soon
peels off, leaving the bare - brick ex
posed to absorb the water and moist p re.
John H. Moon, formerly of i the Led
ger office but no w .of Anderson 's job
office at Sacramento, spent his Christ
mas vacation with his parents at Ama
dor City. On Wednesday, accompan
ied by John Hambley, he visited his
friends in Jackson.
Albino Belluomini, wife of Virgilio
Belluomini, returned from San Fran
cisco recently^and is now seriously sick
with bronchitis. She went to the city
for treatment for her eyes about two
months ago, and there contracted the
throat and lung trouble from whioh
she is now suffering.
At Aetna school last Friday, on the
occasion of the closing of the school for
the holiday vacation, a Christmas fes
tival was had. Miss Rose Bernlch was
arrayed as Santa Claiis, and. overy
scholar in the principal's room, (Miss
Driscoll) was presented with a box of
candy. I In Miss Badaraeca's class, the
pupils were made equally happy with a
bag of nuts and oranges.
A good piece of road work is being
done on Water street. A heavy coat
ing of greenstone from the Anita dump
has been spread from Main street to
opposite Ginocchio's fruit dryer. T-ho
entire road is to be treated in liko man
ner. Also Broadway street from Gin
occhio's to the main bridge has been
macadamized.* If good drainage is
provided, this work ought to, keep
these parts of the streets, - admittedly
among the worst thoroughfares in
town, in good condition for years. The
county, assisted by residents along the
streets, is doing the work.
Redlick's store inaugurated a new
departure this year it) connection with
the festival season. Last Saturday
afternoon the store was literally swarm
ed with children and grown-up folks,
the little . ones attracted by the an
qouncement pf a f roo gift distribution
at 2:30 that day, Everyr boy or girl
that visited the place between certain
hours, received some token of \ the
event. They were all made happy with
a donation' of .candy ; or some other
memento of the kindly recognition of
this well-known house. -..-..-.
Mrs. W. C. Johns was suddenly call
ed to San Francisco last Monday, on
receipt of a message from the nurse at
the' hospital stating that Mr. Johns
was somewhat wprse. Mr. Johps wept
to the city several weeks ago to bo
treated for a disabled hand, caused by
being struck with a rock in' the Zeila.
Mrs. Johns went with him, but returned
home last week, her husband being so
far along the road to recovery that It
was expected that he would bo able to
return home by Christmas. Mrs. Johns
left at once on receipt of the message,
but has since sent word that Mr. Johns
is doing nicely, and there was no cause
for alarm.
Foresters of America.
Tho following officers were elected
December 22d for the ensuing year:
George Huberty, Chief Ranger; A.
B. Goldenberg, Sub Chief Ranger; A.
Goldnor, Treasurer; H. Weil, Fin. Sec;
H. Gobish, Rec. Sec.; Geo: Wocherle,
Senior Woodward; E. Dufrone, Junior
Woodward! A. Lubemier, Senior
Beadel; Joe Ratto, Junior Beadel; J.
R. Avise, Lecturer; P. Sanguinetti and
A. L. Coset, Trustees; E."E. Endicott,
Court Physician; A. Goldner, . Court
Druggist,
MINING NEWS OF
AMADOR COUNTY
The Additional Twenty Stamps at the
Kennedy Hearing Completion— South
Eureka Running Along as of Yore.
Argonaut.— At this mine the un
waterlng of the shaft will soon be in
order. •- It is intended to drain it below
the 1600 foot level, and open up a level
at that depth. The 1500 drift is fullof
water, so that nearly 300 feet of the
shaft will be unwatered, in addition to
the 1500 drift. - ,
South , Eureka. —At this mine
nearly 40 men are now employed. The
men are being put back to work as fast
as places can be found for them. There
was some dissatisfaction manifested by
the union miners last week on account
of alleged discrimination against one of
their members. This, however, has
passed over without trouble, and every
thing appears to be running smoothly
and satisfactorily.
Climax.— At this mine they are
putting up a two-stamp mill, and ex
pect to get started in crushing ore in a
few days. It is claimed that with- the
two stamps, from 15 to 20 tons per day
can be crushed. The Climax is the old
Reed & Askey property near Wieland.
Placer Mining at Volcano.—
Several placer mines in the vicinity of
VQlcano are ready .to start, but are
waiting until .the debris commissioners
approve of the restraining dams. The
law is found to he. a great hardship to
the owners of small placer mines, such
as are found in this county. All are
required before starting to secure a
permit from the. commissioners. As
the brush dams become filled up, it is
incumbent upon. them to build them
higher. Whenev«r this is done, tho
work must bo inspected ■by a commis
sioner and approved by him before
mining can be resumed. This requires
time, and it happens that the best of
the working season . passes by In idle
ness before the official sanction can be
-> -•■•" • ■ : • ' -
Kennedy.— We visited the east shaft
of this mine during the past week, and
found the additional twenty stamps to
the mill rapidly approaching comple
tion. The mortars are all in place, also
the concentrators. Tho work remain
ing to be done consists of setting the
cam shaft and other machinery for the
stamps, also the outside plates.- This
work will require two or three weebs
to complete, w ith the force of mechanics
now on the job. 'It is expected that
the new stamps will not be started be
fore February. When completed this
60-stamp mill will be a model In every
respect. It is the finest piece of work
of the kind, not only along the mother
lode, but In the state. ; Everything, is
arranged with a strict regard to con
venience and efficiency. A clean-up
room is arranged in the central part of
the new addition, and from this room
all tho batteries, plated, and concen
trators are in view. The sulphurets as
they are gathered from the concen
trator troughs, are dumped in a loose,
state through an opening to the floor
of the sulphurets building, whore they
are sacked, and lontj<*d on wagons, and
taken to the chlorl nation works. There
is no hoisting' to be done, and hence the
work is easily and quickly accomplish?
cd. Between three apd four tons qf
sulphurets are saved per day at each
mill, making about 7 tons per day with
the present -milling capacity of 80
stamps. With 100 stamps in operation
the output is expected to reach close to
10 tons dally. The big hoist is steadily
gaining in favor. Notwithstanding the
diversity of opinion that prevailed at
first regarding its suitability for the
conditions, it is now voted just about
the thing for the work.
Debate on the Panama Issue-
Last Friday' night, for the purpose
of awakening an interest in the Ep
worth League in connection with the
M. E. church, a debate took place on
tho question, "Resolved, that the atti
tude of the United States toward the
Panama Republic is justifiable.". There
was a fair attendance, and the pros and
cons, were ably and vigorously argued
by the respective advocates. U. G.
Spagnoli and W.H. Greenhalgh took
the affirmative, whilo the negative was
looked after by W. S. Williams and
Jas. Jay Wright. The judges of the
merits of the discussion were Rev. F.
A. Morrow, W, E). l^ent, aqd A. Q.
ftuhltnan, who by a unanimous ' vote
held that tho affirmative side had the
better of the argument. After the de
bate, enchilados and other refresh
ments were served.
SUPERIOR COURT.
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
W. Scoblo vs. T. J. Seavy, adminis
trator, and F. A. Orr — Trial had, and
case submitted.
Estate of Agostino Gratfigna — Final
account and petition for distribution
filed; December 30 appointed for hear
ing same.
Estate of Ida Chichizola Ron no—Con
tinued until Dec. 28.
Estate of A. Chichizola— Continued
until Dec. 28.
Estate of Margaret Brown— Final ac
count settled and allowed. Tho whole
of estate consisting of real estate In Sut
ter Creek valued at $3000 distributed
to Martha V., and Mary W. Brown In
equal shares.
Estate, of Richard Allen— Geo. M.
Huberty appointed administrator. . . ■
Estate of Elizabeth W. Withington—
Final account settled, and decree of dis
tribution granted.
v Qscar E. Martin vs. J. E. Bullard—
Hearing of motion to dismiss continued
Until December 28.
: P. Deragnia vs. John Milojovlch —
Hearing of motion to set case for trial
continued. until December 26.
\ A. Frederickson V 6. George Yager —
Hearing of motion for removal of re
ceiver continued until December 26.
Methodist Church Services-
• Tho services next Sunday "will be
more than ordinarily interesting. Tho
pastor's subject iv the morning will be
"What message did Christmas bring
you?" • In the evening the subject of
the discourse will be, "Have I any
pleasure that the wicked should die?"
Xtnas music morning and evening.
Come and enjoy the day with us.
For a good potatoe try Caminotti's
Burbanka. - — ;> ,
The Deer Cases Dismissed.
Realizing the futility of attempting a
second trial of the now celebrated deer
cases against R. Webb, editor of the
Ledger, and A. Jones, the district a^,
torney moved last Monday in Justice
Goldnor's »;ourt that the same bo dis
missed, and both . were accordingly
wiped from the docket. The case
against Jones was never tried at all.
There was never shown any disposition
to try it. The animus of the whole af
fair was directed against the editor, for
simply making complimentary men
tion in his paper of the receipt of
a parcel of venison at the Ledger. This
act was magnified into mortal crime,
worthy of heavy fine and imprisonment,
in accordance with an idiotic law passed
by the last legislature prohibiting hav
ing deer meat in one's possession in
tho closed season. Neither the Ledger
nor the donor of the deer meat knew
of the existence of such a law at the
time, and we venture jto say not one in
ten of the members of the local 'game
club knew It either. Ignorance is no
excuse for a violation of the law. All
persons are charged with a knowledge
of the law. This is all very well as a
rule, but do man can be charged with
knowledge of a law that is absolutely
absurd.- And when such a law is sought
to be enforced in a manner that would
have no tendency whatever to promote
the object which the law-makers had
in view by its passage — as was tho case
against the editor of the Ledger— the
only conclusion that can be reached is
that those behind the movement were
beside themselves with .malice. - To
some it may seem strange that the Led
ger inserted the four or ■ five lino item
that caused all this furore.' The expla
nation Is easy, and those who . play
strict and loose with the game laws at
one and the same time might have had
the explanation. for the asking. Last
year Mr. Jones left a piece of venison
at the Ledger office, at the same time
requesting that no mention be made of
It. This year on leaving the meat, he
made no request that It be not mention
ed. . Hence the inference of the editor,'
that he had no objection to a compli
mentary notice, which was given.
That is all there was to this "tempest
in a teapot." We sincerely pity the
misguided individuals who allowed
themselves to be led into sucb a move
ment. Public sentiment— that sensitive
Index of the national character which
never fails to come to the front in |an
emergency— frowned upon it from the
outset. "Shameful,";- "outrageous,"
"contemptible, " were among the
epithets applied to the scheme through
out the county. As any sensible man
mlgtft have foreseen, the affair . has
proven a boomerang. It has exploded
In the camp of the plotters. The
chagrin, the soreness, and . cheap-john
feeling are all on that side of the issue.
From one end of the state to the other
this amazing legal farce Is being be
littled and ridiculed.
AMADOR CITY.
Amador City, December 23.
Miss Cook of Sisson, came to spend a
few weeks with her aunt, Mrs. Dunlap.
WiU Richards came up from San
Francisco, Friday, to spend the holi
days with his parents. Walter Hart
wick also returned Friday evening.
Dr. Freshman was called away last
week to visit his son, who was quite ill
with typhoid fever. .
Mrs. T. Curran has gone to spend
the holidays with her parents at* San
Francisco.
Miss Paisy Fo? came down from Pine
Grove Sunday - and will spend part of
her vacation with friends here.
Mrs. Setzer is visiting her daughter
at Angels Camp this week.
Mrs. A. ■ Doman and daughter,
Maeme, of Santa Cruz, called on Ama
dor friends Monday. .'. : [••
Amador school closed Friday for a
two weeks' vacation.
The entertainments given at the M.
E. church on Thursday and Friday
evenings by the Adams sisters were
well attended and highly appreciated
by all.
; Everett Martin, who has been attend
ing the Marysville high school, came
home Sunday to spend his vacation at
home. ■ »E. Lois." -
A Pleasant Surprise, j
Mr. and Mrs. A. Noce entertained a
number of friends most delightfully
last Saturday evening at their home at
the Oneida as a farewell to their son,
Emmet, and niece,- Miss Lola Thomp
son; who will depart for college in the
pear future. There was dancing dur
ing the evening, music being furnished
by an orchestra. Various games, were
played. An elaborate supper was ser
ved at midpight, after which all de
parted,- wishing Master ' Ernest and
Miss Lola success. • Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. A. Noce, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. D. Caml
nettl, Mr. and Mrs. H. Love, Misses
Ruth and Gladys Noce, Lola, Rebecca,
Gertrude and - Frances Thompson,
Theresa, Jennie and Dorsolina Ratto,
Irene, Etta and Millie Glusto, Mary
Perano, Mary, Ida and Amelia Raggo,
Margaret Curran and Cora Culbert of
Amador City; Messrs. Emmet and John
Noce, James and Sam Parks, Joseph
and John Ratto, Leonard Rice, Julius
and Tony PeranQ, Joseph Calllgari,
Henry Stark, John, Joe and Lewis
Ragglo. Ernest Osborne, Joe Carara,
Lawrence Splnetti.
ZWIBGE'S CELEBEATED SYRUP
OF HERBS
For Conghg, Colds, Sore Throat, Con
sumption, Croup, Diphtheria,.
Wm-, twinge. San Andreas, Cal,
Sir: — After a thorough trial 'of
Zwingo'a Cough Remedy, I can truth
fully say that It Is the best cure I have
ever tried for whooping cough, colds,
sore throats, . etc. ' It Is especially
effaolous for such troubles In children.
- Mrs. G. D. Calvin.
i May be had of all Jackson druggists.
SCHOOL APPORTIONMENT.
Name at District. "
f
9-
g.
9
1
I
!
Aetna OS 134 55 1330 DO
Amailor City 227 47 85 630 80
Antelope 16 12 35 133 20
Bridgeport (joint) 5 330 3000
Buena Vista 34 16 05 166 50
CampOpra 11 12 35 133 20
Carbondale 23 16 05 1(18 au
Charity 23 J« OS 166 50
Charleston 211 16 05 166 50
Clinton  87 16 05 166 50
Drytown , 74 19 00 103 15
Enterprise, 31 12 35 133 20
Forest Home 21 16 05 166 50
Franklin 28 16 05 166 50
Gilbert 33 16 05 166 50
Grapevine U 12 35 133 20
lone 254 47 55 690 00
Jackson 450 67 55 1225 00
Jackson Valley 26 16 05 166 50
Julian 38 16 05 166 50
LanohaPlana 24 16 05 166 50
♦Middle Bar 15 . 6 25 78 25
Middle Fork 28 16 05 166 50
Milligan 29 16 05 166 50
Mount Echo 24 16 05 166 50
Mountain Springs 21 16 05 1M 50
New York Ranch 35 16 05 186 50
Oleta 45 16 05 166 50
Oneida 07 34 55 333 00
♦Pigeon Creek 17 7 36 88 35
Pine Grove 52 16 05 ■ 166 50
Pioneer 42 16 05 166 50
Plymouth 146 3S 99 372 96
Quartz Mountain 21 16 05 166 50
Rancherla ,. H 12 35 133 20
Slate Creek 12 12 35 133 20
Spring Valley 17 12 35 133 20
Stony Creek 18 12 35 133 20
Sutter Creek 328 47 55 875 00
Union 13 12 35 133 20
Volcano 65 16 05 168 50
Williams „ 33 16 05 166 50
Willow Springs 16 12 85 133 20
Totals.... 2537 $830 79 *9844~41
Unapportionea balance, $310 13
G«Q, w. Gorton, School Supt,
f
9-
g.
9
1
Name at District. "
Aetna OS 134 55 1330 DO
Amailor City 227 47 85 630 80
Antelope 16 12 35 133 20
Bridgeport (joint) 5 330 3000
Buena Vista 34 16 05 166 50
CampOpra 11 12 35 133 20
Carbondale 23 16 05 1(18 au
Charity 23 J« OS 166 50
Charleston 211 16 05 166 50
Clinton  87 16 05 166 50
Drytown , 74 19 00 103 15
Enterprise, 31 12 35 133 20
Forest Home 21 16 05 166 50
Franklin 28 16 05 166 50
Gilbert 33 16 05 166 50
Grapevine U 12 35 133 20
lone 254 47 55 690 00
Jackson 450 67 55 1225 00
Jackson Valley 26 16 05 166 50
Julian 38 16 05 166 50
LanohaPlana 24 16 05 166 50
♦Middle Bar 15 . 6 25 78 25
Middle Fork 28 16 05 166 50
Milligan 29 16 05 166 50
Mount Echo 24 16 05 166 50
Mountain Springs 21 16 05 1M 50
New York Ranch 35 16 05 186 50
Oleta 45 16 05 166 50
Oneida 07 34 55 333 00
♦Pigeon Creek 17 7 36 88 35
Pine Grove 52 16 05 ■ 166 50
Pioneer 42 16 05 166 50
Plymouth 146 3S 99 372 96
Quartz Mountain 21 16 05 166 50
Rancherla ,. H 12 35 133 20
Slate Creek 12 12 35 133 20
Spring Valley 17 12 35 133 20
Stony Creek 18 12 35 133 20
Sutter Creek 328 47 55 875 00
Union 13 12 35 133 20
Volcano 65 16 05 168 50
Williams „ 33 16 05 166 50
Willow Springs 16 12 85 133 20
Totals.... 2537 $830 79 *9844~41
Unapportionea balance, $310 13
G«Q, w. Gorton, School Supt,
THE OLD RELIABLE
Absolutely Pure
THERE IS NO SUBSTITUTE
BOARD OF EDUCATION.
Meeting for Granting and Eenewal of
,x Certificates.
The county Board of Education me 4
in Jackson on Saturday, December 19,
all the members being present. This
meeting was for the purpose of acting
on applications for renewal of certifi
cates and other j matters, and not for
the examination of , applicants. The
examination for teachers', certificates is
now conducted yearly, instead of semi
annually as heretofore.
The minutes of last meeting were
read and approved .
The following were recommended for
state life grammar-school diplomas:
Misses Nettie E. B. Morrow, Florence
M. Lowry, and Margaret Schillings.
Grammar grade certificates wero re
newed to the following: Mrs. Edna B.
Myers, Mrs. Ida M. Reed, Miss Rose
M. Lawlor, Mrs. Geo. C. Hobron, Mrs.
Lena Payne, Mrs. Evalino Ballantine,
Miss Jeanette Llthgow. Miss Gilla A.
Mack, Miss Florence M. Lowry, and
Fred Frates.
The following named persons were
granted grammar grade certi ficates con
ditionally upon applications being duly
made for same, and the payment of the
required fee: Clarence G. Fassett, Chas.
B. Taylor,' Eugene B. Williams, Arthur
S. Fleming and Roy V. Stedes.
Renewal of high school certificates
were granted to Mrs. Rosa F. Barnetib
and Jas. S. Clark.
. Henrietta Smith was granted a gram
mar school certificate on credentials. ./
John R. Steades was granted a high
school certificate on credentials.
The teachers who were absent at the
teachers' Institute recently held in Vol
cano, were excused for non-attendance,
having furnished 'satisfactory reasons
therefor.
The new grammar grade United
States History was adopted as a text
book, and the same was subdivided to
accommodate tho respective grades as
follows: From page 1 to Chapter 19,
page 241, was assigned to the Bth grade;
from, and including Chapter 19 to the
completion of the book, was assigned
to the 9th grade, i .*'
It. was decided that grammar grade
examinations for graduation diplomas
be based on the pupils' work during the
ninth year.
One Hundred Dollars a -Box.
is tho value H. A. Tisdale, Summerton,
S. C, places on DeWitt's Witch Hazel
Salvo. He«*ays: " I had the piles for
20 years. ' I tried many doctors and
medicines, but all failed except De-
Witt's Witch Hazel Salve. It cured
me." It is a combination of the heal
ing properties of Witch Hazel with
antiseptics and emollients; relieves and
permanently! cures blind, bleeding,
itching and protruding piles, sores,
cuts, bruises, eczema, salt rheum and
all skin diseases. Sold by Kerr's Phar
macy, Jackson.
Lost, between the Union House and
Thomas' butcher shop, a gold pin, em
blem of the Companion of the Forest.
The finder will please return same to
Union House.
Advortlse in the Ledger.
|j GOODS^_ | |[
|1 We extend a Merry Christmas to ||
*g all our many patrons. jt
i From this date until Jan. Ist, we 1
m will sell all Holiday Stock If
Jb.55 • * - ■ 1 • fl _i_ • ?y
|| at a big reduction. j^
I
!
To Cure .a Cold in One Day J^^
.Take Laxative Bromo gmssne Tabicts.>^ > Z &?$&
jS^SMDIicn boxes sold In pest 12 months. This signatPTe, V* <^ y^* r^rJ > ?Vrr9*
School Entertainment at Clinton.
Clinton school observed Christmas in
a very appropriate manner in Clinton
hall, which was decorated most beauti
fully with ferns, holly-berries, : cedar
and mistletoe, by the teacher, assisted
by Mr. and Mrs. John Ehlers. A
Christmas tree was : furnished for the
occasion which was handsomely decor
ated and adorned with lighted candles.
Quite a large number of friends, among
whom were . parties - from .Volcano,
Amador City and other places attend
ed, and all went away very pleased.
The program of the j occasion , was as
follows: -
Recitation, 'Christmas wishes," Jas.
Ferrasci; recitation, "Xmas time," Ja
net Lavezzo, "Santo Claus," by ten
pupils; recitation, "My Xmas secrets,"
Delia Lagomarsino; recitation, "Santa
Claus," Edith Quirolo; song, "Jingle
bells," by the school;. recitation, "Em
ily Janet" Mary Zuccone; recitation,
"Xmas questions," Roma Quirolo;
tableau, "True patriotism," Mario
Ehlers; song, Red, white and blue,?'
by the school; dialogue, "The stock
ing," by Tony Lavezzo, Albert Spi
nettl, Joe Lagomarsino and . Ceaira
Cassassa; drill by six girls; recitation,
"New yaar," Ella Drendel; recitation,
"A letter from Santa Claus," Nellie
Lavezzo; dialogue, "Days of the week,"
by seven pupils; recitation, "What the
stocking says," Lydia Ferrasci; recita
tion, "The mouse, " John Quirolo;
song, "Old Santa Claus," by the
school; recitation, "Dorothy's plan,"
Armenia '.; Cottlni; tableau, "Father
Time and New Year, " by Mr. Hutch
ins and Stephen Quirolo; dialogue, "A
Xmas reunion, " by tho school, follow
ed by a tableau.
The tableaux were represented in red
light, and blended in the most pleas
ing manner with the Christmas tree.
They were' very much applauded by
the school. The veterans of this dis
trict were delighted to see one of their
old comrades, Mr. Hutchins, acting the
part of "Father Time.' 1 The "Christ
mas Reunion," which was a reunion of
Father Christmas' and Mother Goose's
families, was rendered in' a most per
fect manner and was very much enjoy
ed by the audience, especially the part
where the children who were carrying
flags of all nations came in, led by
Marie Ehlers, who carried the Ameri
can flag and sang "Song of All Na
tions." Santa Claus found time to drop
in and shake hands with the children
in the Christmas Reunion, and surpris
ed them greatly, After the tableau
Santa Claus. who was represented by
Romeo Zuccone, took pleasure in pre
senting each child with a box of candy
and a bag of oranges' and apples.
After the performance all persons
agreed that too much praise cannot be
given to Miss Mayme Thomas, who has
been untiring in her efforts in coaching
her school children for, the occasion,
and all concerned thank her and wish
her success wherever she may instruct
young America. A Spectator.
To Cora A Cold In One Say
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tab
lets. All druggists refund the money
if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's sig
nature is on each box. 25c. •"- ' v
CAMP OPRA.
I The Camp Opra school closed'for the
holidays on Dec. 18th. 1 The following
program was rendered:
Recitation, "Kris Krlngle"— Alice
Russell. >
"Little Boy Blue"— Vincent Horton,
! 'Little Golden Hair"— Edna Russell.
Doll drill— School.
"Little Match Girl"— Eva Russell.
Play, "Rod Riding Hood," three
scenes.
"The Problem"— Gerald Horton.
After tho exorcises all played , games
and shared in the bounty' of a Xmas
tree. - T. H. ■ ■
Bad Indeed.
Losing flesh Is Indeed a bad j sign.
Take Scott's Emulsion for it. For
weak digestion, for defective nourish
ment, for consumption, take Scott's
Emulsion. It restores flesh because .t
strikes to the cause of the loss.
, Furniture at cost at Henry Weil's
office, back of former store, the White
House. Also house and lot for sale.
Charlie Tarn is home from San Fran
cisco- spending the holidays with his
parents.
Lemons, oranges, and bananas con
stantly on hand at Caminetti's Mkt. ■
Clarence Parker, who is an employe
of the railroad company at Richmond,
is visiting his relatives In Jackson. ,
I Le\i Strauss
I 6Cte
I Copper-riveted
I Overalls
PLYMOUTH.
Plymouth, Dec, 22.
Last Saturday evoning, \ Dec. 19th,
Plymouth Parlor No. 48, N. S. G. W.,
was visited by Grand Trustee Devoto,
a banquet being held in his honor. At
the previous meeting the following of
ficers were elected for the ensuing term,
and are to be installed on the first
meeting in January: Geo. Felker, Past
Pres.: Fred Ball, Pres.; Thos., Davis,
Ist Vice; John Bunker, 2d Vice; D.
Burke, 3d Vice"; F. B. Le Mom, „ Mar.;
S. K. Davis, Rec. and Fin. Secty; L.
Burke, Treas.j C. W. Catto, Trustee;
W.i A. Norman and E. V. Tiffany,
Surgeons.'
It is reported that Plymouth Parlor
No. 48, N. S. G.W., will give a -grand
ball here Jan. 16. '
Mrs. Annie Doman, accompanied by ;
her daughter, Miss Maeme, of Watson
ville, were visitors in town Monday and ;
Tuesday. For a number of years
they had made this place their home, '
until about nine months ago, when '
they moved to Watson ville. ' During
their stay here they ' made many true
friends, as they are both of a kind
and tender disposition,' and it was with
a feeling'of pleasure that 'their friends
welcomed them home," but' regretted
that their stay could not be permanent.
They returned to Sutter Tuesday after
noon, where they are the guests of Mr. •
and. Mrs.' McGee and family. 1 Mrs.
Doman is a sister of Wm. McGee. ;
Mr. ;and Mrs. H. E. Potter "are the
happy owners of a bouncing baby boy.
• Mrs. Parson has returned 3 from'
El Dorado. - Omego.'
Good for Children.
The pleasant to take and harmless
One Minute Cough Cure' gives immed
iate relief in | all cases of Cough, Croup
and LaGrippe because it does not pass
immediately ■ into the stomach, but >
takes effect right at the seat of the
trouble. It draws .out the inflamma
tion, heals and soothes and cures per
manently by enabling the lungs to con
tribute, pure live-giving , and life-sus
taining oxygen to the blood and tissues.
Dr. Armstrong of Delia, ; Tex., pre
scribes it daily and says there is no
better cough remedy made. Sold by
Kerr's Pharmacy, Jackson. *
The biggest values ever offered to
the people of Amador county can be
had at the New White House. We
are for business. Buy and sell for cash.
HI I Z1!/Z 1 !/ In Cattle can *«• prevented.
11l A I II CUTTER'S BUCK LEG VACCINE,
111 It I II California's favorite, the most suc-
||| Ul II cessful, easiest used and lowest
w ■■■ *•■ ■ priced reliable vaccine made.
mm f^Mm*. Powder, string or pill form. Write
B r^+ for free Black Leg Booklet.
I• L Mm THE CUTTER LABORATORY
HYP HQ San Francisco
■LJPi ■ 1 Ifyourdrugeistdoesnotstockour
HHV vaccines, order direct from us. >
Notice of Assessment.
Bunker Hill Consolidated Mining Company.
Location of principal place of business, Ama-
dor City, California.
-I^fOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, THAT AT
J3I a meeting of the Board of Directors, held
on the Hth day of December, 1903, an assess-
ment of ten (IU) cents per share was levied upon
the capital stock of the corporation, payable
immediately in United States gold coin, to the
Secretary of said corporation, at its office,
Amador City, Amador County, California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 33rd day of January, 1901,
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and, unless payment is made
before, will be sold on the Bth day of February,
1901, to pay the delinquent assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expenses
of sale. t*M
By order of the Board of Directors.
C. R. DOWNS. Secretary.
Office— Amador City, Amador Co., Cal. . d! 8J:f TOURIST RATES j
: SOUTHERN PAiIFIG R]R. I
1 ' ■'•■ y ■ •
i i The Great f - j |
I: Tourist Route ||
•: From the East |;
! ! '*■• - ■ -- ■ ■ i • " -~- . c '
i , Chicago ..:....: $33 I
1 » Hlooiningtou . : 32 n
| I Peoria. ...■ .31 ' '
ii St. Louis ..: ..30 2
1 ' New Orleans 30 > >
| I Council Bluffs 25 ' '
i i Omaha 25 ■', ',
1 • Sioux City ............' . . 25 n
; ; Kansas City 25 ' \
i > Houston ■-.. .25 2
; | E 0. HcCormick T. H. Goodman ' '
, ( . ' Pass, traffic Mgr. Gen. pass agt. ; | |
'I San Francisco, Cal. ' [
F.B.LeMDIN
".* Blacksmith,
■ Wishes to inform the public !
that he is now back to his old stand
. in vDrytown, and is fully equipped
to do all kinds of
Horseshoeing, Blacksmitbing,
And General Repairing.
Carts, Buggies and Grave Railings,
made to order. -
Also agent for all kinds of Carts,
Buggies, and Harness. ja9-titn
@viat DR. JORDAN'S o«»*
imMuseum of Anatomy
I WSflßa KiEEET ST. lot. 6tb * 7th, 3. T. Cid.
I^*3™ lie L«rgoatotiu kind iolho World.
I mM| We are cominmllj- «ddiu ? new ipecimeni.
|Ai vw «Corae aod le«ra h»w wtmderlullr you »re made
VAI S and how to «Toid *kknes« and dileaie. If you
\ 1 .1 auffer from any of the illi of men, oome to the
Jb SpecUUsl on the PaciOc Coam,
DB.JOBI>ABr-PRrVATKI>ISKASi:SI I
OonanltatioDfree-andatrlettTpriTate. Treatment penon-
mllj ot by letter. STPUir.I« thorouglily eradicated
from tbe iratem without using nerearj, ....
UVCRY WAX applying to aa will receive oar J
hontit opinion ofhii comi>lniDt.
r« viU liunrantm a POSITIVE CUBE In ecer» cm
v* undertake, or forfeit One TaowMnd Dollars.
Write for Bool— I*iiil..«»|>l>.v ofNarriago,
mailed reaa. (A valuable book for men.)
DB.JOBDAIK A CO., 1051 Market Kt. 8. P.
CHEAP BUNG LOTS FOR SHLE
Lots for salo in the Webb-Mason
tract. Will be sold at bed-rock
prices, for cash, or on instalment
plan. Lots fronting on Stump
and Center streets. Before pur- -
chasing a residence lot call at
Ledger office and get prices.
JACKSON - - - - - - . CAL
••••••••••••••••••••••••••
J MORTIMER j
• - The Painter 5
2 : Is prepared to do all kinds of J
• ■ :■ *' ■ - ■ ■- -■- ■ ■ ■ •
• House, Sign and Carriage •
• Painting. ' I
• PAPER \ HANGING, ETC. •
• In rear of Bank - - Jackson, Cal. •
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
If You Want
Good Health
[•', DRINK NOTHING BUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made From Pure Hops
SACRAMENTO
- CALIFORNIA. my 29
2- ?t.^5 I ?Pt LI -? Gi J"" 8 . 11 * 6111 _,„ USE LUMBERMAN'S CODE AND TELECODE
F-JJ^S^Sk X'S? Pre^ dent and Treasurer LONG AND LARGE TIMBERS A SPECIALTY
Rooms: J^fSS^^ Yafd: 6th * Irwin Sts -
603-604-605-606-607 /^^\^^X L«<nber Phone 19
Claus Spreckels B'ld'g S^^^^By^.
SAN FRANCISCO. KvlP^^H 0re 90119 O11
Telephone: VS^QQfst&®? e^ ar a °d
Private Exchange 279 X^OT^gSF RedwOOd
• ' #■ -^ # # Lumber
mChl3 ' (incorporated) Rough Of Worked
WE GIVE SPECIAL ATTENTION TO THE MINER'S REQUIREMENTS IN
MINING LUMBER AND TIMBER. Delivered to any destination desired.
AMADOR lEHR ID ill RECORD-UNION
— $2.50 PER YEAR —
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION^
a< Made From SELECTED WHEAT
| Blended According to Our. Own Formula
f 4 Produclno Perfect Results and
A Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light [
§ Sweet to the. Palate's Touch and
<i Snowy White <-
■ ■ ~ " ■ v ■
■. ■ - - ■ - . ■ .
•- PIOIIEER FLOOR MILLS. SACRAMENTO— — — - •
Grove's Tasteless Chill Tonic 1
has stood the test 25 years. Average Annual Sales over One and a Half Million I
bottles. Does this record of merit appeal to you ? No Cure, No Pay. 50c* 1
ErKJosedvwth every bottle b a Ten Cent, package cf Grove's Black Root. Liver Pills. I
n:» m , m ,,J^^^^^^ w . m ,, m For Infants and Children.
PiSrORU | The Kind You Have
JSfcte^g&BaaiM Always Bought
A\tgefable PreparalionforAs- jH • . . • ** •
similalingiheFoodandfiegula- « - £ .
ling the Stomachs and Bowels of ■ J3OBtrS LLLO # *t
Promotes DigeslionCheerFur- I'M - M*/? Mr
ness andllesl-Coiitains neither 'If 'n^ mt< "'J% •IT
Opium.Morpliine nor}fineraL |H 01 ... -^iV \T
KotNabcotic, I .■•••• _b4\\|M^
/JMfH'jfOIJiJr&WUELPirCHER |i| t\/\
Aperfecl Remedy for ConsUpa- ■ I M < tV UO D
lion, Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea ■ I \kj
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- Sffll if FAYF AY flu am
ness and Loss of Sleep. II V/" rlir IV R I
Facsimile Signature or ||
#&f?&^z I Thirty Yparc
■ NEWYDBK,__ I Illlliy lUU I O
THC CCNTAUR COMPANY. NEW YORK CITY.
FIRE INSURANCE
. Insure your < property
y in the
PHOENIX. OF LONDON
One of the oldest and most reliable
companies in the" world. Establish-
ed in 1782. It has paid many mill-
ions of 'dollars in policies.
Policies written In this standard
company
ALSO IN
Providence Washington
OF CONNECTICUT
BY ■.
Richard Webb.
... ~ -
Resident Agent, Jackson.
••••••••••••••••••••••••••
1 UNITED STATES MAIL 1
• Daily Stage Line •
J Between Jackson, Pine. Grove J
• '.| , and Volcano. •
• T. A. L M ARSINO - Proprietor •
• Leaves Jackson daily at 6:30 a. m. •
• Arrives at Pine Grove aDout 9a. m , and •
• at Volcano about 9:30 a. m. - •
• Makes connection with the stape leav- •
• ing Volcano for Defender every Monday, •
• Wednesday and Friday. •
2 Leaves Volcano daily at 3p. m. ar- Z
Z riving at Pine Grove at 3 p. m , and \
J Jackson at sp. m. J
« Best service In Amador County. %
• Prompt delivery of packages a •
• specialty. •
• FARE-Jackson to Volcano $1.50; Jack- •
• son to Pine Grove ti.oo. Round trip •
• to Volcano $3.50. •
J Offices— National Hotel, Jackson, and Z
a Postofflces Pine Grove and Volcano. . Z
0 mars 2
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
FOR RENT ffi|
Marioi's rosidence, consisting of 7
rooms and a large basement; rent
$10. - Will give a five year lease
if desired. For further particu-
lars address 7-31-sm.
V. A. Marinl. Angels Camp, Cat.
THE A-MADOR LEDGER; JACKSOff, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAYi DECEMBER 25, 1903.'
MACHINERY FOR SALE
The Sargent Mining Co. offers for
sale all the Machinery, Tools,
Buildings, Gallows Framo; Lum- -
ber. and Wood now on tho mino
near Middle Bar bridge. For fur-~
ther information apply to tho
SUPT. CENTRAL EUREKA MINE/ SUTTER? GRtEK
mch27
1 j. a. vanderpooll
Jj Formerly of Sutter Creek Q
Jj? Has opened up, on the Sacramento toad a
§ one and one-half miles west of j§
jjj . , . Plymouth, a. -. ■ X
| FirsU'lass Harness Shop I
3 And carries a full line of llarm-KM and S
% Teamster's Supplies. " j
| BEPAIBING ON SHORT NOTICE, i
I Having no rent to pay this is the
0 cheapest place in the county i
Kf to trade. - ' - - - jlySi-im i
A^H.KUHLMAN~
Contractor and Builder
Will do work in any part of
Amador County. If you want
to build, send a noto to Jackson
Postoftico and I will call on you.
Estimates furnished without cost
on any kind of building. Will
make plans and specifications for
you. • mar2tf
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic
Wines4iquors*Cigars
' JACKSON, . CAL.
£ DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
J tell Cognac. Moet & Chaudon. White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne: Morgan Hros.,
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries ; Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres
Bordeaux, Clarets and Sauternes; CANADIAN
CLTJB WHISKY, Hiram Walker &sSns. Lim-
ited. Walkerville, Ontario, Canada; John de
Kuyper & Zoon, Rotterdam, Gin; Gilka.' Kuem-
mel, from J A. Gilka, Berlin; Ilarthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester, N. V., Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness'
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London); Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ale; Naglee Brandy; Reimported American
i$ Per Cent Saved......
By purchasing Watches
& Jewelry from
-J\ O-ITJ-ST 1 !-
Watchmaker & Jeweler
North Main St., Jackson.
I will give $100 for any failure to repair
in perfect condition either a Swiss, En-
glish or American watch. Chrono-
meter, Chronograph, Chrono-
. scope or Repeater.
Highest price paid for old Gold and
Silver. jlyal
igr Union Stables
*»!» Under Webb Hall *
MAIN STREET - - JACKSON, CAL.
• M. NEWMAN, Prop.
The Stable equipped with Qrst-ciass stock
and vehicles. Suitable rigs for Commercial
travelers with trunks.
Special Attention Paid *■
% to Transient Stock.
Large stable and yard for use of teamsters.
Telegrams answered free of cost. 2-28-tf
IRELAND'S ANIMALS.
i&ecieß of Frugi and Toads Ax*
Found In the Green Inle.
It Is not correct to say that there are
do frogs or toads In Ireland, though it
ltt very remarkable that the common
toad is not found there. The natterjack
toad is a native of Kerry, though it
does not appear to be found elsewhere.
It Is an example of the mania which
some people have for meddling with
nature that a Dr. Gulthers in 1699 took
the trouble to procure frogs' spawn
from England, since which time they
have multiplied In Ireland. But the
common lizard Is found In many parts
of the Island. The slowworm Is not
Though the common toad and till re
cent times the frog were not found in '
Ireland, It is worth remembering that
the English reptiles . and batrachlans
arc' very local In their distribution. The
natterjack toad is only found In certain
counties. The edible frog was formerly
only found in Foulmire Fen, in Cam
bridgeshire, and the sand lizard Is most
capricious in the choice of a home. The
"beautiful green lacertse" which Gil
bert White saw on the sunny . banks
near Farnbam are- to be found there
still, the males being of the green color,'
and also near Bournemouth and iln
Dorsetshire beyond Poole Harbor. Yet
there are many suitable places where
none are seen, and then they reappear
again on some sandhills on the coast of
Lancashire, near Southport
On the other 'band, the absence of
many species In Ireland which are or
were commonly found in the larger Is
land can only be explained on the sup
position that they never reached the
country. Among these are the wildcat,
the polecat and the weasel. Yet the
marten was always plentiful on the
other side of St George's channel, and
stoats abound In tbe west, i Five of the
fourteen species of bat found in Eng
land have not been taken In Ireland,
neither is ' the common shrew found
there or the water shrew or the mole,
though the last Is found in Anglesey.
Only six of the fifteen British rodents
are found In Ireland, and of these one,
the squirrel, was probably Introduced.
Neither is the roe deer indigenous. In
support of the general theory that the
immigration of the English fauna was
difficult in the earlier periods and sub
sequently checked altogether may be
cited the analogous instance of the Isle
of Han. There, as In Ireland, there are
no moles, no snakes and no toads.—
London Spectator.
APHORISMS.
Philosophy 1b nothing but discretion.
—John Selden.
All imposture weakens confidence and
chills benevolencel— Johnson. -. . . -.'
. The only wealth which will not de
cay is knowledge.— Langford.
Trouble teaches men how much there
Is In manhood. — Henry Ward Beecher.
Your real ' influence Is measured by
your treatment of yourself.— A. Bron
son Alcott
Human judgment Is finite, and it
ought always to be charitable.—Wil
liam Winter.
Kindness In us Is the honey that
blunts the sting of unkindness In an
other.—Landor.
Politeness Is a sort of guard which
covers the rough edges of our charac
ter and prevents their wounding others.
— Joubert.
The constant duty of every man to
his fellows is to ascertain his own pow
ers and special gifts and to strengthen
them for the help of others.— Buskin. '
Speaking; Without Words.
Spanish young ladies hold animated
conversations with their lovers by
means of a fan, which they always car
ry. Italians use a flower for similar
purposes, and a young girl who may be
apparently idly pulling the petals from
a rose is in reality making arrange
ments for perhaps a secret visit to the
opera bouse with her lover.
In Malta comparatively few people
can read, yet nearly every one holds a
prayer book when at church. Tho rea
son for this is that a prayer book lan
guage is in existence, and by carefully
watching each other's movements two
persons can readily and secretly com
municate with eacb other through the
various positions in which the books
are held being recognized as code
words.
Marital Ma.
Most homes would be far happier If
men were as considerate of their wives
as they were of their sweethearts.
If each remembered that the other
was a human being.
If they endeavored to be as agreeable
as they were in their courtship days.
If domestic trials and tribulations
were not told to neighbors.
If household expenses were in pro
portion to the husband's salary.
If privileges taken were given.—
American Queen.
The Strategy of Samuel.
Proud Father— l tell you, sir, that
boy of mine will be a wonder 1 \
Friend (wearily> — What wonderful
thing has he done now?
Proud Father— Why, the other day
he ate all the preserves In the pantry.
I overheard him say as he smeared the
cat's face with the stuff, "I'm sorry,
Tom, to do this, but I can't have the
old folks suspect me!"— Smart Set. . 
The Successful Han In Baainesa.
"That man Is a great thinker," was
the admiring comment.
"Yes," answered Senator Sorghum
despairingly, "but I have noticed that
these very studious people aren't suc
cessful In business. What you want
to be nowadays is not a great thinker,
but a good guesser."— Washington Star.
Great Britain got two of ber posses
sions from pirates, the Leeward Islands
la Borneo and Sarawak In the north
west of Borneo.
Geo. Mc/Willaius.—.,
FOTOGRAPHER
"Fine Carbon Fotos" all sizes. Groups
and Mining Views. Stamp Fotos
and Button Jewelry. :
JACKSON - - - - - cal.
THF
A. Vander Naillen School
Of Practical Civil, Mining, Elec-
trical and Mechanical Engineering;,
Surveying, Architecture, Drawing,
Assaying, Cyaniding and Metall-
urgy complete.
113 Fulton Street • • San Francisco.
; ; Send for Illustrated catalogues free.
TIME TO HEDGE.
Bookmaker Wouldn't Lend Money,
' but Gave Good Advice.
Several turfmen were discussing the
sharp methods of a certain bookmaker
who adds to his income by money lend
ing.'. He was ' conceded to be a bard
man to deal with.
"But I'll bet $500 that I can borrow
$1,000 . from him on my personal re
cognizance," said one. ,■
"Done!" answered the otowd simul
taneously, and as he could only stake
one bet they pooled against him.'
Thinking he had a sure thing, he went
off with an accompanying committee
to see the money lender. . .- . '. ■
"Mr. Cash" (that wasn't his name), he
said, ' "these gentlemen j have bet me
$500 that I cannot borrow $1,000 from
you. I don't need the money, but you
let me have It for a day, and I'll di
vide the bet with you/ .
The committee gasped, but the effect
of the cool proposition was unlooked
for. Instead of jumping at tbe chance
Mr. Cash buttonholed his interlocutor
and said:
"Did you make that bet?"
"I did."
"You bet $500 that you could borrow
money from me?"
"That's what I did."
"Then," In a whisper, "go and hedge."
—New York Press. I
Whore There's a 'Will There's a Way.
"One of those things which go to
show that where there Is a will there
Is. a way is well exemplified by a
happening in a certain' southern city,"
said a .well • known former railroad
man. "A man before his marriage had
purchased a beautifully located lot lv
the city cemetery.and paid $100 for>lt.
After awhile he married and some ten
or twelve years ■ afterward died and
was buried in the aforesaid beautifully
located lot, and his grave was care
fully tended for awhile by. his widow.
When the big fair came oft in Chicago
and all the world was en route to that
Mecca the widow took a notion she
must see that show. As a result of a
long cogitation over ways and means
she had the body of her deceased hus
band exhumed and g railroaded fifty
miles away and reburied at a cost of
about $75, when she sold the ceme
tery lot for $600 and had a good old
time at the big world's fair. Some
what of a,financier, wasn't she?"—-
New Orleans Times-Democrat'
" Study Them | Don't Kill!
If, instead of shooting the : birds,
scotching, the snake, smashing. the
beetle and pinching the tiny life out
of the butterfly, we were to watch any
one of these creatures on a r summer
day the day would pass like an hour,
so packed with exciting experience It
would seem. '. Through | what myste
rious . coverts of the woodland, into
what a haunted underworld of tunnel
ed banks and- hidden ditches and se
cret passages the snake would show
us the way, and we' should have
strange hearts if, as we thus watched
it through its mysterious day, we did
not find our dislike of the clever, little
creature dying away and even chang
ing into a deep tenderness toward the
small, self reliant life, so lonely a speck
of existence in so vast a world.—Suc
oess.V^M ' .
Malayan Tree Dwellers.
Tlu> S;i kals, or tree dwellers, of the
Malny peninsula build their houses in
forked troos a dozen feet above ground
nnd reach thorn by means of bamboo
ladders, which they draw up when
safely housed out of harm's -way. The
house itself Is a rude kind of shack,
made of buniboo, and the flooring is
luslipil together piece by piece and
bound securely to the tree limbs. by
rattan. .■ " ' ,
These curious people are rather small
and lighter in complexion than the Ma
lays, though much uglier. They have
no fnnn of religion . at all — not even
klols- !!<■■ written language nnd speak a
corrupt form of Malay. "■
The Heloderm.
The venomous lizard, heloderm, lives
in tlie warm zone between the Cordille
ras of Central America and the Pacific
ocean. It secretes a poisonous saliva
and has the curious habit of throwing
Itself on its back when struck, j Its bite
is not always so dangerous as popular
opinion makes It, and after severe pain
It often rapidly heals. Recent observa
tions show that the saliva is sometimes
very poisonous and sometimes very in
offensive. The poison acts by coagulat
ing the blood and first Increasing then
diminishing the irritability of the
nerves. '""'"■
Raising the Limit.
5 "Don't you think that the ideals of
statesmanship are higher now then
they used to be?"
"Sure they are," answered Senator
Sorghum. "I've known the time when
$500 was considered big money. Now
you can't get a man that amounts to
anything to look at less than $10,000."
—Washington Star.
Ilia Feellna; Faculty.
"I don't see any thing . remarkable in
that mule," said the prospective pur
chaser, "except that he's stone blind."
"Yes, suh," replied the mule's propri
»tor, "he blin' in his eye, but you dcs
orter see him feel fer you wid his
heels!"— Atlanta Constitution.
Profit With the Brnah.
"Do you think It possible for a man
who Is clever with the brush to make
a living these days?" asked the dis
couraged artist.
"Yes," responded the cruel cynic, "If
he Is a bootblack."— Philadelphia Rec
ord.
Did you ever notice the Indecision
of a woman about choosing a seat In a
street car with but few passengers t—
Milwaukee Sentinel.
C&WYEKS
aj| excelsior bran
uSF^OILED CLOTHING
v^^^^ SLICKERS
JKrtH%*A. C A>J^^ dry. Th« belt witerproof
■Tf^f^Jsjfelffi\m c '°' MM ''" '° "" world ' °*'
O PRINTERS.— A COMPLETE OUTFIT
for a Seven or Eight Column Paper, In-
cluding Washington Hand Press, body and dis-
play type, rules leads, etc. Will be sold cbeap
for casb.
Also, one Mustang Mailer, and Mailing Out-
fit; good as new. Address. Ledger office, Jack-
son, Cal.
v Ledger and Daily Record-Union $7.00. .
ALONG PICCADILLY
There the ■ Tide of Social London
Flo.wa to the Fullest.
Piccadilly seems cold and blatant by
contrast as one charges down it Yet
even here, " be - the sunshine ever so
bright, the visitor Is [ crowned in the
pearly haze that tones, attenuates, uni
fies, most If not all of London, that
haze that has tantalized and defeated
how many artists! j Even over Piccadil
ly, even over this the most mundane of
all London streets, it throws its saving
glamour. • Indeed the whole splendid
avenue might serve for a studio, not
for its values alone, but for the com
plexity of the types that throng it It
is the quintessence of London, the dis
tillation of all London humanity, to be
studied nowhere so narrowly as from
a bus top. Perfect Dv Mauriers In the
original approach, pass by and are left
behind or stand in groups looking from
the club windows. ■ Phil Mays In the
life swarm beneath one, and characters
from Thackeray _ and Dickens jostle
unsuspectingly on the sidewalk. The
clubs alone, which never look so thor
oughly clubbable* as when hastily
glanced at from a passing bus, will
store one's memory ■ with a hundred
recognizable types. All England, all
the empire, Indeed, sooner or later finds
Its way to Piccadilly. One cannot pass
down It' without a sight of some glit
tering, turbaned, alien figure, ' majes
tically Isolated, majestically unheeded.
Regent street may claim a grander
sweep, and .by i virtue of. its shops a
more devoted femininity, but It is along
Piccadilly that the tide of social Lon
don flows brim full.— Sydney Brooks
in Harper's Magazine. \
In Froien Rnaslm.
In Russia, where the cold in winter Is
very Intense, the markets are very curi
ous things. The meat Is frozen, the car
casses of. dead animals, as sheep and
pigs, stand upright outside the stalls;
everything,' even game and poultry, re
quires to be thawed before It can be
cooked, and the market people's dress
is as , picturesque jas It is warm and
comfortable.
The* the rivers are frozen over all
the winter long, and so thick is the Ice
that every one can skate anywhere and
any time.' Stalls are put up on the Ice
and busy markets held there.
In the Asiatic part of Russia the peo-.
pie live chiefly by hunting and fishing,
and tbe fur of the Russian animals Is
very beautiful— the ermine, fox, sable,
sea otter and others. ' - \
At the end of the winter, when the
snow melts, the huntsman pursues the
elk, wearing long shoes, In which he
can glide over the snow very quickly,
while the poor elk sinks Into the snow
deeper and deeper every step and Is at
last overtaken and killed.
Hla Two Purchaaen.
A Btory Is told of a Louisiana mer
chant who came to New York deter
mined to secure a bargain. He wanted
cheap cloaks, and after trying In vain
to suit himself at the wholesale houses
he bought a Job lot at auction." He ex
amined . the goods hurriedly and had
them shipped home. ' In due time he
was confronted by an excited head
salesman who said the garments were
out of style. \
"They didn't look that way," said the
merchant
"But they are," replied the clerk.
The merchant persisted that the
cloaks would sell, but they didn't' In
•desperation he returned them to New
York to be disposed of to best advan
tage. On his next trip to New York he
again visited an auction house and
bought a lot of cloaks. When he re
turned home and examined his pur
chase he saw that he had bought the
same lot as before.— World's Work. .
The Bird Monopolist.
As Is generally known; the cuckoo
lays its eggs in the nests of other birds,
leaving them to be hatched and tho
young cuckoos reared by, their foster
parents. The young cuckoo throws the
other birds out of the nest and gets nil
the care itself. After murdering its
foster brothers and sisters in the most
deliberate and callous way it is thence
forth tended with the greatest devo
tion. Long after it has left the nest
the great bird, apparently big enough
to get its own living and many times
larger than its foster parents, is fol
lowed about and fed by them with the
same care as when in the nest.
Oak Wood.
The oak Is a historic wood. As early
as the eleventh century It became the
favorite wood of civilized Europe, and
specimens of carving and interior
finish have come down to us from that
early day, their pristine beauty en
hanced by the subduing finger of time.
The early colonists brought with them
to the shores of America their love for
this wood, and here, too, the oak ac
quired historical Interests.
Impudent Maacvllne Assumption.
Mr. Ferguson— Whose character were
you and Mrs. Tarrup' discussing when
I came In?
Mrs. Ferguson— What aade you
think we were discussing anybody's
character? ..
Mr. Ferguson— l noticed you were
busily talking— that's all.— Exchange. .
Taking and Giving.
• "You can't," said the philosopher,
"take from a thing without making it
less."
"Oh, I don't know," the fool replied.
"Have you ever tried taking a light
from one candle with another?"— Ch
icago Record-Herald.
A Hatvral Desire.
Bm-th— l wonder what Br-wn Intends
to do with all the money he got for
those historical novels he wrote.
J-n-s— He Intends to travel. He feels
that he ought to visit some of the place*
fee wrote about just to see what they
are like.— Life.
I *tm m# BH tbJm I&W H ilk WMmMm ° r Publication. Printed in
W*& J AAV \J • & GUAGES. Contain. Correct
A# A M Calendars for all latitudes.
Mi m Eclipse, Tide and "Weather
fn l«Mft>fl^ aflM& MA Tables, Astronomical data.
M m H IVT9UI If 13 mSk O^ list of-rea»t. Fast and other
JMtt 111 H m^k I Ham ML * Holidays, graphic Moonlight
M BkAl MASJLaAEJi^ Diagrams and choice illus.
•• •■•i»» SIW trations, to which is added a
complete CATALOGUE OF DISEASES, with directions how to treat then, given la
porfeAly plain, yet absolutely clean language. Your Druggist or Dealer will sup-
ply it to you FREE. I! you fall to ret 11, ■ Postal Can) request to DR. D. JAYNE S SON, PHILADELPHIA, wttl bring II te jrm FREE.'
Free Bicycle
. OR WATCH, to tbe person (or persons)
guessing number of answers we will re-
: . ceivo to tbis advertisement. Send us 25
cents for useful novelty and malts a guess.
Money back it not satisfied. We want
more agents to sel! our goods.
SUPPLY CO. o „
MARINE ART.
Virtues aad ; Defects of the Ships
That Sailors Faint.
It is an axiom with sailors that there
never was a man' who put In. three
years before the mast who did not
think he could paint a ship .bettor than
the most skillful landlubber that ever
wielded a brush. In the homes of re
tired \ sea captains specimens of this
kind of marine art are often displayed
on the walls to admiring friends and
are handed down as family heirlooms.
A good place for the man who has no
seagoing ' relatives or friends to see
such pictures is in some of the win
dows of Bhip supply stores, on South
Btreet in New York. Sailors buy them
occasionally. ■ '^-s.
Ships that sailors paint are absolutely"
correct in every detail. From a brig to
a full rigged three master there is not a
block or tackle missing from stem to
stern or from masthead to water line.
No marine painter could get In half so
much detail if he tried. But the ships
painted by sailors look as if they were
caught fast in frost tipped waves.
There is absolutely no life or any sug
gestion of motion about them even
when represented as going under full
sail. When a sailor tfies to get in a bit
of landscape as a background,- as he
usually does, be makes matters hope
lessly worse. As a general thing it is a
lighthouse or "a fort looking for all the
world like little images that children
take out of their toy arks.— New York
Press.
Dlagnoatng Under Difficulties.
I Dr. Sundberg, former consul to Bag
dad, related with much gusto an ad
venture that befell him in a Moham
medan harem In Bagdad. One of the
wives of a rich merchant fell sick, and
Dr. Sundberg was called In to prescribe
for her. With a pardonable scientific
Interest the western physician waUgl.
Enter a black gunnysack. ' It is the pa
tient. The doctor would like to feel her
pulse. A white band is slipped through
an opening. Good. And .. her . tongue-
Impossible!. No man save her husband
may see the face of a woman and live
or, . nfore accurately, no woman may
unveil her face to any man save her
husband and live. His professional In
terest aforesaid deeply aroused, the dip
lomatic doctor insists. The difficulty Is
at length solved by the eunuch In chief.
Though the woman may not lawfully
unveil herself, the doctor under the cir
cumstances might perhaps be allowed
to crawl in under the gunnysack and tso
examine the telltale tongue. . ."Delight
ed, I'm sure," says the doctor, and does
so. Then after the most thorough diag
nosis imaginable he prescribes, as did
Abernethy before him, "A little sun
and air!"
The Absent Jack.
The wife of a Washington street
merchant Is very fond of roses, espe
cially of the brilliant varieties. By
way of reminder she said to the bus
band the other morning before he
started for business:
"I see, my dear, that Jacks are be
coming cheaper."
"That may be true," said the hus
band absently, "but I have known
men who" would have been willing to
pay $100 for one to put with the two
already In their . hand."— lndianapolis
Sentinel.
HEALTH
- "I don't think we oonld keep
home without Thedford's Blftok-
Draught. We hare used it in the
family (or over two yean with the
beat ot remits. I have cot had •
doctor in the home for that length
ot time. It is » doctor In itielf and
always ready to make • person wall
and happy."— JAMES "*Tr T i Jack-
■onTille, 111.
Because thii great medicine
relievet stomach pains, frees the
constipated bowels and invigor-
. ates the torpid liver and weak-
ened kidneys
No Doctor
is necessary in the home where
Thedford's Black-Draught is
kept. Families living m the
country, miles from any physi-
cian, have been kept in health
for years with this medicine as
their only doctor. Thedford's
Black -Draught cures bilious-
ness, dyspepsia, colds, chills and
fever, bad blood," headaches,
diarrhoea, constipation, colic
and almost every other ailment
because the stomach, bowels ■
liver and kidneys so nearly cob-
trol the health.
TMSfonps
■bi^^Bbb^ sisi nl ErK
PRAUCHT
J. GHIGLIERI & BRO.
Cosmopolitan Liquor Store
JACKSON GATE, CAL.
Dealers and Jobbers in foreign and domestic
WINES, LIQUORS & CIGARS
QELECTED stock of Imported Goods. Choice
13 California Wines, popular brands. Eastern
and Domestic Beers; special bottling.
Havana, Key West and New York Cigars.
Bourbon, Rye, Sweet and Sour Mash Whiskies
ot celebrated distilleries. ja3 ly
Amador Ledger
Weekly Record-Union
$2.50 a year.
If You Gonttad
to .buy $10,000 -iapp
5% Gold Bonds frorw|g
The Mutual Life InsuiSßl
Company of New Yor^H
Richard A. McCurdy, I'resident, ' fi
Payment to be made durirJ
20 years in annual instalment!
and you die after: you ha Jj
made one payment, your estafl
will receive «
$500 a year for 20 years ,^slo,oo
Then, cash »..~ .^-r~~' ©jrjjo
Total guaranteed in gold $20,0 C
Information aa to terms can be had by writ!
The Mutual Life Insuranc
Company of New York,
Kicbam> A. McCotdy, President,
N»w York, N. Y.
Stanly Forbes, Manager - - - San Franci
California. " ; jel
IS THE FLOEfST
• ■'. ■■ ' ~°S e~ ■» ~ ~?"~ - '. i «
• 1601 -10th St., Sacramento
J : SUNSET PHONE NO. EAST 769.
• Cut llowers at all times.'
%- Funeral aud 'Wedding orders : a'
• specialty. .
J Orders telephoned to our agent;
% ■ at Jackson will receive im tried-
• : iate attention and, and prompt
J delivery assured.
• Miss Amelia Cademartorl V
• Agent, Jackson, Cal. ';-n
BANK OF AMADOR COUNT
. . Incorporated November, 1895 ; '■■
Capital Stock : : : $50,000
President Alfonso GinoocH
Vice-President ............. S. G. Spagn«
Secretary and Cashier......... Frederick Sad
BOAUO ok'diuectoks: .
Alfonso Ginocchio, S. G. Spagnoli,|John S troho
Frederick Eudey and Alex Eudey of Jackson
SAFE DEPOSIT.— Safe deposit boxes can \
rented from the Bank of Amador County at tl
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby s
curing you against any possible loss from nj
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportuni)
of protecting your valuables. -■ \
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home instil
tion. Send money away through the Bank
Amador County ; you will save 10 per cent a]
upward over postoffice or express. Money se
to all parts of the United States and also j
parts of tho world. : We have the latest quot
ttons on foreign exchange. .
SAVE MONEY-it doesn't cost anything
deposit money in the Bank of Amador Count
They receive deposits from $5 up. Coinmen
the new year by opening up a bank account. .
man or woman with a bank account has
financial standing. Don't bury your mone'
when you die it can't be found and you are 11
ble to be robbed while alive.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••
in nil
2 18 Turk St., near Market
: San Francisco, Cal.
•New seven-story, fire-proof
• hotel just opened; steam heat, ;
• electricity and long distance
• telephone in every room; ele-«
S gantly furnished; one" block'
2 from leading theatres; unques- ;
2 tionably finest moderate priced
• hotel on Pacific Coast.
J
S Take Market Street
• Cars to Turk St.
2 Rates 75c per day and up.
5 myl-V
••••••••••••••••••••••••a
TO THE UNFORTUNATE
M.<^~^^^WJWL This old reliable an
/TKgJrtsSl&SAia themost successful sp
frSSfCq ff^^J^Hj?} cialist In San Franci
//?» I %^i -^Mifn coHtillcontinuestocui
ffffrl i>Tni' Bif'Wl all Sexual and Scmin;
Diseases, such as Ghoi
Syphilis inall its'fora
*^m?« '$mfvfi7tflsfsi Skln Diseilses ' Nervo >
Seminal Wcaknesa.aii
** >:^ iisiß * s * !SSuS&d Losb of Manhood, tl
consequence of self abuse and excess produ
ing the following symptoms: Sallow count
nance dark spots under the eyes, pain In tl
head, ringing in the ears, loss of confidene
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpi tatlc
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and bacl
loss of memory, pimples on the face, cough:
consumption, etc.
DR. GIBBON has practiced In San Franclsc
over 40 years, and those troubled should m
fail to consult him and receive the V.nenti
his great skill and experience. Tl j docU
cures when others fail. Try him. Cures qua
anteed. Persons cured at home. Charges rea:
onable. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. Gibbon, 829 Kearney street, Sa
Francisco. Cal.
T7ITJRNISHED ROOMS TO RENt.— Apply :
JC Ledger office.
TIICUABO WEBB
United States Commissioner
JACKSON. GAL.'
Will attend to Homestead and otber tilings ;
taking of final proofs and all otber Land
Business. • - • .-■ --.
Deeds and otber legal documents drawn up. ■
Agent tor Pboenix Assurance Company ol
London, and Washing ton Providence Fire In-