Established November i, 1855.
; ;; LAWYERS.
Attorney and OuuHetor at Luw
jACKSON^CA^r"
ractiee ffiall the Stutes and Federal courts
tfffiU! 1 Ispagnoli building, opposite Ball c-»
eoords.
T W. CALUWEI.L
i• i ...';/"_
Atti>rney-at-Ij»w
Jackson, C.vi..
Will practice in all courts of the State.
TOHN V. DAVIS
LAWYER
ftlce on Summit Street, opposite Courthouse
NOTARIES.
TILDA. OLOIIOU
Stenographer anil Notary I'oblic
— r-.TtrrKsoM cal.
fllce, Judge Davis' law utllces, Summit Street
DOCTORS.
71 . E. ENDICOTT, M. I). •
' Phygiciau and !SurK«-i»n
Jackson, Cal.
•fllce.: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all tiun-s. . .
■\K. K. V. TIFKANV
l*liyHi«'ian and Stirjreon
rLYSIOUTH, CAL.
>fficb— Forrest House. Horns— tt to 9 a. in.,
. and 1 to a and 7 to f p. m.
.Telephone Main 41.
■' v it. 1,. 1:. rm 1,1,1 i-s
J'liyfeU'iun and Surgeon
JACKSON CAL. /.
of the City and County Hospital of San
Francisco.
)FFICE— WeiI & Renuo lluilding. Residence,
National Hotel.
f-vK. A. M. GAIX
Physician ami Surgeon
Jackson. Cal,
Office in Marelia building. Main Street
[)n. E. V. LONIGO
"From the Medical School ol 1- lorence (Italy)
V graduate besides from the Medical Depart-.
ment University of the Stale iff California,,
and ex-Surgeon to the City Receiving Hospi-
tal of San Francisco, begs leave to inform
you that lie has opened bin oilier in the town
of Jackson, Kay's buikliu-;. lonih rl.v Dr. l!ob-
ertson's oftlce. where all who call v. ill be an-
swered day and uu:ht
xon?r:il Surgery & Obstetrical atteodance his
specialties. Telephone No. 467.
pvR. J. H. O'CONNOR
Physician anil Surgeon
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office— Mails' Building. Residence aud Tele-
■hone, Exchange Hotel. jair.', ly.
DENTISTS. :~~: ~~
p|R. C. A. HEKKICK
DENTIST
I ; Jackson. Cal.
)fflce in Kay bui.aing. Hours from 9 a. tn. to
5 p.m.
3R. JOHN A. DELUOCHI
Sutter Cheek, Cal.
)ffice Hours:— From 9 a. m to 5 p. m.
BIG^ RESULTS
for your family, in the way of
health, strength and longevity, are
sure to follow the regular use of
Buffalo New Brew Lager Beer
This Boor, being made of tho bost
hops and purest water, aids the di-
gestion, increases the appetite and so
prolongs life. It's good to taste, too.
Buffalo Brewing Company
Sacramento, California. myiJ-Om
t <
Amador Lfedger j
Weekly Record-Union \
$2.50 a year. !
••••••••••••••••••••♦••a**
! DAILY STAGE LINE I
• - •
I i_ BETWEEN •
► JACKSON and EL DORADO •
t J. Stelner, Proprietor. •
I Leaves Jackson every morning at 7:30 i
) a.m.; arrives at Plymouth ii>:,'K> a. 111. 9
• Leaves Plymouth at 1 p. in.; arrives at 9
i El Dorado sp. m. 2
I Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a.m.; arrives J
I at Plymouth 11 a. in. Leaves Plymouth «
• at ip. m. ; arrives in Jackson at sp. m. •
► ■-■■;'.:■. •
J Offices— Jackson, National Hotel; Sut- 5
J ter Creek, American Exchange; Ama- Z
1 dor City, Amador Hotel; Dry town, Ex- Z
J change; Plymouth, Forest House. J
» . •
• Prompt delivery of packages. . •
I •
• This line connects with passenger •
t trains to aud from Placcrvllle. •
I THROUCH FARE - - - V 52.50 *
I Fifty pounds of baggage free. •
• ;--,-' »
The Amador Ledger.
OFFICIAL DIRECTORY
OF
AMADOR COUNTY.
State Senator. Hon. W. C, Ralston
Assemblyman Hon. C. H. M cKeuuey
Superior Judge Hon. R. C Rust
Sheriff and Tax Collector ..T, K. Norman
Deputies Fred Jackson, H E. Kay
County Clerk and Auditor C. I*. Culbert
Deputy County Clerk.. J. R. Huberty
District Attorney C. P. Vlclui
Treasurer : Geo. A Gritton
Recorder D. A. Patterson
Assessor John Marchant
Deputy Assessor.... George F. Mack
Superintendent of Schools. Geo. A. Gordon
Coroner and Administrator G*». M. Huberty
County Surrey .or Win. Brown
County Physician Dr. A. M. Gall
Steward ot County Hospital A. C. Barrett
- , ■ SUPERVISOKS.
Township One M. Newman
Township Two VV. M. Amiek
Township Three.., August Grillo
Township Four K. B. Moore
Township Five Lawrence Burke
The regular meeting of the Board of Supervis
ors is held on tho first Monday of each month.
E. B. Moore, Chairman.
TOWNSHIP OFFICERS.
TOWNSHIP ONE.
Justiee of the Peace H. Goldner
Constable*. A Leverone
TOWNSHIP TWO.
Justice of the Peace James MoCautey
Constable ..:.J. E Kelley
TOWNSHIP THREE.
Justice of the Peace. A. W. Robinson
Constable .* James Lessley
TOWNSHIP FOUR.
Justice of the Peace W. L,. Rose
Constable D. F. Gray
TOWNSHIP FIVE.
Justice of the Peace J. Blower
Constable  William Scoble
A Unique Command.
At Boulogne, during a royal recep
tion, a number of English ladles in
their anxiety to see everything pressed
with such force against -the -soldiers
who were keeping the line that the lat
ter were forced to T give way and gen
erally were— to use the expression of
policemen— "hindered in the execution
of their duty." The officer in com
mand, observing the state of affairs,
called out:
"One roll of .the drum— lf they don't
stand back kiss them all." • . ■ -
After the first sound of the drum
the ladies took to flight.
"If they had been French." said a
Parisian ; journal, "they- would have
remained to a woman." — Illustrated
Bits.
I J. A. VANDERPOOL
S Formerly, of Sutter Creek
S . • ' . -
« lias opened up, on the Sacrumento. ioa-1
Jy one and one-half miles west of
8j I'ly i-.outh, a
I First-class Harness Shop
Sj And curries a full line of HariM-HS and
8 Teamster I * Supplies.
I REPAIRING ON SHORT NOTICE.
S Having do rent to pay this is the
S cheapest place in the county
X to trade. ■ = -- - - jly3l-lm
\Sterling vSilver Holiday Gifts
At Department Store Prices
No. 7800. Berry Spoon, eilt bowl. 53.00. No. 7822. Comb, like cut. $1.50. Others, No. 7836. Napkin Rings, like cut, * widths,
No. 7801. Cake Knife, spring steel, silver SOotos3.OO. 91.00, XI. US, *l 75, S3 OO
J^^^* n *?£ZT%l'S£ M> ' N°-7823N °- 7823 - ManlCUre PleCeS ' bUttOn bO ° X NO - 7837 - Baby Spoons, with Moiher Goose
Z Ifl' r,^u ! ; ««. nail files, tooth brushes, nailbrushes, rhymes in bowl, »2.00.
w*" 25" ?,f H8,"?!™H 8 ,"?!™ shoe horns - halr curlers - cutide knl '"' N °" 7838 - JWiri Salts, all silver, from
*°- I™' 1,,7f • " J ™ d if« ™' elc - like cut - 76 ° e « ch - • "'" ' • a °° to * 0 - 5 ° "« ***" Cut K la s s. with
ES" Itt ■ ct i . l «»» 8 -«>««W0.0O. N0.7824. Nail Polisher, like cut. 93.00. silver tops, from 750 to 83.50 pair.
,!„, '\ ."'•* ior« No. 7835. Cloth Brush, like cut, 53.60. No. 7839. Brush and Comb in fancy linrd
I™' •° raTy^ e .J>kecut.«3.6O. No. 7826. Velvet Brush, like cut. SI.3G. box. French B ray finish. 53.00; lighter
r>o 7808. Cream I.adle,e 1.00. No. 7827. Chain Bags, heavy German sll- weight, in white finish. BLSB.
No. 7S« >. Butter Kni fe like cut. 52.00. w . 95.00. ] No. 7840. Bag Tags, like cut. 03.00.
No. 7810. Sugar Shells ike cut SIXK). No . 7828 . chain Purses from , x oo Enuers. Blotters. Paper Cutters.
No. 7811. Olive Spoon, ike cut, »1.00. ,3, 3 . 60 , ; etc.. handle like cut. 750.
No. 7812. Olive Fork, like cut, 760. No- 7529- ColOBne 5,,^, silver deposit on No 7g43 _ X chains, like cut, with chain
No. 7813. Bon-bon Spoon like cut, «1.00. glas3i lVce cut> 9VOO ftnd 91 85 . rlnK for keys ,, 2 oo
S°' ™t' ? I,"?, VnA Vr« «t nn «* »i No ' 783 °- Cut class Ink WeUl like cut No - 7844 " Bah ' Rattlers, with ivoroid ball
No. 7815. Tea8e11550076051.00.53.00 and silver handle, *1.50.
No. 7816. Tea Stralders 33.85 No. 7831. Powder Jars, cut glass. 750 to No. 7845. Match Boxes, like cut. «9. 60.
No. 7817. Cork Screws. Uke cut. 53.00. Bao o. No. 7846. Stamp boxes, like cut. S 1.88.
No.78l». Child's Mug, 53.00. No. 7832. Souvenir Tea Spoons, like cut. No. 7847. Thimbles, like cut 35c heavier
NO Frl 8 nc 9 hb^e r dd B .a F , r r»ikec^siB. h o5f Vy - with C liff House or Golden Gate in bow,, «>°to7so. ' '
No. 7820. Hair Brush, same design as mir- * V "• w '. '. „., c . No ' 7848 - P«cil Tops, from BOc.
ror best bristles $5 00. No - 7834> Embroidery or Cuticle Scissors, No. 7849. Salve Jars, cut glass, French gray.
No. 7621. Military Hair Brushes, like cut, f rom 750 to 93.00. like cut. SI.OO.
57.00 per pair. Others, 54.00 (o f 15,00. No. 7835. Hut Marks. Including name, 600. No. 7859- Call Bells, silver handles, 750.
E^odum Economist
San Francisco " ~*2ftDjoß^^^^^^^ ' an " Holiday Gift Books
v;. r _ SAN FBANClSeO^____;_^te^C -
JACKSON,' AMADOB COUNTY. CALI^OKNTA, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 20. 1903.
TO MOW DOWN YANKEES.
The Chain Shot Cannon That 'Was
Invented by a Georgian.
A double barreled cannon designed to
sweep down whole regiments of Union
soldiers Is one of tho relics of the civil
war aud Is perhaps the only "shooting
Iron" of the kind in the world.
Immediately after w r ar was declared
an iron worker named John Gilleland,
then employed in one of the Athens
foundries, decided that he could make
a cannon with two barrels which should
be more effective than a dozen of the
usual kind. The death dealing inven
tion was to be charged with iron balls
of a nonexplosive nVture, to which was
to be attached . a" long stout chain, so
that -when the two*! barrels were tired
simultaneously the balls and chain
would mow down men by companies.
The cannon was cast. ,. AVhen it was
entirely finished the inventor invited a
number of his friends to a pine thicket
on a hill on the outskirts, of the. city to
see it work. The doubTe"barreled thing
was placed in position on the /hillside
and a heavy charge of powder rammed
home In each barrel and the chained
balls loaded on top of this. The invent
or's friends kept at a safe distance, and
he applied the fuse. One charge of pow-"
der and ba^l "went off," but the other
didn't ' As the heavy ball shot out it
carried with it the chain to the . full
length, ripping and cavorting around,
over and under the pine saplings, rocks
and mud, tearing up small trees and
earth, and finally came circling back to
the cannon which held the other ball
with chain attached. The inventor was
struck on one arm by the ball, now
nearly spent, and knocked senseless,
while friends feared to go near, sup
posing that the other barrel might take
a notion to discharge. It was some time
before the discharged ball lay inotlon
less near the upturned cannon. The In
ventor's arm was 'shattered, making
amputation necessary.
This was the first and last trial of the
cannon which was to mow. down the
Yankees. Mr. Gilleland lost hope and
interest with his arm, and the cannon
was permitted to remain on tho hill for
many months, but was finally carted
into the city, where for years it did
most effective duty in celebrating elec
tions and Christmas day. By and by the
old death dealer was missed from its
place near the old city hall, and no one
seemed to know what had become of it.
Finally, after diligent search, it was
found In a junk shop. From this place
it was resurrected, and the city council
made an appropriation sufficient to
have it mounted and placed near the
Confederate monument, immediately
opposite the government building.
As She Understood It.
A "pretty rosy cheeked country girl
entered one of our large department
stores. It was bargain day, and the
crowd was greater than usual. She
bad wandered about from floor to
floor, a little bewildered at the magni
tude of the establishment the largest
she had ever seen.
Seeing her, a floorwalker approached
and said, .."Is snybody waiting on
you?"
"Yes, sir," said the girl, blushing to
the roots of her flaxen hair. "He's out
side; he wouldn't come in." — Philadel
phia Ledger.
It Is only by labor that thought can
be healthy and only by thought that
labor can be made happy. — i-'uskin
FRUITS AND FLOWERS.
. Rolling ground is the best for an or
chard. - ■
Blighted leaves and branches on fruit
trees should be cut off aud burned.
That a tree does not bear well every
year Is not an Indication of disease.
Most effective pruning is done in the
early stages of the orchard's growth.
One advantage in pruning during the
summer Is that the wounds heal very
quickly.
Dead branches r.re rftcn the mean!?
of conveying decay to an otherwise
healthy trunk.
In pruning roses cutting back closely
produces, as a rule, fewer blossoms, but
of a liner quality. '. . '
Never prune a tree unless there ia
good reason why a limb or branch
should be taken off.
A moderately heavy soil that has beeu
underdrained and subsoiled and thf.^
carefully worked is capable of produ^l
ing the heaviest crops of fruit.
Deceptions of Wild Rirds.
Falcons, hawks— the largest species
can compress their featheri aiul look
very slim if they think it nocessary to
do so. As to the owls, they can hump
up into any position they think most
suitable. It Is useless to look for thest
self preserving traits in any of the
family kept In zoological collections^
for the birds are so accustomed to si-e
large numbers of people passing aud
repasslng or standing In front of them
that they treat the whole matter with
perfect Indifference. They know that
at a certain time their food will bo
brought them and that they are other
.wise perfectly safe. Then the raptores
In a wild state have a bloom on their
plumage like the bloom on a buuch of
grain's, which is not often seen when In
captivity.— Cornliill Magazine.
Disenchanted.
"Until I met you. Matilda," he mur
mured in n voice husky with emotion,
"I belicvwl that all women were df
ceitfyl, but when I look Into your clear,
beautiful eyes I behold there the very
eoul of candor and loyalty."
"George," she exclaimed with enthu
siasm, "this la the happiest moment I
have known since papa took me to tho
.London oculist!"
"London oculist!" 1
"Yes, dear; you never would have
known that my left eye Is a glass one.".
Then the moon went under a cloud,
arid George sat down and burled his
face In the sofa cushion.— London An
swers.
Didn't Dare.
"Why. don't you try to demonstrate
to your constituents tha.t you are capa
ble of an unselfish action?"
"My dear sir," nnswered Senator Sor
ghum, "if these people who have
known me for years were to find me
doing something In which I had no ap
parent Interest they'd get suspicious
and decide that I was engaged in a
ileep and diabolical plot."— Washington
Ptar.
Alut), Too Late.
Kitty— What did you do when he
threatened to kiss yon?
Blanche— l diiln't do anything. Why
should I? I Just waited until he hail
committed an overt act
Kitty— And then?
Blanche— Why, then It was too late to
punish him.— Boston Transcript.
THE ORIGIN OF COFFEE.
•Why the Berry Deflea Production Id
the United States.
As to the history of coffee, the legend
runs that it was first found growing
wild in Arabia. Hadji Omar, a dervish,
discovered it in 1285, 017 years ago. He
was dying of hunger in the wilderness,
when, finding some small round ber
ries, he tried to eat them, but they were
bitter. He tried roasting them, nnd
these he finally steeped in some water
held in the hollow of his hand and
found the decoction as refreshing as if
he had partaken of solid food. He hur
ried back to Mocha, from which he had
been banished, and, inviting the wise
men to partake of bis discovery; they
were so well pleased with it that they
made him a saint
The story is told that coffee was in
troduced intothe West Indies In 1723
by Chirac, a* French physician, who
gave a Norman gentleman of the name
of De Clieux, a captain of Infantry on
his way to Martinique, a single plant.
The sea voyage was a stormy one, the
vessel was driven ont of her course, and
drinking water became so scarce that
It was distributed in rations. De CHeux,
with an affection for his coffee plant,
divided his portion of water with it and
succeeded in bringing it to Martinique,
although weak, not In a hopeless condi
tion. There he planted it In his garden,
protected it with a fence of thorns and
watched- It daily until the end of the
year, when he gathered two pounds of
coffee, which he distributed among the
inhabitants of the island, to be planted
by them. From Martinique coffee trees
in turn were sent to Santo Domingo,
Guadeloupe and other neighboring is
lands. .; ■ ■•
The coffee tree is ; an evergreen shrub,
growing, in Its natural state, to a height
of fourteen to eighteen feet It is usu
ally kept trimmed, however, for con
venience in picking the berries, which
grow along the branches close to the
leaves and resemble in shape and color
ordinary cherries. The tree cannot be
grown above the frost line, neither can
it be successfully grown in the tropics.
The most successful climate for produc
tion is that found at an altitude of
about 4,000 feet. Anything much above
this is In danger of frost, which is fatal
to the tree, and when coffee Is grown
much below this it requires artificial
shade, which materially Increases' the
cost of production and does not produce
as marketable berries. It Is owing to
this particular requirement that coffee
has never been successfully produced
in the United States.— Success. .
MAKING BREAD.
Biscuit and rolls require a hotter
oven than bread.
Bread should rise to twice Its original
quantity before It is ready to bake.
The sponge should be set at night if
the baking is to be done in the morn-
Ing; otherwise set It early in the morn
ing. - . ,: . ■-■■.;'.
Bread and biscuits should rise in a
moderately warm place, for If too cold
it will be heavy or If too hot it is likely
to sour.
Milk is preferable for mixing. In
some cases the quantity used will have
to be varied a little, as some flour will
absorb more moisture than others.'
A good sponge can be made of one
pint of sifted flour, one cake of com
pressed yeast dissolved in a cupful of
warm water and liquid % enough to
make a batter. J It should be left to
rise till light.— Exchange. ' , j
Debts' ln China.
In China one can always borrow
money on the strength of having a son,
but nobody would advance him a cent
If he had a dozen .daughters. The
former Is responsible for the dt'bts of
his father for three generations. The
latter is only responsible for the debts
of her own husband. • , ; .
"Liverpool, generally called a wet
place, has an average rainfall per an
num of 34 1-3 inches,
" When the butter won't
come put a penny in the
churn," is an old time dairy
proverb. It often seems to
work though no one has ever
told why.
When mothers are worried
because the children do not
gain strength and flesh we
say give them' Scott's Emul-
sion.
♦ It is like the penny in the
milk because it works and
because there is something
astonishing about it.
Scott's Emulsion is simply
a milk of pure cod liver oil
with some hypophosphites
especially prepared for delicate
Children take to it naturally
because they like the taste
and the remedy takes just as
naturally to the children be-
cause it is so perfectly adapted
to their wants.
For all weak and pale and
thin children Scott's Emulsion
is^ the most satisfactory treat-
ment ~ ■
pgy^^ ~*l We will send you
■^gj-'jjSW the penny, /. c., a
jEsKaiScP ' iC rurc lliat tllis picture in
«53|3BgS9T<«* t'"<- fcr •! <-f a Libel is mi the
Btff^TSjfT' '..i.-.pi c <•( every bottle of
ji|J||£S SCOTT & BOVVNE,
jffiftgffii«fi< Chemists,
gjggg 409 Pearl St., N. Y.
™*™"^^™ joe. and Ji.oo ; alt druggist*,
BARS TO MATRIMONY
FEAR KEEPS MANY MEN FROM THE
BLISS OF WEDDED LIFE.
Some Instances of a Lack, of Snffl
' dent Plnck to Take the Fateful
Trip to the Altar— Various Reasons
That All Spell "Afraid." ■
"There is a great deal of specula
tion," said a well known lawyer, "as
to why men are so reluctant to marry,
but one reason never seems to occur to
the speculators, and 'that Is that many
of them are 'afraid to. No, I am not
Joking. It is a sotfer and well con
sidered statement of fact, for which I
can adduce _as { many proofs as you
want, that many men would almost as
soon think of patting a fierce bull on
the head or facing the midnight bur
glar as taking a trip to the altar.
"I remember as a boy an amusing
specimen of this kind of_mQii In lowa.
He was a farmer and was as notorious
for his amorous entanglements as for
his ingenuity in getting out of them
when marriage began to loom near.
It was said he had been engaged a
dozen times, and though he left all his
fiancees in the lurch he never found
any difficulty "in getting a successor.
One day my father, who was his law
yer, asked him: 'Why don't you get
married, John? It Isn't for want of
opportunities, you know, and it's quite
time you thought of settling down.'
" 'Well, sir,' John answered, 'it's this
way: You see, I like coortlng well
enough, but I can nlvver summon up
pluck to go any further. To tell you
the. truth, I'm afeard of getting tied
for life to one of 'em.'
; "If you have heard many breach of
promise suits you will have observed
that this wholesome dread of matri
mony is the cause of a good proportion
of . them, though all the defendants
have not the courage to say so. .'.
"One client of mine had allowed mat
ters to proceed right to the eve of the
wedding day, when -he disappeared
mysteriously and was not discovered
for some months. The young lady
promptly sued him for damages ' for
breach, and at the hearing the reason
for his conduct came out. He admitted
that he was fond of the girl, but sun
dry exhibitions of her temper and Jeal
ousy which he had witnessed ■ had so
scared him that he simply hadn't the
courage to marry her. • 'I meant to
marry her right enough,' he said, *but
when it came to the point my courage
failed me, and I thought It safer to
bolt.'
"In another case in which a widow
sued a widower for playing her false
the defendant put in a singular plea. It
seems that the widow's family strongly
objected to the match, and as passive
opposition was useless to prevent it one
of the sons, a stalwart young fellow,
called on the middle aged wooer and
told him that if he persisted In his suit,
he (the son) would give him such a
thrashing as would effectually cure
him of any further sentiment 'So
what could I do?' the defendant pathet
ically asked.
"The more one sees behind the scenes
the more one realizes that there is often
a great deal to be said for the man who
loves and runs away. One of my clients
a few years ago found himself in an
awkward quandary. He had engaged
himself to three girls at different times
and, having- canceled his engagements
with two, was on the eve of marrying
No. 3. . No sooner was his intention
known than the two Jilted ladies threat
ened him with legal proceedings if he
persisted in his proposed marriage, and
the favored lady in turn threatened a
similar fate if he didn't.
"Here was a dilemma, for whatever
he did would end unpleasantly. How
ever, like a prudent man, he decided to
run the smaller risk. Ho pacified his
two former fiancees by canceling his
engagement and prepared Jo face the
music of the third lady.
"The mother-in-law is often a fatal
disturber «f love's young dream. '. One
breach of promise defendant declared
that he would willingly have married
the plaintiff only he couldn't stand
her mother at any price, and the pros
pect of having his married happiness
disturbed by her interference so scared
him that he decided It was more pru
dent to break off the engagement, while
another frail lover actually stated in
court that he was afraid to marry the
plaintiff lest she should 'grow up like
her mother,' whose 'tongue and tem
per' had shown him some of. the less
desirable possibilities of married life.
"One man whom I defended last year
seems to have had a constitutional
dread of matrimony. He had been en
gaged to the plaintiff no less than nine
years. ' Four times the wedding day
had been fixed, and as many times it
was adjourned by his wish. Finally
he cried off altogether, and In conrt he
declared that, although he loved the
girl, he felt he could never screw up
the courage to marry her. When he
was asked the reason for his diffidence
he said that he had seen so much of
the unhappy side of married life and
the difference between wooing and
wedding that he didn't feel equal to
running the risk.
"These are but a rew from scores of
slnillur cases which have come within
my own knowledge. One man feared
to face matrimony on account of his
fiancee's extravagance, another quaint
ly confessed a horror of his wife's
cooking and domestic gifts generally,
Jt third defendant was afraid to wed
because a distant relative of his lady
love had died in an asylum, and so on.
But, whatever the cause, you may take
Jny word for it that the men who are
flownright afraid to take wives are le
gion."—Chicago Tribune.
Careful.
"Bridget, can I trust you with the
china?"
"Sure ye can, ma'am. Oi'll save ev
ery piece."— LJfe.
L. OETTINGKK S. N. KMGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry I Machine Shop
Sutter Creek. Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
.ill kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
■■( mining and milling machinery made at the
-hortcst notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to tho
Met Uukl we keep constantly on hand a large
■\--.f -nmplete stock of bar, refined and Norway
•mv, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc., which we will
SOU V (the. £9 WEST VASH fRICES,
<!THE RED FRONT!:
|~" # "~i: JACKSON'S' j ♦♦♦""♦•l
I I ..Cheapest Dry Goods Store..!; i
I : TOTJ O-AJjT • - > - j
DRESS II FOB IE It !
J ; This is your season— our season, you need things, and we have '
< 1 them for you. Never before have we been so well prepared to meet *
J ; your demands in the line of men's, boy's and children's clothing. We '
< , have endeavored to get the best on the market for the least possible !
|; money. We know just what Jackson folks want; we have studied '
< » their tastes long enough, and know just how to suit them best. You !
J can, therefore, reasonably expect to nnd here just what you want; — ;
.< p ' ■__: :_ ' -•■"--* • ■■.-■«■ -~ -■ ...
I Men's Overcoats ' 3Q f^^T^ I
1 ; Swell in looks— Good in qual- Mvl||si\^s^^^a^^^^ '
♦ The "Romanatz"- the' swellest L^r7^T^Wi!^^sl '
;, Bovercoats in town for men; made /I z£-^ I AWy^SQVb '
414 1 zof Jieavy Venice cloth; worth II f^ Yf - ./^7Br '
<| $11.00; our price.. $7.50 if / *\Ax _% ''
<> $900 Men's Overcoat for $5.95 /jj / I^^Sil
\ \ Made of good heavy danube cloth. II I IPvKfl
J; $8.00 Men's Overcoat for $4.95 /*/il ,-/ JspsPj|
j 1 Black, browD. Matchless bargain. Wf*. I /^M^^^
]: Men's and Boy's Suits iTfjYTW^^
\\ Men's Winter Suits $600 I I \\\ I^W^
\\ Worth $10. Navy blue, Swedish I I .IA VI l>Wl ■-.
(.cloth. Round corners. f I 1\ I A Sot / ■
< '<% Men's Dress Suits $8.75 I ■ Y'lWl/
<>. A $12.50 quality. Full assortment tt ";' ' Vii\ -C» 'J '' '
J| of various patterns. ;IT •■ . vSik -^ "^ *- ' ■"•
J | . ; — THE LATEST— ' ' ' *"■ *--
;; • $18 Men's Suits for $12.50 Children's Suits at $1.25 : \
| \ Assorted patterns; swell garments; < Made of heavy melton cloth, with '
, , well tailored ; latest cut. ■- ■ be. 11 around coat. The latest. |
2 Boy's Suits for $4.45 Higher grade Children's Suits '[
I I Sold all over at $7.00; a complete ! w frOm $l ; 50 "P to $3's<>3 ' 5 <> '
<' illne to select from?; We guarantee to save you 2o per ..;
♦ ■-..-■ cent if you buy your child's suit ,
| Boy's Dress Suits at $6.00 fromus ' ' ;^' •"'"_ •- ; ' :: - \
< <'■ Regular value $9; latest cut; welPMen's $3.50 Trousers for $2.50 !
] | tailored; sizes from 12 to 19 years. Good business pants. \
] ! Ladies' Capes & Skirts Girl's Coats— Short : and Long ".:
J;. Ladies' black capes, $5.00. Usu- [ A new and up-to-date line at prices '
« , ally sold at $7.00. The season's lat- ranging between $2.00 and $7.00.' A '"'
JestJ est production. Made of heavy f "" . llne , t0 ? elect from - Different ,
. . Grenaires cloth. . Also lots of others Bt y les ana colors - [
♦ and P $3 C 00 8 FangiDff betweefl 82 ' 00 '"en's and Boy's Sweaters » ;
,', I The prettiest stock in town. All !
j > Ladies' Skirts— sl.so to $10 prices, all kinds, all colors. ',
The Cow and the Ox In India.
I Pew people traveling . in India can
fall to notice the part played, whether
in the flesh or Its representation, by the
cow and the ox. Sacred cattle wander
unmolested and unmolesting through
the streets of the cities, more especial
ly in the south, : generally, decorated
with garlands of flowers; stone "nan
dis," the bulls of Siva,, keep guard be
fore his temples and round his tanks;
they are portrayed in fresco or in carv
ing on the walls of many a rock cavern.
Oxen turn mills, plow the land, are the
drawers and carriers of water and,
above all, are Invaluable for drawing
loads. Cattle, as is well known, are by
Hindoos held in great and superstitious
reverence, Ganges water poured over a
cow's tail being equivalent to the kiss
ing of the sacred book or taking an
oath. Yet, unfortunately, the draft bull
often receives very rough treatment at
his driver's hands. So long as the ani
mal's life is not taken ill treatment
counts as nothing among these people
who regard the brutes as sacred.
Sudden Lapse of Memory.
"I saw the whole thing," said the
passenger with the nose glasses. "I was
standing on the front platform when
the car hit the wagon.' It was all the
fault of the blamed driver. He started
to cross the track when the car wasn't
ten feet away. The motorman shut off
the power and put on the brakes, but
he couldn't stop in-time. Some of these
fool drivers are always doing that sort
of thing. It would serve 'em right if—
: Here a policeman with a notebook
came along.
"Did you see how this happened?" he
asked.
. "Me?" said the man with the nose
glasses. "Gosh, no! I don't know a
thing about it"— Chicago Tribune.
A Doubting Father.
Mr. George Manville Fenn was In
the Reform club one afternoon, says a
London Journal, when he noticed that
an old gentleman, a friend of his, was
looking rather perturbed, so he In
quired If there was anything the mat
ter. "Well," said the old gentleman,
"the fact Is my son has got a play
coming out tonight, and I fear It will
be a ghastly failure. He can write
pretty little plays when he likes, but
this one he has written Is a nonsensical
sort of a thing, nnd I'm sure It won't
do at all. However, I suppose I must
go and see it." The n&me was
William S. Gilbert, and the play was
"Trial by Jury."
Sick Herrings.
"Why," said a youngster to his elder
brother, "do herrings have so many
more Illnesses than other flsh?"
"Who says they do?" asked the
Jfouth addressed.
"Why, this book says that thousands
apon thousands of them are cured ev
ery year."
Silence Is Golden.
"Of course," said the beginner, "to be
enccessful In politics one must know
how to speak."
"Botter still," replied the old hand,
"he must know how not to speak."—
Exchange,, . •■
When a woman gives way to anger
abe bega her «wn pardon -with teara.
Ten Cents Per Copy.
At the Theater.
One of the most annoying things in
the world is to go to the theater and
sit back of a man who has been to see
the play and insists upon telling his
companion all about the performance
and what's coming next The other
night at one of the local playhouses a
man was greatly annoyed by the occu
pant of the seat in front, of him talk-
Ing In a loud voice about what wat
going to happen on theystageJ' Finally,
when the talk I became Incessant, be
exclaimed:.. ... • . - : : . :-.
"What an infernal nuisance I"; -. V:
The man In front turned around and
1 said in a threatening voice:
"Do yon refer to me, sir?" •
"No, Indeed," replied the man In the
row; behind. .: "I was simply, saying
what I thought of the actors. They
are making no much noise that I can't
hear one-half of your Interesting and
'valuable conversation." — Philadelphia
Press. :' f. . .
Imitation.
i The hairdresser, had done rather a
hasty Job on the ..raven locks of th«
young woman.-
j "Well," she 1 said, surveying the re
sult in the mirror, tthis is a shampoo,
ill right, If there is any such thing as
real "poo.' "—Chicago Tribune. '
Don't misjudge a serious face for a
m,eao one. Remember your fox
wh.at seems to be a smile.—Schoolmas
ter.
The Lore of Eating. «b
IS THE AMERICAN BECOM- ft*/
IN<J A GOURMAND ? IwL
In our largest cen- /'/ \l. I
ters of population, / I 111
such as New York and | \\ \
Chicago, we daily see Ttl
more attention given \\X
to the inner man.
Cafes and lunch-rooms are filled with men -~ -
and women who seem to give all their time
and attention to thoughts of properly or
improperly feeding their stomachs. "It is j
of course best to eat slowly, but not too
much," says Dr. Pierce, chief : consulting
physician to the Invalids' Hotel and Sur-
gical Institute, of Buffalo, N. Y. In this
30th century people devote so much time
to head work that their brain is fagged and -
there isn't sufficient blood left to properly
take care of the other organs of the body.
The stomach must be assisted in its hard
work — the liver started into action — by the
use of a good stomach tonic, which should
be entirely of vegetable ingredients and
without alcohol. After years of experience ' 9
in an active practice, Dr. Pierce discovered/
a remedy that suited these conditions in a
blood-maker and tissue-builder. He called
it Dr. Pierce ' 9 Golden Medical Discovery
—^m alterative extract that assists in the
digestion and assimilation of the food in'
the stomach — so that the blood gets what
it needs for food and oxidation, the liver is
at the same time started into activity and
there is perfect elimination of waste mat-
ter. When the blood is pure and rich, all
the organs work without effort, and the
body is like a perfect machine.
Free! Dr. Pierce s Common "> Sense
Medical Adviser is sent /ret on receipt of
stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Send 31 one-cent stamps for the book itt
paper covers,, or 31 stamps for the cloth-
bound volume. Address Cr. R. V. Pierw. ? y
Buffalo, N. Y.THE AMADOR LEDGER
Published Fridays by
Amador County Publishing Co.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One year (in advance 12 50
One year (if not in advance) 3 00
Six months 1 25
Three months 75
One or more copies, each 10
Legal advertising— per sqr.-lst insertion. II 00
Subsequent Insertions— per square-each. . 50
■NTERED AT THE POSTOrFICE AT JACKSON AS
SECOND-CLASS HATTER.
THTQ PAPPR is kept on Hie at E. C.
lnid rArEn DAKES Advertising
Agency, 124 Sanscme St , San Francisco, Cali
fornia, where contracts for advertising can be
made for it.
R. WEBB - - - - Editor and Manager
FRIDAY NOVEMBER 20, 1903
TO CORRESPONDENTS.
I We look to the friends of the Ledger to keep
us posted concerning events of public interest
happening in any part of the county. Our reg
ular correspondents will be .furnished with
writing material and stamps for this purpose.
Births, deaths, marriages, accidents, amuse
ments, mining and other industrial progress,
social topics, new buildings, persons leaving
or coming into the county, are always accept
able. Give details of Important items, no
matter in how rough a shape. Avoid personal
remarks that might give offense. Visitors be
tween towns in the county need not be men
tioned, but visits from or to places beyond the
county may be recorded. ■
GRAND JURY REPORT.
The report of the grand jury which
appears elsewhere in this issue, is
the most sensible and businesslike
document that has been presented
by a grand jury in: this county for
many years. We are free to say
that the body that met last week ap
peared to be . actuated by a deter
mination to do something of a prac
tical nature, and they have accom
plished that purpose. The report is
short; but it is to the point. . The
topics treated upqn are few, but not
one suggestion however is out of
place, while several are of vital im
portance to the welfare of the coun
ty; We note in this report an en
tire absence of that fulsome adula
tion which had become almost ster
eotyped in such reports. The jury
was no doubt hampered by lack of
time. Called together on Friday,
and with an objection to adjourning
over Sunday, it was deemed ad vis-,
able to get through with their labor
Saturday night, and they did so,
having an evening session for that
purpose. Had it not been for this
pressure of time-limit, the disposi
tiori"of the jury would have probably
been to probe county affairs more
minutely. As.it is, they have un
questionably made a good beginning
in the direction of reform . By ; ' all
odds, the most important suggestion
made by the report is the recom
mendation that persons doing work
for the county upon the roads, swear
to their own claims, and have them
allowed in their own names. The
system of proxy affidavits, the lump
ing of twenty or thirty different
claims in the name of the road com
missioner, who alone figures in the
minutes as the claimant, has been
fought by the Ledger for years. It
is not sanctioned by law, its ten
dency is vicious and utterly opposed
to public interests. We have no
hesitation in saying that if the result
of_ the grand jury meeting is the
abolition of this abomination — and
it will most assuredly end that way—
it will have brought about the most
desirable reform that has been ac
complished in Amador county for
the past twenty years, i ....•:
The only argument that has been
trotted forward in behalf of the dis
credited system is that it effects a
saving in the matter of record books.
If road bills are to be presented by
the parties actually performing the
work, and separately entered in the
minutes, it is argued the space in
the court house will rapidly fill up
with record books. Besides, this
lumping of the bills by the super
visor in each district saves con
siderable clerical labor in entering
up the minutes. It is easier to
record one bill presented by a super
visor, than twenty or more bills pre
sented by as many differentjvorkers
on the road.' ; This reasoning is
specious, jj and altogether unsound.
If it is good in road matters, it
ought to be.good. in other depart
ments. Why not the superintendent
of the hospital lump ali the bills
against the hospital fund, and draw
the money, and pay the same to the
different parties entitled I thereto.
That would be just as legal as the
adoption of the system in road mat
ters. Why not the district attorney
or the clerk undertake to consolidate
all the claims against the current
expense fund in the same way. The
plan would save clerical work, and
also economize in record space and
stationery. If it is in order to keep
the taxpayers in the dark as to the
identity of claimants against the
road funds, it ' is equally proper to
conceal the personality of the claim
ants against other funds. The fact
is the method is wrong; it is con
trary to law, it is . demoralizing in
its tendency, and no greater service
was ever rendered by a grand jury
than the recommeudation by that
body that it be discontinued.
Bad Indeed.
Losing flesh is indeed a bad sign.
Take Scott's Emulsion for it. For
weak digestion, for defective nourish
ment, for consumption, take Scott's
Emulsion. It restores flesh because .t
strikes to the cause of the loss. • ■
Advertise in the Ledger.
THE LABOR WAR IN TUOLUMNE
The labor agitators at Soulsby
ville, Tuolumne county, who took it
upon themselves to run the Chinese
out pf that camp have "struck"
trouble. A few Chinamen were em
ployed at*the Black Oak mine in
doiDg such work as no white man
could be got to do at the same
wages— sl.7s per day. It was dis
agreeable work, and the pay — al
though as much as the company
could afford— was not such as to in
duce other workmen to accept the
job. -Two or three union men of the
professional agitator stripe, con
ceived the idea that it was all wrong
to have these Celestials earning this
pittance. They raised the oft-re
peated cry of "The Chinese must
go." Their crwn miners' union would
not sanction', the program, so they
took their trumpet tongues to near
by camps and succeeded in gather
ing an army.of about 150 ignorant
sympathizers, and with this force de
scended upon the mine, and by force
and violence drove or carried the
Mongolians off. The affair was
"peaceably and quietly done, 1 ' runs
oue account. In their overweening
vanity these leaders— dressed in a
little brief authority — imagined they
were doing great things by this cru
sade: They wanted to pose as vindi
cators of the rights of the oppressed
legions of labor. They thought with
the union cohorts behind them, they
were numerically strong — strong
enough to take the law into their
own hands. It is unfortunate that
instead of trying to discourage the
spirit of defiance, those whose busi-f
ness it is to guide popular sentiment
into healthy channels have remain
ed dumb- awed by the strength of
the union movement. The result is
the mining enterprise which has
been the mainstay of • the place for
years, is at a standstill; the miners
are out of work. The boycotters find
their victory turned, into a defeat,
and that with their sympathizers,
they constitute a very small minority
in the dominions of Uncle Sam. The
state, county, and federal govern
ments are on their trail, demanding
the punishment of the perpetrators
of this outrage upon our free insti
tutions. The movement has proved
a boomerang. The Western Fed
eration has been seriously crippled
of late by the acts of its rabid mem
bers. It should muzzle the fire
eaters or fire them out of its ranks
if it wishes to regain the confidence
of the classes it is designed to help
and defend. i
A Good Same.
From personal experience I testify
that DeWitt's Little Early Risers are
unequalled as a liver pill. They are
rightly named because they give
strength and energy and do their work
with ease. —W. T. Easton, Boerne,
Tex. Thousands of people are using
these tiny little pills in preference to
all others, because they are so pleasant
and effectual. They cure biliousness,
torpid liver, jaundice, sick headache,
constipation,' etc. They do not purge
and weaken, but cleanse and strength
en. Sold by City Pharmacy, Jackson.
Severely Injured by a Fall.
D. A. Patterson, county recorder,
met with a severe fall Monday after
noon. It was the first time he had
been 'down to his office for a week,
owing to the damp weather. / Monday
afternoon he was sitting on top of the
steps of the hall of records enjoying a
sun bath. He got up to get down the
steps. He had I scarcely started when
his crutches seemed to slip, and he fell
from the top clear to the bottom. His
bead struck the concrete pavement
round the well, with such force as to
cut a gash in the skull, from which the
blood flowed freely. Assistance was
promptly rendered, and Dr. Gall reach
ed him in a few minutes. He was un
conscious for a short time. He was
taken home on a cot. An examination
showed that his right arm was broken,
and that he has received, a severe
shaking up. His advanced age and
feeble health makes the accident as
sume a much more serious phase than
it would otherwise. ; .
Church Bazaar and Supper-
St. Augustine's Episcopal church of
Jackson gave a 6upper and bazaar in
the Brown building on Court street
last everjing The ladies of the. guild
had been working for months in mak
ing fancy articles of every description
for this bazaar, the proceeds of which
were to go for the benefit of thechurch.
The weather proved exceedingly un
favorable, nevertheless the supper was
well patronized, netting about $20. We
are not able to give the outcome of the
bazaar. Among the articles on exhi
bition was a painting of tho battleship
Maine, by Mrs. Jos. Coombs, which at
tracted much attention, as it was placed
on view in tho show window of Glavino
vich's store. It was disposed of by
raffle, at 50 cents a chance. We Have
not heard who secured the prize.
Advertise in the Ledger.
CASTOR IA
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /rf S/tf//^_^T
Signature of (-^ut^^f, f-cCtc&eAi
Uncalled-for Letters.
Letters remaining unclaimed in tho
Jackson, Cal., postofflco, for tho week
ending Nov. 20,1903:
Stere Casselll " . Joseph Bardllle
Milan Andijetich John Gordon
Dave Hutch (cd) Geo. James
Carlo Nicolettl Castelina Luca
Leslie Mulkay Dominic La Rohnrdier
Jacob Rasmussen Eugene Welllci (cd)
G. p. Folgek, Postmaster.
THE MTATWB LEDSEB, JAOKSOX, CALIFORNIA, FIiIPAV, NOVEMBER 20. 190 3.
Grand Jury Report.
To tho honorable superior court,
county of Amador, state of California.
We, tbe members of the grand jury
duly impaneled. at Jackson, November
13, 1903, respectfully submit the follow
ing report:
We vibited the county hospital, and
found it in good condition, with the ex
ception that the main part of the build
ing needs a new roof. We found 58 in
mates therein . We would recommend
that the board of supervisors havo a
new roof put on the main or old portion
of the building; that they havo screens
put in all the outside duors and win
dows of the county hospital, and fur
nish tbe steward with books and have
him keep just and correct accounts of
all supplies received and disposed of at
tho county hospital.- Also that the
district attorney inquire into and have
such in mates as should be paying in
mates, pay the rate fixed by the board
of supervisors into the county treasury.
We would further recommend that
the grounds arofcnd the hospital be
cultivated to a certain extent, to im
prove the appearance of the place and
also be a benefit to tho finances of the
institution.
Wo find the present management to
be satisfactory, except in the matter of
being absent from the institution more
than we deem actually necessary."
The grand jury having obtained in
formation that there are various saloons
throughout this county frequented by
minors, and liquor obtained there by
them, and having been informed tjiat
one such place is run in such a manner
that the same is detrimental to the
morals of the community in which it is
conducted in defiance of the law and
the law officers; wo would recommend
that the board of ■ supervisors revoke
the license of all such places.
We would also recommend that tho
officers enforce the law in reference to
young men making' their homes in
houses of ill fame.
We have looked over the books and
accounts of the various officers of tbe
county and find the same in good or
der, and that the books are kept in
good shape; and find nothing to war
rant the appointment of an expert to
examine the same. : :^-' :'•'.. :
We counted the money in the treas
ury and found the amouut to .be
$32,940.88, which corresponds with the
statement of the county auditor. . •
The jail was carefully looked into and
found to be in good condition and neat
ly kept. We found two prisoners
therein, one committed for vagrancy,
and one not committed; the district at
torney awaiting the result of assault
committed by the prisoner before mak
ing the charge.
We would recommend that the road
commissioners see to the matter of
having meu working upon the roads,
each doing eight hours work per day
when working on the same.
We would also recommend to the
board of supervisors that tho custom
of the road commissioners putting in
the various items for road work in the
various districts into one bill, and
sworn to by the road commissioner of
each district be discontinued, and that
each one have each person performing
services or furnlshfng material for
roads make out and verify his bill, and
the same be allowed in the name of
such person.
We also recommend that the court
room of the supreme court be furnished
with a comfortable set of chairs for the
trial juries.
The jury finds that the telephone
bills of the county officers are increas
ing every month. It would recommend
that each officer have all messages not
pertaining to county business charged
to the party sending or receiving the
same. ' Vf-
In conclusion, we desiro to thank the
county officers for their uniform kind
ness in furnishing us information as de
sired, and courtesy in explaining vari
ous matters to this jury. .: ■ .--
. Respectfully submitted,
M. D. Nixon, Foreman.
L. J. Fontenrose, Secretary.
Dated Jackson, Nov. 14, 1903.
v , A •«!%£>,. JL MASON'S O.K.CATC
THtCRfAnOPPCRFtCTIOtI \\ V<*, - l
¦"'AStLFOPtIiINt C«TfcL.«N ~"V% .
THE LLCYO CO .' r-ji^St,.
»OLt«QtnTS«hOM«n F. C Tu«t«> \jT EHSu,.
PtT*IUMJ* CAL* T " —^Wz.
Wlllt fOR QtHLOCyf AS » '• -\ ' ••€
Clande Smith at Tonopah.
Claude Smith, well-known through
out this county, and for a time con
nected with the Lodger in 1902, is still
in the vicinity of Tonopah, Nev. He
is in a mining district named Goldfield,
adjacent to the Tonopah district, and
a camp only recently discovered. From
the Tonopah Miner of Nov. 7, wo take
the following items, which indicate
that our friend Smith has got fairly
started on the road to prosperity, being
both office holder and mine owner:
District Recorder Smith states that
the books of his office have arrived,
and he is now ready for business. He
will soon commence the construction of
a combined otiice and residence.
Smith and Kernick.are just com
pleting the location work on the Spear
head group of 11 claims. On the Algao
Fraction, at a depth of 7 feet, they
have a lodge 5 feet wide, and homings
of tho ore have indicated a value of
close to $100 to the ton. On tho Eliza
beth claim of this group, the location
work has just been started, butalroady
good ore has been found; a picked
sample from which went $50 to tho ton.
Mr. Smith was asked to put a price on
this group, but refused to do so until
considerable moro development work
has been done.
H. £. Church Services.
Services will bo held at tho Methodist
church on the Sabbath day as usual.
The pastor will preach morning and
evening. Morning subject: "Soul or
wealth." Evening subject: Tho sec
ond of a series of sermons to young
people on "The prodigal son." Spec
ial music at both services. Sunday
school at 2 o'clock.
SUPERIOR COURTS
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
E. G. Amiok vs. M. K. Bell—Hear
ing of,motion to set case for trial con
tinued until Dec. 7.
Celeste Matroni 6t al vs, Egidio Caili
et al— Trial had, and matter submitted.
H. H. B. Brown vs. A. E. Timms—
Demurrer submitted. :
Guilia Oneto vs. Baitolotneo Onoto—
Order unado reducing- alimony to bo
paid by defendant to plaintiff from $30
to $]0 per month, to be paid Trom
rental of property in San Francisco.
Estate of James F. Parks— Notice to
creditors ordered published. W. F
Dotert. Web Smith and R. I. Kerf ap
pointed appraisers. \
Estate of William Shehady-Final
account sottled, and administrator dis
charged.
Estate of Felice Galoazzi— Letters of
administration heretofore issued to
Geo. A. Gritton, as public adminis
trator, revoked, and letters issued to
Constante Galeazzi, he having, prior
right, upon filing bond of $300. '
Estate of Lucian A. Guinand— Notice
to creditors ordered published. ; •*. ■".':
Estate and guardianship of Daniol
Massa, minor— Guardian ordered to filo
final account, and turn over funds to
said Daniel Massa.
Guardianship of , Lucy Isaminger-^
Nettle Rule appointed guardian upou
filing bond in sum of $50. '.-■; v. ! V:
Estate of William Maloney— Objec
tions being, filed by W. J. McGee, hear
ing of account of special administrator
was continued.
Estate of Simono Molfino— Final ac
count settled and decree of distribution
made. The residue of money in hands
of administrator at time of filing ac
count was $15,490.07 in cash, notes and
mortgages. Amount paid out, $7157.18.
Estate distributed as follows: \An un
divided one-half to Martruorita Molfino,
widow of deceased, as her sole and
separate property, the other half to
said Marguerita Molfino, to be her solo
and separate property during her life
time, and upon her death .to be dis
tributed iv equal shares to tho surviv
ing children viz: V. B. Molfino, Mary
Augelo Rifa,' Theresa Catteriia Cuneo,
Lorenzo Stefano MolGno, Lena Angelo
Molfino, Guiseppe G. Molfino, and
Simone Frank Molfino. ■ '. -. it-
Guardianship of Mary T. O'Noil—
Order made allowing $25 per month for'
maintenance and education of said
minor. '■ "
Estate of A. N. Robert— Hearing of
Snal account continued until Nov. 21.
Estate of Frank Frates— Hearing of
petition for letters continued until Nov
23. .; . , >
-NEW CASES.
Estate of William Mitchell— G: M.
Huberty, as public administrator, peti
tions for letters of administration. De-
ceased recently met his death by fall
ing down the shaft of the South Eureka
mino'. His estate consists of. personal
property valued at about $150, as fol
lows: Deposited with S. Vicini, $76.00;
due from South Eureka Company,
$72.75. There are no known heirs. '
Estate of Mitchell Tripkovich, com
monly known as Mitchell Brown— G.
M. Huberty, as public administrator,
petitions for letters. 1 Deceased died on
the 7th instant in Jackson, leaving an
estate consisting of $150 in coin, and . a
balance of $160' due on an account.
There are no known heirs.
Estate of Frank Frates— W. A. Ben
netts, on the 18th instant, filed a petition
for general letters of administration, as
the guardian of F^ Frates jr. Nov. 28
has been appointed for hearing same.
A Remarkable Case
■ One of the most remarkable cases of
a cold, deep-seated on the lungs, caus
ing pneumonia, is that of Mrs. Ger
trude E. Fenner, Marion, Ind., who
was entirely cured by the use of One
Minute Cough Cnre. She says: "The
coughing and straining so weakened
me that I ran down in weight from 148
to 02 pounds. I tried a number of
remedies to no avail until I used One
Minute Cough Cure. Four bottles of
this wonderful remedy cured -me en
tirely of the cough, stronglliened my
lungs and restored me to my normal
weight, health and strength." Sold by
City Pharmacy, Jackson.
Shipping from the Agricultural Station.
A pair of Persian sheep were shipped
from the 'agricultural station on Wed^
nesday, also a lot of choice pot plants
and shrubs. The sheop were each
packed in a wire cage, and sent by ox
press to a point in Montana. Those
sheep, it is claimed, thrivo well in- this
county. The wool is of longer stape
than the common sheep, and commands
a higher price; besides tho fleece is
heavier. All tho movable property ij
being sent away from tho station, pre
liminary to its being surrendered to the
trustees. We understand tho station
is to be turned over to tho throe trus
tees—A. Caminotti, W. E. Kent and
M. Nowman— for tho benefit of the
town. What will be done with it after
tho trustees are in control we do not
know.
School Report.
The following named pupils of Pio
neer district were perfect in attendance
during the month onding Nov. 13, 1903:
Arthur Borg, Oliver Kimball, Percy
Thompson, Claude McKonzie, Louis
Hamilton, Clarence Trackwell, Violot
Hamilton, Lillie Condray.
: .Vanne L. Mclaughlin, Teacher.
Deafness Cannot be Cured
by local applications as they cannot
reach the diseased portion of • the car
There is only one way to cure deafness,
and that Is by constitutional remedies.
Deafness is caused by an inflamed con
dition of the mucous lining of the Eus
tachian Tube. When this tube is in
flamed you havo a rumbling sound or
imperfect hearing, and when it is en
tirely closed, deaf ness _is the result,
and unless the inflammation can bo
taken out and this tube restored to its
normal condition, hearing will be do
stroyed forever; nine cases out of ten
are caused by Catarrh, which is noth
ing but an inflamed condition of the
mucous surfaces.
We will give One Hundred Dollars
for any case of Deafness (caused by ca
tarrh) that cannot be cured by Hall's
Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.
P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.
Sold by Druggists, 75c. r
Hall's Family PUis are tho best.
Sour
Stomach
; : No appetite, loss of strength, nervouv
ness, headache, constipation, bad breath,
general debility, sour risings, and catarrh of
the stomach are all due to indigestion. Kodol
cures Indigestion. This new discovery repre-
sents the natural Juices of digestion as they
exist In a healthy stomach, combined with
the greatest known tonic and reconstructive
properties. Kodol Dyspepsia Cure does not
only cure Indigestion and dyspepsia, but this
famous remedy cures all stomach troubles
by cleansing, purifying, sweetening and
strengthening the mucous membranes lining
the stomach.
Mr. S. S. Ball, of Ravenswood, W. Va.. says:-
I was troubled with sour stomach for twenty years.
Kodol aired mo and wo ara now uslne It to milk
for baby.
Kodol Digests Whai Yon Eat.
Bottles only. $ 1 .00 Siza holdlne 2« times the trial
size, which sells for 59 cents.
Prepared by E. O. DeWltT & 00.. OHIOAQO
Kerr's Pharmacy, Jackson.
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
■ |The following instruments have been filed
for record in the recorder's office since our ■■ last
report. We publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to accede to
any request to suppress any document from
these columns. - Don't ask us to do so.]
.': deeds. - —
5 Fred B. LeMoin to Theodore Alviso
7 block 1, Drytown, $100.
~?S: C. Whee'.or to P. J.. Taylor— l2s
a*;i-es 30-8-40, $5000.
s Western Perm. G. M. Co. of Cal., to
Western Perm. G. M. Co. of Arizona —
Cousont to sell and .transfer property.
James Green and wife to Lena M.
Cox— Part of lot 13 block 10j Sutter
Crook, $1.
Mrs. Annio Edwards to Mrs. Lena
M. Cox— Part of lot 13 block 10, Sutter
Creek. $4.50.
Chas. E. Fournier to D. W. Stewart
— Lot on Jackson street, lone, $10.
Joseph Drondel to Calimeri Canonica
—Reconveyance of 160 acres, 14-6-12, $1,
. SATISFACTION OF MORTGAGES.
Matilda Nichols to F. J. Dovlin.
Matilda Nichols to R. L. Marsh.
B. Levaggi to R. T. Upton.
■ Jos. Dreudel to C Canonica.
MORTGAGES.
E. Liddieout to C. Soiraco — Chattel
mortgage horses, wagons, etc., to se
cure nioto of $118. . '■■ .';:-:,
Calimci-i Canonica to Biggia Cuneo—
160 acres, 14-0-12, $1200, ~ 1 year, eight
per cent.
•■ CERTIFICATES OF REDEMPTION.
• G. Ghilieri, lot in Volcano, sold for
taxes of ISW, $3.74.
Chas. Smith, house and lot in Sutter
Creek, taxes of 1902, $3.07. .-
C. Shallhorn, 3 lots in Oleta, taxes
of 1896, $17.12. ;-^-;
MISCELLANEOUS.
Plymouth Rock G. M. Co. to C..C.
Castlo et al — Notice of declination to
comply with tho conditions of bond-ass
igned by the Chicago Mining Co., per
taining to tho Price mining claim.
Oscar E. Lofstad, proof" of labor on
Red Tape quartz mine, Volcano district.
Subscribe for the Ledger. Only $2.50
a year. . , ■
BORN.
DEVALLE— In Jackson, November 13, 1903. to
the wife of Sam Devalle, a daughter.
~ MARRIED.
STEWART— IIOSKINS— In Jackson, Novem-
ber IS, 1903, by Rev. J. W. Phelps, William
Stewart to Miss Celia Hoskins, both of Sut-
ter Creek. -^>";;
DIED. ~~~
CONLON— In Jackson, November 16, 1903,
Thomas Conlon, aged about 70 years, a native
of Ireland.
BEST FOR THE
BOWELS
If you haven't a regular, healthy movement of tke
bowels every day, you're ill or will be. Keep yoar
bowels open, and be well. Force, in the shape ot vio-
lent physic or pill poison, is dangerous. The smooth-
•et, easiest, must perfect way of keeping the bowels
dear and clean is to take . , T™
EAT 'EM LIKE CANDY
Pleasant, Palatable, Potent. Taste Good. Do Good.
Never Sicken, Weaken, or Gripe. 10, 85, and 60 cent!
Eer box. Write for free sample, and booklet on
ealtb. Address 433
BTBKLINO BKHKDT COSPlfft, CHICAGO or SEW TORI.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEAN
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
: national:
i JACKSON, CAL. \
| BEST OF ACCOMMODATIONS |
S Rates $1.00 to $3.oo&Day 5
S -OFFICE FOR ALL- $
J STAGE LINES . {
S Frank A. Voorheis - Prop. $
••••••••••••••••••••••••••
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this bead, not exceed-
ing 5 lines, will bo inserted at 50c per month, or
5 cents per line for less than one month. •
-- - -:■■: :' •
■\TOUNTAIN RANCH FOR SALE:-A tract
XtX of 63 acres, situated one mile übove Aque-
duct, with a six-room house thereon; also a
small barn; SO acres cleared and fenced ;- quan-
tity of timber on the property. Tho place will
be sold at v bargain. For particulars apply to
the Ledger oQlcu. . my33-tf
BUILDING LOTS FRONTING ON STUMP
and Qenter streets; lots 50x130 feet; for
sale cheap. Apply Ledger office.
-IT7"ANTED — A FAITHFUL PERSON TO
YV travel for well established house in a
few counties, calling on retail merchants and
agents. Local territory. Salary $20.01) per
week with expenses additional, all payable in
cash each week. Money for expenses advan-
ced. Position permanent. Business success-
ful and rushing. Standard House, 330 Dear-
born St., Chicago.
A LL kinds of Blanks for U, S. Land Filings—
-"■ Homestead, Timber and Mineral blanks-
may be had at the Ledger oHiee; also deods
tnortgagos. mining locations, proof of labor!
and other legal blanks kept for sale,, ■
| GOOD % HOUSEWIVES I
j Always provide for a rainy day by U
1 putting up their own fruit. -- - |
j| Always provide for everybody by ||
j| keeping the largest stock of -/- it
Si Fruit Jars and Jelly Glasses |
M~ that^can be found in the County. j
J Gall, examine goods and get prices. H
JU Corner Main and Water Sts. - - Jackson -g|
"Strikingly Beautiful"
pS? \ Is what they all say of the .
(X "MAJESTIC"
V\ They are the EASIEST
Hte|^==^|gv pretty shoes that you ever
>v wore. No breaking in, no
jiNS^ .A. pinching—not even a lit-
HALF A DOZEN STYLES TO SELECT FROM
Futter's Cash Store, Agents.
SUTTEK CREEK. x
i It Costs Money to Make; Steam I
Rffl MONEY BY 5 USING— — - n£~f
M McDearmon & Cos. Asbestos Goods. ~ -St
5|3 Such as Boiler d- Pipe Coverinys, Magnesia Coverings, Fire-Proof- .p|
|H ing Materials, Cold Storage Insulation, Brine d~- Ammonia Coy- firf
|||j erings, Packings dj. Gaskets, Keystone Building A Deadening Felts. l||
g|j • CATALOGUE, ESTIMATES & SAMPLES ON APPLICATION. Wgi
HI Garbarini Bros., Agents - - Jackson, Cal.
Summons.
In the Superior Court of the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California.
Martin Triest, Dlaintiff, vs. F. H. Ball, de-
fendant. - . - .■
Action brought in the Superior Court of the
City and County of San Francisco, State of
California, and tho complaint tiled in the
office of the Clerk of said City and County of
San Francisco.
Joseph Kirk, Attorney for Plaintiff. •'
rpHE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF CAli-
L ifornia send greeeting to F. H. BALL, de-
fendant ■ . .
. You are hereby directed to appear and an-
swer the complaint in an action entitled as
above, brought against you in the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, within ten days after the
service on you of this summons— if served with/
in this county; or within thirty days if served
elsewhere.
And you are hereby notified that, unless sou
appear and answer as above required, the said
plaintiff will take judgment for any money or
damages demanded in the complaint, as aris-
ing upon contract or will apply to the court for
any other relief demanded in the complaint,
f — "-^) Given under my hand and the Seal
-i seal f of the SuperioTCourt of the City and
(~— v — ) County of San Francisco, State of
California, this 27th day of March A. D. 1903.
• ALBERT B. MAHONY, Clerk.
, By Joseph Riordan, Deputy Clerk.
Filed August 28. 1903 i ■ "
.. Albert B. Mahony, Clerk. ■'■
By J. J. Greif, Deputy Clerk. sep4-2m
Notice of Application for Parole
VrOTIGE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT NEIL
J-' A. McQUARRIE, heretofore convicted of
tho crime of forgery in the couuty of Amador,
State of California, will apply to the Board of
Parole Commissioners of theS,tate of California
to be admitted to parole, at a Ume not before
two weeks utter the flrst publication of this
notice. O** • -
Dated Nov. 4th,' 1903. - I i
no6-2t . /ttEII. A. McQUARRIE.
I iIiJR II
State and County Taxes for
the Fiscal Year 1903-1904
Office of thre Collector of State and County
Taxes, Jackaon, Amador Co , Cal., October 1,
I'AXk
Notice Is hereby given that I have received
from tbe Auditor of Amador county the Dupli-
cate Assessment Book for tho fiscal year 1903-
11XM. and
Ist. That the taxes on all personal property
secured by real property, and one-half of the
taxes on real property will be due and payable
on and after the
.Second Monday In October. -'•'
1903, and will be delinquent on the
Last Monday In November
next thereafter at six o'clock p. M.. and unless
paid prior thereto. Ufteen per cent will be add-
ed to the amount thereof, and if said one-halt
be not paid before the
Last Monday In April. 1904,
at ..?y cI ?S k PM - on additional Hve percent
will be added thereto. The remaining one-half
of the taxes on all real property -will bo payable
on and after tho . .
First Monday lit January,
1901, and will be delinquent on the
Last Monday In April
SSfi e . re Hl er at six °' cloclt p - M - an( l unle" 3
Fo al the PP a r mo r unTh e er°eo fl f Ve ™ Ceat wIU * adde *
th« d Hroln«f 11 l 11 l ta!teS may "« Pald at thB tlm 8
anfl payable cn '. aS eln P rovlded . is du e
,. 3 ' 1 - That payment of taxes must be made at
Jackson 6 * the town of
- r J-T. K. NORM AN,
oaWtf Tax Collector of Amador County, Car.
- ■ 'f '•■]
; Buggy Harness
. . . . SINGLE ....
$16, $18, $20, $25 &
$30 per set.
PUIXCARDO
[ Buggy. Robes
\l from $2.50 up
£ JACKSON -;,r - " " CAL.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
.--".'•' In Imported and Domestic
Wines*Liqnors*Cigars
JACKSON. CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOB J. F. MAR-
tell Cognac. Moet & Chandon. White Seal
and Private Cv vee Champagne ; Morgan Bros.,
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries; Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres,
Bordeaux, Clarets and Sauternes: CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY, Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ited, WalkerviUe, Ontario, Canada; John de
Kuyper & Zoon, Rotterdam, Gin; Gllka Knem-
mel, from J A. Gilka, Berlin: Barthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester, N. V., Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshcad Brand of Guinness'
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London); Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ale; Naglce Brandy; Reimported American
Whiskies.
| State House I
• ••••••• 11\J Lvl ••••••• •
• \- '<*"- • i-V'V- . : ; *
1 10th &X Sts., Sacramento S
2 Free Bus to and from Hotel. *
•. / Special rates to families and- ; '. •
J largo parties. 2
2 Rates $1.00, $1.25, $1.50 S 2
2 -$2.00 per day. 2
2 Hoadquartora foF Amador county 2
0 people. Packages cared for ■■"» •
• free of charge. •
2 . '■*- MEALS 25 CENTS -3* .-• 2
• Amador Ledger received every •
2 Sunday. Phono No. 101. " 2
! J. L. Flanagan, Manager 2
Z myjll Z
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
tt»ECEIPT COOKS for rent or general pnr-
xv> poses, In books of 50 or luo each, for sale at
the% Lodger office. Specially priuted for Ama-
doij connty. 35c per 10Q .receipts, 15b tor 50,
UNION HOUSB
I I I Jackson, if
• Arnador-CcS
Meals to Order at all Houiß
— -REGULAR MEALS 25 CTS— - lf|
Board aud Lodging by '■ the Daß
Week or Month. - X
iwflJ^-Sidfiififc^— ieio - - Pro«
| Bazaar Patterns I
I Ladies', Misses' p
J; and Children's shoes t|
f shoes at reduced p
| prices next week « l
fUiraiiil
ji I keep a large'- ||
;i stock of Fresh Groceries; ||
I Coi\llain and Court Sts.
m Jackson, Cal. v ,
• j£?"i mayl *
•♦♦♦♦^♦♦♦♦^♦♦♦♦^♦♦♦♦^♦♦♦^
; NATIONAL'^
Shaving -Parlor*
•fa J. Neatest Place in
,* r the Mountain
—EVERYTHING NEW AND UP-10-DAIH-
Ladies Shampooing and Children's
Hair-cutting a Specialty.
A place were ladies can have thei
shoes shioed ,by a careful and p(
lite attendant.
National Hotel, Jackson. —
Frank Valvo • -^ Prop
•••••••••••••••••••••••••I
Illlil
2 , What does it mean? J
• It means "Your money <
c' back if you want it." ■!
2 v We have *no desire to ]
• have you keep our goods <
«. unless ,you prefer them!
2 for the money paid us. \
• If for any reason you j
2 are dissatisfied! or chancre !
• • . <
2 your mind and "need the J
• money," remember, that J
: 1 . 1 D. .I . 11. I. i
• ; '•
• CITY PHARMACY •
2 ROBT. I. KERB «
• JACKSON - .- .Xi-- CAL. •
••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
Hugh Casey
sp ™ WHOLESALE
J. A. Miller Bourbon
Hermitage " I IflHflD
olacrow .. LIUUUK
sichwood " nrni m
A -Keller " H[HI T X
Melwood "
Nnttwood ;.",•- Sacramento
Finch's! Weddingßye . Cal.
-■ .'■■ ":„-"■*■ "»-"-■ ■■,'. <.v.
■ > ■*-
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA.
Boarding and Day School conducted by the Sis-
ters of Notre Dame (Namur). Founded in 1856
The curiculum embraces all the branches of
a solid English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses in art. language and music.
For further information address * t
*plO-tt SISTER SUPERIOR,BRIEF LOCAL NEWS
OF THE WEEK
Ihort News Items of Interest to the
Ledger Headers. — The Winners of
Prizes at the Shooting Gallery.
For a good potatoe try Caminotti's
Pioneer Flour is the "Lily of the
allev,"thn "Prarl of Fer-feetion."
I Miss G ra.ee "Folger returned Friday
lam— a~~montta'B visit at Vallejo and
Olives, salami, swiss. limburger
artin's cream and California cheese
; Caminetti's Mkt.
C. W. Schacht. Dentist, Webb build
g. Hours— 9 to 12 a. in'; Ito3p. m.
iturdays 9 to 12 a. in: 1 to -I p. m.
A. Caminetti loft Sunday f/>'r the city,
c will attend the convention of the
ate Miners' Association which con
;ned in San Francisco Tuesday.
Fred L. Stewart and W. A. Bennetts
jre in Jackson, Wednesday, on busi
ss relating to the estate of Frank
■ates.
Champagne Wafers in dainty pack
es br in bulk. Just the- thing to
rye with ice cream. ; Call for them at
Cassinelli's.
Get your suits made to order at the
hito House. 3000 samples to select
im. . Tho best tailors in the world.
Dr. L. E. Phillips and C. Dalpoi-ta
>n the second and third prizes re
ectively in the shooting tournament
>t week, each making in the tryout a
>reof 26.
Charles Valvo won the Orst prize, an
tomatic Colts revolver, at tho shoot
f gallery last week, with a score of
points out of a possible 30. This
s with tho best score made during
is series of contests.
It is a fact that the Jackson Shoe
ore has tbe best and most complete
c of minors boots that has ever been
town. Go and see them.
F. Cademartori has routed the build
t heretofore occupied by Penry &
>on's candy stare,-ad joining the Gem
oon, and intends moving his bakery
>re now in the Webb building into
i new quarters in a few days. v
The $700 bar for D. A. Nuner of the
9be hotel arrived Saturday after
on, and it was duly installed for busi
•s the same evening, requiring quite
orps of workers to get it in position
so short a space. It is a beauty,
thing like it has been seen in this
inity.
Nothing will please an invalid as well
a package of those fancy cakes from
minetti's Mkt.
'. H. Freeman came up from San
vncisco Tuesday to visit friends in
:ksou. He is in the cigar businoss
Ellis street, Sau Francisco, and we
lerstand has sold a half interest in
i business to F. Johnson, formerly
Sutter Creek. •:.
'he rains have stopped .the hauling
ogs and timbers from tho mountains
the season. The ground is 100 soft
enable the logs to be got to the
da. However, there is a heavy
iply of all kinds of material at the
eral mines in this vicinity,
/harles Corin, who has wonted for
rs in tho mines around Jackson, fell
istance of 15 feet in tho shaft of the
npo Seco copper mine recently,
ere was a platform below him at
t distance, otherwise ho would have
le clean to tho sump. *He was cou
irably bruised up, necessitating a
■off of several days, but no serious
try was sustained.
Irs. Fred Eudoy has been under the
tor's care for several months. In
early part of tho week her condi
i was such that Dr. Allen of Stock
was called in consultation with
il physician. Also a trained nurse,
is Flynn, came up Monday ovening
n San Francisco to take charge of
. She has materially improved in
) past few days.
'he Standard Electric Company was
cessful in competing for the supply
slectric energy for furnishing light
Stockton last week. There was' a
•Itod competition between the Stan
d and American River Electric Com
»
By. The rates wero cut in half.
Ho local gas company secured the con-
Bst, tho Standard to furnish eloctrici-
His heretofore.
Homo business places in Jackson are
fling to Bucna Vista coal, instead of
fiLd for fuel. It is claimed that at
»0 por ton it is cheaper than wood
H6,50 and $7 per cord. Of course, it
fluires a different stove, and tho cost
■■hanging stoves will militate against
Hreneral adoption for a while. Two
Jfturae placos hero have fixed up for
B use, and if experience proves that
Effects a material saving, it is only a
Hstion of time when this fuel will
■Be into general use. It is also rising
jlLvoi' in Lodi and other valley towns
Hliin easy distance. Enough teams
Biot be secured to haul the product
Ha the mine to Lodi to meet the de-
Hkd. There is a largo doposit in
Hkson valley; indeed tho supply is
IjfcidereJ practically inexhaustible.
Kinas. E. Newmann, who died at the
Byity hospital last Friday, after being
Hbat institution one day, was one of
"9 best pianists on this coast. He
H at ono time a member of the Regi-
Btal Band of Stockton, and was con-
Bred a musician of high rank. Ho
""-■ also a well educated man generally,
S camo from a family of high stand
iflin Germany. It is claimed ho has
Bother who is rated as a millionaire.
Hong tho effects of the deceased was
■Bid a memorandum book, in which
Hi in bo rof entries wore found. One
HLs names of relatives iv Germany
>,H> were to bo informed in caso of any
jHjg happening to him. Another re-
to his rich relative, who had
jjld to assist him with means, A
|9e for intoxicating liquor was no
Hbt the cause of his being deserted
SHiis connections. Ho was buried on
ijday, a subscription being taken up
Hackson to defray the expenses of
Wburial.
THE BURBANK TRIAL IN SHASTA.
An Amador County Young Han on Trial
for his Life.
The trial of John Burbank, a young
man born and raised in the eastern part
of this county, was commenced in the
superior court of Shasta county at Red
ding last Monday. Burbank is accused
of the murder of Dora Lemory, also
known as Viola Myers and Dora Streu
ber, in a dance hall at De La Mar on
the 15th of JuJ-r'Tast. After fatally
shooting bis.' victim, he turned the
weapon upon himself, inflicting a super
ficial wound on his neck. Tho Sacra
ments Bee's special correspondent says
of the proceedings on the opening day:
The accused, John Burbank, wa
dresssd up in bis best suit of clothes.
He had evidently taken particular
pains to make himself presentable. His
face was cleanly shaven, and his toilet
had been made out with great care.
Ho looks to be in perfect ■ health, not
withstanding his four months' confine
ment in jail.
Four women sat within the bar.
They were privileged witnesses. Three
of them wore the weeds of mourning.
Everyone was curious to know who
they were. The first lady of the four
was Mrs. Dora Lemory, of Oakland,
mother of tho Dora Lemory who was
killed in the De La Mar dance hall by
John Burbank. Next to Mrs, Lemory.
thoir elbows touching, sat Mrs. A. H.
A. Burbank, of Jackson, Amador coun
ty. She is the mother of the prisoner
at the bar. She is. bowed down by
years and grief and pain. She has
walked on crutches all her life. She is
dressed in mourning, as was Mrs. Lem
ory. Who can look into the two
mothers' hearts and read the emotions
there? They attend this trial from
different motives — one in her heart-love
praying for mercy upon her wayward
son, and the other asking that justice
may fall upon the slayer of her way
ward daughter.
The two other women within the
bar are Mrs. Eva Leibhardt and Mrs.
Delia Joyce, both of Jackson, Amador
county. They are sisters of Burbank.
The list of witnesses subpoenaed on
behalf of the defense is a long one and
as usual includes a large number of
character witnesses. Burbank's par
ents live in Amador county and from
there were called the following: Wal
ter Webster, William Denend, Robert
O. McKean and Findlay Goodman, of
Volcano; Clarence Bradshaw and
Charles Stirnaman of Pine Grove, and
John Barton, Maurice L. Plasse and
Nick Ferari of Jackson.
Judging from the line of questioning
addressed to the prospective jurors,
Burbank's attorneys will set up the
claim that he acted in self-defense in
shooting Dora Streuber.
One noticeable feature- of the prose
cution was that every man in the jury
box was asked whether he was a mem
ber of anyolabor unioja. This is ales
son learned by the Gallanar. trial,
where the one juror who favored ac
quit tal is said to have been influenced
in his decision by the fact that he and
the defendant were both labor union
men. Burbank, in this instance, is a
labor union man.
Surprising progress was made on
the first day as the twelve jurors were
secured by the time court adjourned
for the day.
Contrary to tbe usual order in crim
inal trials the testimony of the reputa
tion witnesses was taken first, before
the prosecution opened its case. This
was done for economy sake. There
were eight of these witnesses from
Amador county, at a cost of $30 each.
They were examined at the commence
ment of the trial, paid off, and allowed
to depart.
The De La Mar witnesses, who were
on the scene directly after the tragedy,
and took part in the arrest of tho al
leged murderer, told facts that were of
some importance^ They told of how
Burbank came down from the upper
room where he had fired three death
dealing bullets into the body of Dora
Struber, and used the words: "I have
killed her, and lam glad of it. I did a
good job on her, and a bum one on
myself." After tho killing he had
fired ono shot at himself, but had mis
erably failed to do good work on him
self. Witnesses testified that he said
that if it was to do over again ho would
do tho same thing again.
Dora Struber was the inmate of a
dance hall. She had been living witb
Burbank off and on, and because she
would not heed his entreaties and
leave the dance hall life to live with
him, he is alleged to have taken her
life. She lived but four or five minutes
after she had boon shot, and before dy
ing kissed the lips of tho man who had
killed hey.
It is believed that tho case will be
given to the jury Thursday evening.
Rainfall.
The storm which was in full blast at
the time of going to press last week,
continued without abatement during
Saturday. The rainfall }n Jqickson
now measures as follows:
Nov. 14 1.35
Nov. 19... 0.60
Nov. 20 0.26
Total for month 6.38
Total for season 6.81
Same period last year 5.02
The MoLanJ^ss Alabama Warblers
will give one of their unique and pleas
ing entertainments In Love's hall on
Saturday evening, Nov. 28. This com
pany is highly spoken of as vocal and
comic performers of unequaled merit.
A good house should greet their ap
pearance in Jackson. Popular prices.
A curious experience happened at
the agricultural experiment station a
few weeks ago. Nino shoop of the
Persian variety were sent up there.
They consisted of two males and seven
females. They were kept in two separ
ate pens. ' One night a lot of green
feed was thrown into the pen where
the female shoop were kept. Fortun
atoly, the same kind of feed was kept
out of the other pen. ' Next morning
all seven sheep were found dead. The
fatality is attributed to something in
the feed; the two in the other pen
were not affected in the least. Too
mishap settled the scheme to raise this
kind of sheep in Amador county. The
two bucks were shipped out this week.
THE AMADOR LEDGER: JACKSON, CALIFORNIA; FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1903.
Additional Locals.
Frozen oysters, 50c per can, at Cami-
Give us daily some good bread. Pio
neer Flour makes the best.
Louis Schiemann, tbe piano-tuner,
will be in town this week. Headquarters
at the National- hotel.
Lemons, oranges, and bananas con
stantly on hand at Caminetti's Mkt.
J. F. Wilson, Dentist. Hours 9a. m.
to sp. m. Phone-Main 404. Jackson,
Cal. ':'•/.
Geo. McMillan, the photographer, is
now fairly settled in his new quarters
in Kay's gallery. He finished moving
the midole of.the week. ■
J. H. Moore, night boss at the Cam po
Seco copper mine, was in Jackson
Wednesday, interviewing his many
friends in this section.
H. C. Garbarini left Tuesday morn
ing for Camanche, to superintend the
repairing of the bridge at that place,
and expects to finish by Saturday.
Mrs. Chas. Corin, formerly of Jack
son, but now of Campo Seco. was in
Jackson Wednesday, and left the same
day to see friends in Amador. She
expects to return home early next week.
Our new line of felt shoos have ar
rived. Best quality and lowest prices
at tbe Jackson Shoe Store.
We have been requested to announce
that the Native Daughters of Ursula
Parlor No. 1, Jackson, wilt give a grand
ball on New Year's eve in Love's hall.
Full particulars will be announced later.
Nabisco means nobby and sweet
cookies and crackers. No meal com
plete without them.. I carry a fresh
stock. Phone for a trial package.
P. Cassinelli. /■£?£
The family of H. A. Burbank^ of
Antelope have moved to Jackson* to
spend the winter. Mrs. Burbank left
for Redding early this week, and has
not yet returned. -
Don't miss (seeing our new line of
Kingsbury hats. Best hand-made hat
in town; latest styles. Jackson Shoe
Store.
J. G. Garbarini returned Thursday
of last week from Calaveras county,
where he has been for two weeks with
a crew of men repairing bridges around
San Andreas and Angels Camp.
The El Dorado Republican notes the
death of P. D. Smith, which occurred
in Placerville on Tuesday last. • For
over 20 years he followed school-teach
ing in El Dorado and Amador counties.
Some years ago he fell down a stairway
in a hotel in Jackson, and was thereby
rendered an invalid, for life.
J. W. Caldwell has moved his law
office to rooms in the Marelia. building
over Glavinovich's store. He has also
severed connection with W. J. McGee
in the law business, and will hereafter
practice on his own account exclusively.
On account of ill health and closing
my business, all goods less than cost at
the White House. -' •"• '
The first of aseries of entertainments
under the auspices of the Epworth
League of the Methodist church was
given Tuesday evening. % It was a suc
cess in every sense of the word. The
committee who prepared the program
did their work well, and from' start to
finish gave satisfaction. The Ladies'
Aid 1 furnished refreshments, which
were enjoyed by the large audience
present. .
Imperial Minstrels Show.
On the occasion of the initial appear
ance of the Imperial Minstrels of San
Andreas before a Jackson audience,
Love's hall was crowded to the doors
last Saturday evening, and that too in
spite of the inclement weather that had
prevailed for several days. All the re
served seats were disposed of long be
fore the day of the performance, and
there were about twice the number^ of
these seats than are usually reserved.
The program consisted of minstrelsy
for the first part. There were 15 per
formers on the stage, all decked with
ebony frontispieces. The tambo end
men were J. C. Tilden and Gro. H.
Treat, who were well supported by the
bones, J. J. Halley and O. B. Furlong.
These were the big four of the show,
conspicuous throughout not only from
the fact of their being scarlet-coated,
but also because tho songs and sallies
of wit fell mainly to their lot. The
witticisms were ' very good — several
wero new to a Jackson audience at
least— and the coupling of some local
business man with a joke occasionally
was appreciated by a storm of applause.
The rendition of tho songs was equal to
many of the professionals, and certainly
the interest taken therein by the
spectators was far greater, partly owing
tp the fact that the performers were
amateurs, and many of them personally
known to tho townspeople.* ' - Wm.
Nuner jr. acted as interlocutor, anil
filled the bill creditably. The songs
presented were as follows:
Just Kiss yourself Good Dye... Mr Q. H. Treat
Down where tbe Cotton Blossoms Grow
Mr. Jarvis Lloyd
Mr. Jpbnsqn Shut that Door. .Mr. C. E. Furlong
There's Nobpdy Just Like ¥ou' •
..,',. .,.,.. Mr. Frank Heath
Fade Away I'm Waiting For My Man
•. Mr. J. J. Halley
I'll Be Busy All Next Week. . . . Mr. J. C. Tilden
My Pauline Quartette
Grand Finale. Every Hace Has a Flag But
The Coon Messrs. Til
den, Halley, Furlong, Treat and Company
The intermediate medley consisted of
the following: "Anona, " Jarvis Lloyd;
"Shakespeare up to date,'.' W.C. WsjUj
"He was a Prince," Prank IJeath;
"Irish comicalities, " J. C. Tilden and
J. J. Halley; "The Stein," C. E.
Furlong;. "My Kentucky Babe,"
Heath, Lloyd, Treat and Furlong.
A farce entitled "Tho Terrible
Bruiser, " concluded tho performance.
Tho cast of characters was as follows:
"J. J. Jeffreeze," J. C. Tildon; "C.
Knockemout," C. E. Furlong; E. Z.
Graft,". W, C. Wall; "Electricity, "(3.
H. Treat; Lightning," J. J. Halley: :*
The financial outcome was not as
satisfactory. The expense of convey
ance and other necessary cost in trans
porting nearly 20 performers was of
course heavy, but we are pleased to
say that such was tho interest develop
ed in the appearance of this company
from Calpveras county, that the incomo
was about sufficient to defray all liabili
ties. The receipts we understand were
something over $130,
Labor Trouble at South Eureka.
A strike was inaugurated at the
South Eureka mine last Tuesday, re
sulting in the quitting of the entire
force of men — in all between 50 and 60.
The strike came about in this way. An
accident occurred by which the skip
and cable in one compartment were let
into the sump. No one was hurt, but
on the recovery of the runaway skip
and cable it was noticed that some
kinks appeared in the cable, and the
men objected to btine lowered in that
compartment. Foreman Mounter did
not insist, and the otber skip was used
for a while. We are told that heavy
loads were run up and down the shaft
by the tabooed cablo to show that it
was trustworthy and safe, and to satisfy
the scruples of tbo men on that score.
No one will blame the minors for re
fusing to take any extra risk in de
scending or ascending a mine, and it is
not reasonable to thin!; that any one in
charge of a mine would ask them to do
60. It appears that one miner was dis
charged, whether on account of the
mishap or not we do not know. Two
other employes took up the cause of
tho discharged man, and they were
also informed that their services were
no longer required. Thereupon the
matter was laid before the miners'
union, and a committee waited upon
Superintendent Moore to know j tbe
cause of their discharge. He declined
to satisfy them, claiming (he right to
discharge an employe without reveal
ing tho reason therefor. At this the
men are said to have taken the stand
that the; would not return to work
unless the dischargod men were rein
stated. This brought on tbe walk-out
of the entire force. The superintend
ent refused to reinstate, and. the men
decided not to recede from thoir posi
tion. The mine was brought to a stand
still. The men wero paid' oIT Tuesday
evening; the superintendent at the
same time giving thorn the opportunity
of returning to work if they felt so dis
posed. .
The South Eureka has been operat
ing for many years, without any recom
pense to the stockholders. Assess
ments have been levied upon the share
holders repeatedly to keep it running.
Still, giving employment to between 50
and 60 men, it has cut quite a figure in
the business interests of Sutter Creek,
and tbe immediate ueightjorhood of the
works. The community will miss the
money put in circulation monthly if the
shut-down is prolonged. Some of tho
stockholders are outspoken in express
ing indifference as to whether it re
sumes operations or not. It is hoped,
however, that the matter will ' bo ad
justed, and' the mine resume, with the
old or other employes.
Injured in a Drunken Bow.
A man named Feretti Ambrogio was
landed in the county jail by Sheriff
Norman the latter part of last week.
No formal charge has been made
against him, for the reason that the
outcome of the injuries inflicted upon
the victim of his assault is yet in doubt.
The affray happened in New Chicago
on the 10th instant. It seems that
Ambrogio was a miner employed at the
Fremont, and that he was discharged
a few days prior to the 10th. Salvatore
Battaylia was also employed at the
same mine, and Ambrogio had an idea
that he acted unfriendly toward him.
Both men had been indulging in
liquor, and a quarrel ensued on tho
street of New Chicago. The upshot of
it was that Ambrogio secured a pieco
of a wagon tire, somo four feet long,
and struck Battaylia in the small of
the back with this formidable weapon.
Whether he struck with the edge or
the flat part of the iron we are not in
formed. At any rate, Battaylia is
crippled, but not to the extent that
was feared. He was around on crutch
es in a day or two after the occurrence.
Sheriff Norman and District Attor
ney Vicini visited New Chicago after
the arrest of Ambrogio, and obtained
information that put a different phase
on the matter. It appeared that Bat
taylia was the aggressor throughout.
He started in to run tho mine, or run
out tho managers, and jjlso clean out
the town, because of his discharge. He
went to a friend named Bonti in New
Chicago and abused him. Ambroggio
was standing by, and noticing that
Battlayia kept his hand in his coat
pocket, and - believing that ho had a
gun, told him to take his hand out of
his pocket. He failed to do so, and
the blow with t^e iron b,ar was the re
sult. After an investigation it was
found that. Battaylia did not have a
gun, but had indulged in threats to
kill.
Battaylia was arrested, and fined $50
by Judge Roso. Ambroggio was dis
charged. v
A Handsome Souvenir.
. We acknowledge receipt of a hand
somely gotten up souvenir of the Pres
ton Reform School. 'It gives a number
of artistic half tone engravings show
ing the various departments of this
school. The pamphlet contains a brief
farewell pf the retiring superintendent,
C. B^Riddick, on the eve of his de
parture. In this he says that his resig
nation was entirely voluntary. It was
not sent in under pressure, and any
statement to the contrary is maliciously
false. Mr. Riddick speaks in the high
est terms of tho officers of the school,
who with scarcely an exception gave
him their loyal supp ort. He also men
tions tbe uniform kindness of the busi
ness community of lone, and the sur
rounding country. The only antago
nisms created are such as any man in a
public position, who is faithful to his
trust, must necessarily create. Of his
successor, Prof. W. T. Randall, of the
University of Southern California, he
refers to as a man in every way worthy
of the position, and will cheerfully turn
over tbo koys to him, knowing that the
interests of the school will be safe in
his hands.
Ton Know What Yon Are Taking
When you take Grove's Tastoloss
Chill Tonic because tho formula is
plainly prlntod on every bottle showing
that it is simply Iron and Quinine in a
tasteless form. No Cure, No Pay. 50c
The Amador Ledger and Weekly
Record-Union only $2.50 a yeai\
ANOTHER PIONEER DEPARTED.
Thomas Conlon Passsa Away.
Thomas Conlon. one of the early set
tlers of the county, passed to his long
rest on Mouday evening. His struggle
with disease, and the consequent de
cay of the vital forces, had been a long
and painful one. For the past two, or
three years he had been a helpless in
valid, and the last 'few months were
spent in bed. He peacefully and pain
lessly surrendered to the inevitable
shortly before midnight last Monday.
Deceased has been a prominent resi
dent of Jackson for the last forty-five
years. He was born In county Clare,
Ireland, on July 12, 1836. In 1852 be
left his native land, and emigrated to
the United States. After several years
in the eustorn states, he took passage
on a steamer bound for San Francisco,
and after reaching that port lost no
time in proceeding to Mokelumne Hill
to try his fortune at placer mining. He
afterward moved to Butte City and
Scottsville, in this county, following
raining at each place. At Sccttsville
he unearthed a gold nugget of large
size, which he kept as a memento for a
time, until it was stolen from him. At
length he came to Jackson to accept a
position of trust in the court house.
He served as clerk of court and deputy
assessor for eight years, and was dep
uty sheriff for a like period. He was
afterward elected county clerk and re
corder, and filled that position for four
years. He was always prompt and
obliging in the discharge of his duty,
and tbe breath of suspicion ' never at
tached to him in any way in his long
period of public service. In 1895 he
was united In marriage to Miss Ella
Leonard, who survives him, and also a
daughter, Anna C, the issue of their
marriage. Since his retirement from
the court house, he has been . engaged
in the insurance businoss, also a notary
public, and up to the time of his death,
and for many years prior thereto, was a
trustee of Jackson school, and the clerk
of the school board. Owing to his
increasing disability, he was com
pelled to withdraw from business, al
though still nominally holding the of
fices of trustee and notary. He was a
charter member of Jackson Lodga 138,
A. O. U. W. In politics he was always
a stalwart ; democrat, but tolerant of
those who differed from him. In re
ligion he was attached to the principles
of the Catholic church.
The funeral obsequies we're conduct
ed Thursday morning. Services for
the dead were held In the Catholic
church, the Rev. J. J. Gleeson offici
ating. - The following acted as pall
bearers: P. Dwyer, James Meehan, T.
K. Norman, L. Poggi, . John Flaherty,
and Jas. Cook. The public school was
closed all day in respect to the memory
of one who had filled the office of trus
tee and clerk for so many years. The
arrangement was for the children to
attend in a body, but owing to the in
clement weather this had to be aband
oned. There was a long procession of
mourners, a number from distant parts
of the county, who had long known the
deceased. The attendance would ha ye
been much larger had the weather been
less stormy. The remains were interred
in the Catholic cemetery, the deceased
being a life long and consistent member
of that organization.
Anti-Saloon Movement.
We are informed that a movement
has been started in lone, with the view
of taking concerted action throughout
the county, for the purpose of restrict
ing the number of saloons, and increas
ing the license tax. Petitions are being
circulated, and it is expected to have
the same before the supervisors at thoir
next meeting- These petitions set
forth that the number of saloons is out
of proportion to the population, ' and
the supervisors are appealed to pass an
ordinance to stop the further granting
of licenses until the number of saloons
is reduced fully one half; also Jo raise
the license a sum that will secure a
revenue equal to that which has here
tofore been secured from this source;
also, that hereafter a license .tQ retail
liquor be granted only on a petition
signed by a majority of the voters of
the precinct in which tho proposed
saloon is located. The petition has
been shown to a few in Jackson, but no
effort has been made to press tho mat
tor. A few signatures had been se
cured, in all amounting to about ;>
dozen, by tho middle gf tb,is week-
Convicted in Tennessee.
A few months back H. Ward, who
was employed as bookkeoper at the
Keystone store in Amador City, was
arrested in that town, charged with, a
crime cuinmittod in Tonnossoe. An of
ficer came all the way from -that state
to effect his capture. He was quickly
extradited, and taken back to the scene
of his exploits, to stand trial. This
week a dispatch from Clarksvillo, date^
"H. Ward this morning, was found
guilty and sentenced tQ ten years for
assaulting an elevonryear-old girl, who
was an inmate of the Tennessee Odd
Fellows Orphans' Home, Qf which
Ward formerly was superintendent for
some months. Ward was extradited
from California, where ho fled whon
the scandal was imminent."
To Curs A Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Uromo Quinine Tab
lets. All druggists refund the money
if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's sig
nature is on each box. 25c.
Archibald Yell of Sacramento has
been selected as warden of Folsom
prison to succeed Wilkenson.
Drink El Dorado Brewing Co. 'a
"Valley Brew." Seldom equaled,
never excelled. El Dorado Brewing
Co., Stockton, Cal.
Mrs. G. M. Huberty, who has been
on the sick list, is convalescing.
n| | *i/In Cattle can b« prevented.
11l A I ft CUTTER'S BUCK LEG VACCINE,
111 111 II California's favorite, the most sue-
II 111 111 cessful, easiest used and lowest
■* "nVII priced reliable vaccine made.
_ <__ Powder.stringorpiil form. Write
■ for free Black Leg liooklet.
1 L E- THE CUTTER LABORATORY
B*tr fly fan Francisco
B-lM , H B ifyourarugetetaaesnatstockour
9RjR»R vaccines, orSet direct fro^us,,
THE OLD RELIABLE
Absolutely Pure. •
THERE IS M SUBSTITUTE
KICKED BY A MULE.
Fred Tabeau Meets With a Terrible Ac-
cident jon the Road.
. On Friday afternoon Fred Tabeau, a
teamster employed by A. Piccardo in
hauling freight between lone and Jack
son, met with an accident which, if it
does not result fatally, will disfigure
him for life. He was driving a ten
animal team heavily loaded, including
a back-action," to Jackson. He had
got as far as Mountain Springs. An
other of Piccardo's . teams was a
short distance behind. For some rea
son Tabeau stopped the team, for the
purpose of soeing that the load ' on the
back wagon was all right. Some one
remarked that it was getting late, and
he would have to get a move on to
make Jackson in reasonable time. No
one witnessed the accident, and the
victim himself has not recovered con
sciousness sufficient to explain it. It
is believed, however, that Tabeau
struck one of the mules with a stick or
a rock, to hurry them up. He must
have been quite close. The supposi
tion is that the mule kicked viciously,
striking him in the head. Tho team
ster behind noticed the team start into
a run, and he saw Tabeau lying un
conscious in the road. He was taken
to the Mountain Spring house, and' a
doctor was summoned. Drs. Adams of
lone and Endicott of Jackson were
both called. The animal's hoof struck
Tabeau over tho left eye, crushing the
skull and injuring the eye so badly that
it is believed that it will have to be taken
out.. The bony structure around the
socket is also broken. Tabeau has re
mained in an unconscious state since the
occurrence. He is a young man, under
20 years of age, and a careful, trust
worthy' driver. Tho attending phy
sicians are hopeful of his recovery, with
perhaps the loss of the injured eye.
Cured of Piles After 40' Years.
Mr. C. Haney, of Geneva, 0., had
the piles for 40 years. Doctors and
dollars could do him no lasting good.
DeWitt's Witch Hazel Salve cured
him permanently. lu valuable for cuts,
burns, bruises, sprains, lacerations,
eczema, ■ tetter, salt rheum, and all
other skin diseases.. Look for the
name DeWitt on the package — all
others are cheap, worthless counter
feits. Sold by City. Pharmacy, Jack
son.! -
Pioneer Flour always has been
and still is tae best.
••■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■••■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•• v
| : _■_■ \ ■ " '■ ♦♦♦»♦♦♦•«»•>•♦•»••••♦♦♦♦♦♦♦» . . _i- -■ ' 9
| Toys and Dolls are i | 1 i Infants soft sole shoes 25c §
5 ....Arriving Daily.... l\^Smmm^r\ ■"» hard*"' "; 50c 5
m ""'""" " S «♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦»♦»••♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ "^ gg
i OUR DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT 8
% Is daily crowded with* eager buyers. An inspection of our *
• styles and prices explain it all .:;: : ; / •■ ;
h■ * m
Q 56 inch very heavy suit- 38 inch all wool Scotch- 48 inch Zibilenes, the sea- g
■ ings for no lining, mixture, one of the most son's swell fabric, in a g
• a splendid fabric, selling stylish goods of this sea- pretty assortment of neat %.
B now at - - - - $J. 25 son - - - - - 50c mixtures - - - $1.00 «
•27 inch French Flannels, 38 inch Cashmeres; in all 27 inch Eiderdown. A •
H all the up-to-date shades, solid colors, navy, gar- . goodr heavy fleece in all »
2 nothing nicer for shirt net, green, black, grey, solid colors; special per S
5 waists; per yd - - 48c brown; per yd - - 25c yard - -: - - - 25c 0
I Sofa Pillow Tops, in ex- Stole Collars, all the lat- New line of Belts. We g
• ceedingly pretty styles est ideas in washable have as complete a stock 0
I and a big variety to se- material, as well as. of belts as you will find; B
J lect from; this week for finer styles in silks; at the latest eastern ideas; g
• - 50c-65c-75c-$l.OO - - - - 25c-50c-75c at 25c-50c-75c-$l.OO q
| Side and Back Combs; Children's Knit Hoods; G. D. Just the Corset; ■ *
• all the new turned tops silk outside and woolin-' they come in grey, black ©
B and fancy effects, both side; ribbon strings; fine and white; four hook H
J in shell and amber; sale for winter; selling now front and girdle; going S
5 price - - 25c and 50c for - 25c-50c-$l.OO at - 50c-75c-$l.OO *
To Cure a Cold in One Day ZZZZu
.Take Laxative Bron»o Qsinine TaWets. (>%.jb S? e X27
: &venMiffioiilKaesseMin(iisH3monUis. This signature, >«• S':* ! v**y\^. ■*"?.???*
MINING NOTES.
Fremont.— The clean-up at the Fre
mont for the first run, we are reliably
informed, averaged a trifle oVer $5 per
ton,^ which was above expectations.
TJ'he stockholders are quite elated, as
the ore was a mixture of rock from the
different levels, and is believed to be
a fair sample of the quartz. The com
pany is putting up five cottages for the
use of the employes, and other indica
tions tend, to prove that a long .and
prosperous career of. gold production is
opening out for this propertyT Five
dollars per ton— though not a high
grade proposition — leaves a good mar
gin of profit, with the facilities for
economical working which exist at this
property.
Argonaut.— The shaft repairs have
been completed below the 1200 level. It
is thought that the major portion of
the task - has been completed. The
mino is likely to get into full swing
early in the spring if nothing occurs in
the meantime to defer that desirable
result. i -
* Good Strike.— Tim Hanley has re
cently run across a rich streak of ore
in working his quartz claim on Board
man hill, Volcano. Rock of high values
has been taken out of this claim in
years past. The working of the claim
has been intermittent, but whenever
prospecting has been done to any ex
tent, it has generally responded in the
surrender of high grade quartz.
The -Frates Estate.
The affairs of Frank Frates, who
died recently in lone, are in a badly
mixed-upstate. The public adminis
trator has applied for letters of admin
istration, and so also has the guardian
of the minor heirs, W: A. Bennetts.
In addition to this complication,, an
other and worse mix-up has been 'dis
covered in relation to the affairs of
Mrs. Frates, who died some months
prior to the death of Frank Frates. In
his life time Frates , deeded nearly all
the real estate to his wife. Tho real
estate is situated in San Francisco and
Monterey. Tho estate of Mrs. Frates
was administrated upon, but the ad
ministration has not been closed. It is
now reported that tho validity of the
proceedings to straighten the title to
the real property have been called in
question, with the prospect that all
that has been done may have to be set
aside. At any rate the affairs are in
a much tangled condition. It is claim
ed that the deeds were in the nature of
a trust, and were held by Mrs. Frates
for the benefit of the heirs. The con
test over the administration— between
the guardian, W. A.' Bennetts, and the
public administrator — will come up for
hearing in tho superior court next
The large store in the Webb build
ing,-. heretofore occupied by Cade
martori's bakery shop, .is for rent.
Possession can be had forthwith. This
store is commodious, and has the finest
show window in town. It is suitable
for any business, general merchandise,
clothing, variety, furniture,' or any
other purpose. Apply at . the . Ledger
office.
Buckingham & Hecf and : United
Workman boots and shoes at the Jack
son Shoe Store.
The Sacramento Weekly Record
Union and Ledger for one year, only
$2.50 in advance.
AH&er the West they wear
Levi Strauss c Cos
Copper- riveted
Overalls.,
PLYMOUTH NEWS.
Plymouth, November 18.
Last Saturday evening a ball was
given by the Catholics, music by the
Grainger orchestra, the proceeds being
for the church, but as the weather was
so disagreeable a small crowd attend
ed, making the proceeds quite small.
A fish pond, superintended by Mrs.
Seavey and Miss Clara Steiner, was in
ono corner of the hall, at which the
children enjoyed themselves nicely by
fishing for the treasures within the
pond. The raffle for the following: ar
ticles also took place: Sofa pillow
(drawn work) Mrs. E. Brown; table
scarf, Mrs. Shields; set silver tea
spoons, Robert Davis; silver cake
stand, Mrs. J. Brown; sofa pillow,
(ocean wave) Mrs. Davis; silk quilt,
Miss Ida Herman; silver berry dish,
Martin Deraine.
Dr. W. A. Norman went to San
Francisco, Tuesday, for a visit.
Miss Alma Dugan has been sick for
two or three days with an attack of
malaria.
Mr. Potter and family, from the
east, are here visiting relatives.
• Miss Myrtle Bell of Aukum is here
spending a few days with relatives.
Early Saturday morning Mr. McGaf
fey, employee of A. L. Wait, discover
ed the dead body of Joseph Speakman
lying in front of the Adams House.
He immediately informed Messrs. Joe
Datson and Wm. McCormick that
there was "some one lying out there
dead," upon which they rushed out of
the hotel and found it to be Joseph
Speakman, a well known young man
of this vicinity. He was born in Penn
sylvania in 1872 and lived the largest
part of his life in Amador county, dy
ing here at the age of 30 years, 6
months and 6 days. Three brothers
and three sisters survive him. Inquest
was held Saturday, verdict being
death caused by heart failure. He
was buried here Monday, November
16, Rev. Hockett officiating. The ber
eaved ones have the sympathy of all.
Mrs. Al. Dugan and daughters re
turned from Folsom last week.
Omego.
A Scientific Discovery.
*
Kodol Dyspepsia Cure does for the
stomach that which it is unable to do !
for itself, even when but slightly dis
ordered or over-loaded. : Kodol Dys- '
pepsia Cure supplies the natural juices
of digestion and does the work of the
stomach, relaxing the nervous tension,
while the inflamed muscles of that or- ,
gan are allowed to rest and heal. Ko- .
dol Dyspepsia Cure digests what you
eat and enables the stomach and diges
tive organs to transform all food into
rich, red blood. Sold by City Phar
macy, Jackson.Revisit the Old Home==
K==and the Old Friends
—IN THE
Good Old Summer Time
The Southern Pacific will make special Re-
duced Rates June 24th to :*nh, inclusive, July
loth and 16th, and August 25th and Cfilh to
Various Eastern Points.
OWE - WAY FARE
| For Round Trip Ticket
fwith time limit of ninety days. The Great
Conventions, Modern Woodmen of America,
Indianapolis. June 16th; National Education-
al Association. Boston, July 6th; Nobles of
the Mystic Shrine, Saratoga, New York, July
7th, and other, important meetiDgs, Dlreet
Routes, Limited Trains.
Particulars of Ticket Agent.
SOUTHERN
PACIFIC CO.
F.B. LeMDIN
, DRYTOWN-Vt-
* Blacksmith,
E Wishes to inform -the public
that he is now back to his old stand
in Drytown, and is fully equipped
to do all kinds of
Horseshoeing, Blacksmith ing,
And General Repairing.
Carts, Buggies and Grave Railings,
made to order.
Also agent for all kinds of Carts.
. Buggies, and Harness. ja9-6m
(g? visit DR. JORDAN'S g™u
of Anatomy
I PjßlOei UAEZ£3 SI. tet. ftt 4 7th, S. T. CaL
IM| Tin Lutftt of In Hod In the World.
1 tnSB -We "1 «"" ln "»"T »<"'»? new specimens.
Ill "» Come and lorn nuw woDdorlmit you are nisde
*\n au.llwwto avoid ut-'knaj and diiuue. Irrou
»l suffer from any of the Ills of men. come to the
m floWwt Specialist on the Pacific Coast,
nit. JOBDA W-PRIVATE niSKABES
Consultation free and itriotlr private. Treatment person-
mlljjr bj letter. STPniLI N thoroughU eradiated
from the arstem withont using Hemr;, •""«•'"'
EVERY MM appljin B to us will mdTS cm
Aonesf opinion of his complaint
•T. wta Guaranty a POSITITB CUBE (n eoer» cats
wt undertake, or for/tit On Tko.w.l OouiS!
Write for Book— Phlloaophy orniarrlace,
lutLiD ntt (A valusbls b<»k for m«Q I ■
DB. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St. a P.
*%^*^*-^^^'^-^^a^^-%^^^^.
WP BUILOIN6 LOTS FOR SALE
Lots for sale in the Webb-Mason
tract. Will be sold at bed-rock
prices, for cash, or on instalment
plan. Lots fronting on Stump
and Center streets. Before pur-
chasing a residence lot call at
Ledger office and get prices.
JACKSON - - - - . - - CAL
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
: Mortimer :
• The Painter >:
J Is prepared to do all kinds of •
• House, Sign and Carriage •
• Painting. {
fAPER HANGING, ETC. "■ •
• In rear of Bank - - Jackson, Cal. •
/ 'If You Want \^
Good Health ?fc
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made From Pure Hops
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA.- my 29
Rooms: ■ Yard: flth 4 Irwln'sts.
603-604-603-606-607 "■■■'"■* '"^•--•'•""^SKfk
_, *!-* tlSlJfr* -cHlklxs.^. Lumber Phone 19
Claus Spreckels B'ldg !^?\j\j>>%o^Jfl»
san Francisco. ift^jtuf^B Oregon Pine,
§ : % Telephone: '^QD^JSF Cedar and
Private Exchange 279 \ rv »
# # -fc * *t4*Q^ nejwaocl
mchl3 - , *-.UIT\D€T
(.ncorporated)
!HR LEDGER AND WEEKLY EWAM
— $2.50 PER Y^, ARA R —.
PPffilF^UO! IS PERFECTION-^
A Made From SELECTED WHEAT
$\ Blended According to Our Own Formula
. Producing Per*«*ct Results and
A Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
Sweet to the Palate's Touch and
; • PIONEER Rd HILLS. BAGRAMEHTO •
Grove's Tasteless Chill Tome
has stood the test 35 years. Average Annual Sales over One and a Half Million
bottles. Does this record of merit appeal to you? No Cure, No Pay. 50c.
Enclosed with every bottle is a Ten Cent» package of Grove's Black Root. Liver Pills.
The Kind You Have Always Bought, and which has heen.
In use fop over 30 years, has home the signature of
fjtf an( l ! |:is hecu made under his per-
QEiyJtri&Jrfa, 8on «l supervision since its infancy.
•~^//, '««W«i Allow no one to deceive you in this.
All Counterfeits, Imitations and " Jnst-as-good" are hut
Experiments that trifle with and endanger tho health of
Infants and Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotio
substance. Its ago is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind -
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
; - .The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
jQ Bears the Signature of '-
The KM Youta Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
■m— ■— ™ r CINTAUH COMMNY. TT MURRAY STREET. NEW YORK CITY.
FIRE INSURANCE
Insure your property
PHOENIX OF LONDON
One of the oldest and most reliable-
companies in the world. Establish-
ed in 1782.' It has paid many mill-
ions of dollars in policies.
Policies written in this standard
company
ALSO IN
Providence Washington
OF CONNECTICUT
BY
Richard Webb. •'
Resident Agent, Jackson.
••••••••••••••••••••••••••
| UNITED STATES MAIL |
• Daily Stage Line ;•:
2 Between Jackson, Piue Grove Ji
• and Volcano. • |
{ Tf A. MARSINO - Proprietor • j
• _ Leaves Jackson daily at 6:30 a. m • !
• Arrives at Pine Grove about 9a. m , and * '
• ' at Volcano about 9:30 am. 0
• Makes connection with the stage leav- •
J ing Volcano for Defender every Monday •
• Wednesday and Friday. •
a Leaves Volcano daily at 3p. m. ar- 5
2. riving at Pine Grove at 3 p. m and 5
2 Jackson at sp. m. '■;?: ?
• IJest service in Amador County. (
J Prompt delivery of packages a •
3 specialty. " •
j • Fare— Jackson to Volcano $1.50; Jack- •
i • son to Pine Grove $1.00. Round trip •
• to Volcano $2.50. •
| m Offices— National Hotel, Jackson, and J
I Postofflces Pine Grove and Volcano. J
•••••••••••••••••••••••Oft*
FOR RENT -k
•Marini's residence, consisting of 7
rooms and a large basement; ront
$10. Will give a Qve year leuso
if desired. For further particu-
lars address . . Ml^
V. A. Marlnl. Angels Camp, CalJ
THE /LMAPOB USDOER;- JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY. NOVEMBEB 20, 1903.
MACHINERY FOR SALE
The Sargent ' Mining Co. offers for
salo all tho Machinery, Tools,
Buildings, Gallows Franlo, Lum-
ber and Wood now on the mine
near Middlo Bar bridge. For fur--
. ther information apply to tho .
SUPT. CENTRAL EUREKA MINE, SUTTER CRtEK
mcU37
ht^WV !• -I--1I - low m
ih Uv/f ICttTrfc Priced fj
fir X^awgaawaqweaMTflgta-V Made 11
Non-Magnetic
t£) Mickel Silver Case .
rf\\ Fully Guaranteed
llUiil For sale by
HV ALL JEWELERS
WJJ Illustrated Booklet
j£|gL on request, showing
Joo^S>. COLORED
Mm--ji\ fancy
■imh^T 2\ DIALS
tf ft) I | The New England
i-40/ A f Factories— B
flay yf\ !^\ Watertury, Cono. H
wEi»\7rV'l *>/ omen- m
ml K\J «/ New York. Cblcajo.S
'Spl^AOfZ-y San Francisco. EJ
AH.KUHLMAN
Contractor and Builder
Will do work in any part of
Amador County. If you want
' to build, sojid a note to Jackson
Postotiieo und I will call on you.
. Estimates /urnished without cost
on any kind of building. Will
mako plans and specifications for
you. mar2tf
J. H. LANGHORSTfV
. Muld Street. Jackson
Uealer 3n-^— . .'■_
#UERII!U WITCHES, -GLOGB.JEHIinr^
AND SILVERWARE v
**■■ All f oods warranted as represented
Repairing; O f watches. Clocks and lry
i$ Per Cent Saved......
Bj ' purchasing Watches
& Jewelry from
— -T- GKETTSTI-
Wa tchmaker & Jeweler
N orth Maiii St., Jacksou.
I vtTl give $100 for any failure to repair
ix perfect condition either a Swiss, En-
glish or American watch. Chrono-
meter, Chronograph. Clirono-
scope or Repeater.
; Highyafc price paid for old Gold and
! '- S "" r '
fEjjT Union Stables
vK*S«A under Webb Hall *
MAIN STKEUT - - JACKSON, CAL.
- M. FEWMAN, Prop.
The Stable equipped with Brst-ciass stock
and vehicles. Suitable riga for Commercial
travelers with trunks.
Special Attention Paid %
* to Transient Stock.
Large stable aud yard for use of teamsters.
Telegrams answered free of cost. ■ 2-23-tf
WHEN ONE IS A GUEST
The Pleasures of Visiting and th«
Duties of the Visitor.
It is a pleasing sensation to wako up
in the morning and feel that one is a
gmst Strange wall papers and strange
furniture surround one's bed, and there
is a strange view out of the window.
All the jostling demons of worry, anx
lety and responsibility, whether domes
tic or professional, who stand ready to
crowd upon our consciousness vanish
in the unfamiliar environment. We
have got away out of the claws of the
usual and lie blissfully waiting for a
knock at the door which shall have an
unfamiliar sound.
Downstairs we find new faces, new
pictures, strange books, a fresh stand
point Life has a new sarvor. Wo taste
it everywhere |'n the atmosphere and
In the conversation, even in the bread
and tho salt. Our first sensation is that
everything depends upon somebody
else. It is nothing to do with us what
ever happens. But presently the old
truism of our childhood.Hhat every sit
uation in life ha's its duties, coanes back
to our mind, and though with our wak
ing thoughts we cast off those of the
home dweller we must immediately
prepare to take on those of a guost, at
least if we are constitutionally con
scientious, which, alas, all guests arc
not. They may indeed be divided by
this conscience test into visiting sheep
and visiting goats.
The motto of the conscientious guest
Is Mine. Mohl's well known saying, "It
Is a shame to eat another man's bread
and give him nothing in return!" Such
a one should be. a 'Joy to his hostess,
but In the holiday world of hosts and
guests, as In workaday life, good Inten
tions do "not always insure success. The
conscientious sometimes fail where the
unconsclentious succeed.— London Spec
tator.
THE SENSE OF SMELL.
The Aborigines of Pern Have Devel-
oped It Wonderfully.
How infinitely minute must be the
particles that emanate from the object
which the dog is tracking, says the
London Mail. Yet the matter is ex
tremely divisible. The tenth part of a
grain of musk will continue for years
to fill a room with its odoriferous par
ticles and at the end of that time will
not be appreciably ' diminished in
weight by the finest balance. A cubic
inch of air rising from the flame of a
Bunscn burner has been found to con
tain no fewer than 489,000,000 dust par
ticles. A drop of blood which might be
suspended from the point of a needle
contains about a million of red flat
tened corpuscles. Still, though matter
Is so marvelously divisible, the olfac
tory nerves are infinitely more sensi
tive. Much has yet to be investigated
with regard to the differentiation of
the points in these nerves.,so that they
may discriminate with such apparent
ly miraculous accuracy. Yet even the
results in the scent of dogs show how
marvelously fine is their discriminating
power. Our sense of smell, unless in
the trained chemist, is not even so
acute as that of the semlsavage. 'The
aborigines of Peru can in the darkest
night and in the thickest woods'distin
guish respectively a white man, a ne
gro and one of their own race by the
smell. Much we have gained by civili
zation, but not without some loss to oui
bodily energies and senses. Man's re
cuperative power after an injury is in
the inverse ratio to his social advance
ment. Similarly he seems to become
less acute and delicate in the sense of
smell as he fares better and lives more
comfortably. The- faithful dog puts
him to shame.
Greek Noses.
We learn that the nose of Socrates
waa not Greek, but such as Greek art
ists usually assigned to satyrs. Occa
sionally, as in a beautiful group of a
satyr playing dice with a nymph on a
bronze mirror, they gave satyrs anoth
er kind of nose. The noses of the la
dies in the Tanagra terra cotta are of
all agreeable orders of nose, not neces
sarily Greek. The chances are that the
Greeks varied as much as we do in
their noses, while the tradition of their
art preferred the conventional straight
nose. In the same way the kind of Ro
mans who had their portraits done on
coins and gems were just the sort of
energetic, conquering people who have
Roman noses everywhere, like William
of Orange and the Duke of Wellington.
—London Saturday Review.
The Xietters Came Back.
A circumstantial fish story is told by
the London News. The captain of the
steamer Benalder of Lcith, on a voyage
to"'China, threw a bundle of old letters
overboard in the Mediterranean. Some
Spanish fishermen of Aguilns, near
Cartagena, later caught a large fish
and on opening it found a bundle of
letters inside. They took this to the
mayor, who managed to -decipher In
one the name and address vt the super
intendent of the steamship line in Lon
don and thus to restore the letters to
their owner.
Quieting.
Mrs. Patty— Do you really think Dr.
Duckman is a skillful physician?
Mrs. Giblin (the patient) — I don't
know so much about that. But he has
Buch a quieting way with him! When
I said I hoped I shouldn't be buried
ilive lie said he'd look out for that,
ty'asn't that thoughtful of him?— Bo
ston Transcript.
In a Bad Way.
Mary— l'm sorry to hear that you've
not been feeling well. What seems to
be the matter?
Jane — I suppose I am run down.
Why, for the last month I haven't been
able to put any heart even into my
shopping.— Brooklyn Life.
No one can give anything and keep it
—except a promise.
Geo. McMillan^?.—
•^ FOTOGRAPHER
' 'Fino Carbon kotos' ' all sizes. Groups
and Mining Views. Stamp Fotos
and Button Jewelry. '
JACKSON - - - - . CAL .
THF 9^
A. Vandcr Naillen School
Of Practical Civil, Mining, Elec-
trical and Mechanical Engineering,
Surveying, Architecture, Drawing,
Assaying, Cyaniding and Motall-
urgy complete.
113 Fulton Street - - San Francisco.
I Send tor illustrated catalogues tree.
ANCIENT DISEASE.
Smallpox First Described by Arabs
In Sixth Century.
The literary as well as tho pathologic
history of smallpox • presents many
items of very special Interest All rend
ers of thu clouded annals of the "Mid
ilk' Ages" are acquainted with ths fact
that Arabian writers "were for many
centuries tlie recognized apostles of phi
losophy and physical science— including
the sundry departments of medicine
and surgery— to the various nations of
western Europe. And it is to one of
those, Abu Bekker Mohammed- ben
Zoclmrinh (A. D. 830-032), the earliest
aud most original of all the great Mos
lem physicians, thai medical science
and medical literature are indebted for
the first recognition of smallpox as a
distinct disease andiits first description
in written language. This venerable au
thority Is generally 'known to posterity
as Rhazes, a name which he derived
from Ual, the place of his -birth. His
original description of this formidable
disease has been made familiar to Eng
lish inquirers through the medium of
Dr. Greenhill's translation. In addition
to his observations on disease proper
the powers of observation of Rhazes in
physiognomy are demonstrated by such
Items of information as, "A man with
large, ears is stupid, but long lived,"
and in rational therapeutics by his rec
ommendation of the practice of the
game of chess as a cure for melan
cholia. The antiquity of smallpox is,
as might well be expected, lost in the
midst of ages, but the definite state
ment has boon made by Arab historians
that it first aiipeared in the Abyssinian
army of Abraha at tho siege of Mecca
in the course of the so called "Elephant
war" of A. D. 5(59 (or 071). The legend
is given as follows by oue of their, best
historians, Tabari: "Thereupon came
the birds of tho seadn flocks, every one
with three stones, inithe claws two, and
in the beak one; and they threw the
stones upon ■ them. 'Wherever one of
these stones struck there arose an evil
wound, and pustules all over. At that
time the smallpox first appeared and
the bitter trees. The stones undid them
wholly. Thereafter God sent a torrent
which carried them away and swept
thorn into the sea." Even one of the
elephants, having ventured within the
sacred inclosures, was struck by a stone
and fell .a victim to the smallpox.
Among the bitter plants which also ap
peared at. that date for the first time,
the rue and colcynth are especially
mentioned.— American Medicine.
POLTLTRY POINTERS.
Sulphur for the nests, whitewash for
the house aud kerosene for the roosts.
Common road dust with a little sul
phur mixed in it makes a good dust
bath.
On the farm a pound of poultry meat
can be grown at loss cost than a pound
of beef.
. Pullets batched in summer will not
lay until spring, and it is rarely best
to keep them.
An egg from a good layer will be
more likely to produce a good layer
than an egg from a poor layer.'
Sorghum seed mulct's a good f<td for
poultry. When the cane is harvested
for. molasses the sued should all be
*savitl.
Tin; larger aud iuoiv scarlet In color
the comb is the nearer the pullet has
approached the period that she is about
to lay.
I'"or kooil winter layers save the pul
lets tlmt were hatched early, not later
than April, and thu yearling hens that
molt early; ■ '
Know How ti> Dt-Hcrlbe it.
A nvwsp iper woman in a New Eng
jand town was sent to report an enter
iaiir.ncnt where amateurs sang, recited
and dii! outer stunts. In her account of
the affair the woman wrote:
"MrK.-lilaiik sang two solos with her
usual ue; ye." .*£■£
"See here." called the editor; "you
mean 'wryt I ,' don't you?" .
"If yon had hwir.l the singing," said
the woman reporter, "you would know
tUat I wrote it correct." .'---:
"l!nt it will make Mrs. ltlank an
sry." * ' ri ;.v»; .v»
"Tell her that it was a typographical
error. That will appease her wrath,
and all who heard her efforts will
commend tli? paper for its truthful
ness." ■ -.'•-. ■.:;■;
And so it was printed "nerve." — New
York Press.
Lnsnn and the Liar.
A man who knew John A. Logan In
southern Illinois before the civil war
said that on a certain occasion young
Logan found it noocssary to doubt the
veracity of a man considerably older
than himself and told him so without
any circumlocution.
"Don't you call me a liar, sir," said
the man excitedly. "I have a reputa
tion to maintain, and I mean to main
tain it If I have to do it at the point of
a pistol."
"Oh," said Logan calmly, "that won't
be necessary. You maintain your repu
tation all right every time you tell a
lie."
Easy and Effective.
"Before I consent to let you have my
daughter," said the square jawed cap :
tain of industry, "I want you to an
swer a question. What would you do
if I were to give you $1,000,000?"
After the coroner had viewed the re
mains and decided that death was due
to heart failure caused by a sudden
shock the old man lit another cigar
and murmured:
"That's worth tryin' again some
tune."— Chicago Record-Herald.
Optimists.
T}>e people wlio are most skillful at
seeing tho silver lining to the cloud are
nsuqlly the uiubrcllaless ones that
t>lp.c£ade your doorway while waiting
for the rain to atop.— Judge.
VX'kfWM CAN'T
If^fMTOUCH
_4CtL_v^-^V the man who wears
ISgp^SAWYER'S
j^v>^XW EXCELSIOR
brand.
Ml2*W Slickers ■
"irro»N»w JWyf/ l»«t in the world, wlm
•wNjNEaJ^k V V not crack, peel or get
//^^ii^w^vv V \ ft "tit-liy. Look for trade
t'i«Pi^B\JlvM V I "ark. If uot at dealer's
\\lSi «W ! ns\\ A I K'nil for catalogue.
V3P>i/ W ix V" • " • B"J"B "J" A s "». Sul ' »'"•
TO PRINTERS.— A COMPLETE OUTFIT'
for a Seven or Eight Column Paper, In-
cluding Washington Hand Press, body and dis-
play type, rules leads, etc. Will be sold cheap
for cash.
Also, one Mustang Mailer, and Mailing Out-
fit; good as new. Address, Ledger omce, Jack-
son, CuL
Ledger and Daily Record-Union $7.00.
TRICKS WITH CARDS
SKILLFULLY DONE, THEY WILL AMUSE
AND MYSTIFY YOUR GUESTS.
How to Tell Every Card In the Pack
With Ita Back Turned Toward Yon.
The Thirty-one Trick — A Clever
'Way to Tell Drawn Cards.
This undoubtedly is one of the best
illusions performed with cards, as it
not ouly brings the whole pack into
use, but Is also legitimately founded
upon arithmetical principles. By this
trick you are able to tell the whole pack
of cards with the backs toward you;
also to sort them after being cut any
number of times in the j mere act of
dealing them out in a row. It is per
formed thus: __ k
A pack of cards being distributed on
the table, with their faces uppermost,
they are picked up one by one in the
following order: 0, 4, 1, 7, 5, king, 8, 10,
knave, 0, 2, queen. Repeat the same se
ries of every thirteen cards. Four times
over will of cours«.complete the pack.
That the above order may be remem
bered, the following words are used as
a guide to the memory and they are
intended to enumerate the cards:
0 4 1 *
The sixty-fourth regiment beats the
•7 5 . king
seventy-fifth; up starts the king, with
8 10 8 knave *
eight thousand and three men and
9 2 queen
ninety-two women.
Hence this trick is said to be done
"bywords!" '
The pack being arranged, it may be
handed to any of the company "to cut,"
with the proviso that this operation be
done whist fashion— that is, by taking
a portion of the cards ott in a mass
and placing the lower division on what
was before the upper one. This done
fairly and properly, it may be repeated
any number of times, as the audience
may think fit You then take the pack
and by a feint catch sight of the bot
tom card. Having learned this (it may
be done at a glance, in a second of
time), you have the "key to the whole
trick. Then commence ; it by dealing
the cards out in the ordinary way, but
in thirteen heaps. . Having . dealt out
thirteen, begin again and cover them;
then go on as before. When finished
there will be of course four in each
heap. Now every heap will contain all
four of the same denomination, as the
four knaves in one heap, the four sev
ens in another, and so on. The thir
teenth, or last heap, will be of the same
denomination as the one at the bottom
which you have contrived to see, and,
according to whatever that card is, all
the suits will follow, but in the reverse
order, as the words , above Indicate.
Thus suppose the eight was the bottom
card. Then on dealing them out they
would be in the following order: King,
5, 7, 1, 4, 6, queen, 2, 0, knave, 3, 10, 8,
and you begin reciting in the mind the
words you use from that passage in the
sentence, working from right to left,
which the card indicates in the above.
You would say: ■
8 , 10 3 knave
Eight thousand and three men and
0 2 queen 6 ■ 4 '
ninety-two women; sixty-fourth
regiment beats the seventy-fifth; np
king
starts . the king with, etc. Here, of
course, is your starting point ' .
The same principle holds good what
ever the card may be. Any person ask
ing for a card, all four of every suit
may be found in the same heap and
can be quickly turned up as soon as re
quired with a little practice, to the ut
tur astonishment and wonder of the
company. . . *
By taking up the cards in the same
order as before, but all of one suit, you
may easily discover the position of any
one card that is demanded.
A fine trick with cards is called "thir
ty-one." It is played with the first six
of each suit, the aces In one row, the
deuces in another, the threes in anoth
er, then the fours, fives and sixes, all
laid in rows. The object now will be
to turn down cards alternately and en
deavor to make 31 points by so turning
or as near to it as possible without
overrunning it, and the one who turns
down a card the spots of which make
him 81 or so near it that the other can
not turn down one without overrun
ning it wins. This trick Is very deceiv
ing, as all other tricks are, and re
quires much practice to be well under
stood. The chief point is to count so as
to end with the following' numbers—
viz, 3, 10, 17 or 24. For example, we
will 'suppose it your privilege ; to com
mence with 3 and your adversary
would, add 6, which would make it 9.
■ It would then be your policy to add 1
and make 10. Then, no matter what
number he adds, he cannot prevent
you counting 17, which number gives
you the command of the trick. We will
suppose he adds 0 and makes 10. Then
you add 1 and make 17; then he adds 6
and makes 23, you add 1 and make 24.
Then he cannot possibly add any num
ber to count 31, as the highest number
he can add is 6, which would only
. count 30, so that you can easily add the
remaining 1, or ace, and make 31.
There are, however, many variations to
the trick.
A clever way Is here given In which
to discern one or more drawn cards.
Turn unperceived the bottom card of a
pack face upward; then let several of
the company draw a card. Reverse the
pack rapidly, so that the bottom is now
the top card, and thus all the other
cards are turned face upward unseen
by the spectators.
Hold' the pack firmly In your fingen
and request those who have drawn tc
replace their cards In the pack. Thus
all the drawn cards will He with theii
faces downward, while all the othei
cards will He with their faces upward
You now step aside, select the drawi
cards and show them to the company
— Boston Herald.
Free Bicycle
OR WATCH, to the person (or persons)
guessing number of answers we will re-
ceive to this advertisement. Send us 25
cents for useful novelty and make a guess.
Money back if not satisfied. We want
more agents to sell our goods.
HOUSEHOLD SUPPLY CO.
jel9-3m 175-178 Uaywanl Building. S. F.
"L. ,„ »• STRENGTH-GIVER, ohtj^
Dru^, JAYNE'S TONIC VERMIFUGE, and ME
Amador Ledger it Weekly Record-Union
ORIENTAL LANTERNS.
How They Are Made and Uses to
Wblch They Are Put.
The lantern of the east is as old as
civilization.. Its primary object la to
protect the flame from sudden drafts.
Beyond this is" the concentration of
light for the convenience of a reader
and, last and least, the regard for beau
iy. The oldest form is a perforated
cylinder or rectangular box. Of this
type there are numberless varieties, old
and new. The ancient ones which have
been preserved are of iron, copper and
brass, nearly all simple in construction
and finish,- but a few richly decorated,
Occasionally one runs across, lanterns
made of silver or ivory. These come
from palaces or temples and in most
instances are richly carved. Not in
frequently the perforations are fitted
with pieces of colored glass, rock crys
tal, amethyst and garnet.
In China and Japan the traveler's or
street lantern is a feature. . This is a
sphere or. ellipsoid ranging from six
inches to two and even three feet in
diameter, made of oiled paper, cloth or
silk. In Cathay this lantern is used to
show the rank of its owner by the col
oring or inscriptions .on its exterior.
The humble citizen uses a small affair
in white or red, -the official of low rank
a sphere a foot in diameter hanging in
front of his sedan chair, while the high
mandarin employs a huge lantern, re
splendent with his titles in colors, car
ried by an a'blebodied cooly who walks
a yard in advance.
It is in house lanternsthat the great
est variety is found. Of these the gen
eral type is a four,- five,' six, 'seven,
eight or ten sided box, whose length is
usually twice its width. Each side is
a pane of glass,' plain, ground, frosted
or decorated. From the angles hang
pendants of many sorts. The frame
work is usually of teak, . but ebony,
rosewood, . mahogany and other woods
are employed. Often the sides of the
lanterns are alternately wood and
glass, the latter being covered with
ground designs and the former richly
carved in -*cHef or inset with ivory,
mother-of-pearl or silver.
Upon the pendants the artificers put
their hardest work. Some are made of
colored twads, strung and massed with
fantastic shapes and knots. Others
are strings of little bells, which ring
with every passing breeze. Lines of
glittering tinted glass balls betray the
origin of a favorite mode of decorating
Christmas" trees. Quaint objects in
gaudy enamel or colored porcelain, con
nected by threads, chains or wires, con
stitute a fourth and very pleasing
group. Floral festoons made of arti
ficial flowers are popular, especially
with the fair sex.— New York Post
ANCIENT CITIES.
Jerusalem - in the days of Solomon
probably did not contain 20,000 people.
Constantinople at the time of its
greatest splendor as capital of the east
ern empire had a population of about
1,500,000.
Babylon, whose name has come to be
synonymous with, dense population,
never had over 1,200,000 Inhabitants in
its palmiest days, so the archaeologists
declare.
Athens, when she led the Greek
states in repelling the : invasion of
Xerxes, . had only 30,000 inhabitants,
but Herodotus speaks of this number
as if it was something to boast of.
Rome, the mistress of the world, the
great city to which all roads led, "Rome
the Eternal," did not exceed 2,000,000
in population. Gibbon, indeed, believes
that it" had only 1,200,000, and in this
estimate he and Milman agree.
X 222 South Peoria St., H
■ Chicago, 111., Oct. 7, 1902. : ■
H Eight months ago I -was so ill I
B that I waa compelled to lie or sit X
down nearly all the time. My H
stomach waa so weak and upset M
that I could keep nothing on it H
and I vomited frequently. I H
could not urinate without great O
pain and I coughed so much that S3
my throat and lungs were raw H
and sore. The doctors pro- H
nounced it Bright's disease and Bj
others said it was consumption. ■
It mattered little to me what B
they called it and I had no Je- ■
sire to live. A sister visited me w
from St. Louis and asked me if H
I had ever tried Wine of Cardui. H
- I told her I had not and she ' H
bought a bottle. I believe that H
it saved my life. I believe many t|
women could save much suffer- M
: ing if they but knew of its value. H
Don't you want freedom from H
pain? Take Wine of Cardui H
and make one supreme effort to B
be well. You do not need to be H
a weak, helpless sufferer.' You B
can have a woman's health and B
do a woman's work in life. Why g
not secure a bottle of Wine of H
Cardui from your druggist to- kJ
WMEOIRDUI I
J. GHIGLIERI & BRO.
Cosmopolitan Liquor Store
JACKSON GATE, CAL.
Dealers and Jobbers in foreign and domestic
WINES, LIQUORS & CIGARS
SELECTED stock of Imported ConiN. Choice
California Wines, popular brands. Eastern
and Domestic Beers; special bottling.
Havana, Key West and New York Cigars.
Bourbon, Rye, Sweet and Sour Mash Whiskies
ot celebrated distilleries. j;r.' ly
the Yield of U. a
Government
4 Per Cent. Bonds (192:
compared with the returns't
the 5 Per Cent. 20-Year Go
Bonds issued by
The Mutual 1
. Company
OF NEW*¥r3&K,
is shown in a ledger statemel
which can be obtained ll
addressing I
Tin? Mutual Life Insuran<
Company of New,. York,
Richard A. McCurdy, President,
New York. N. Y."
St ,nly Forbes, Manager "- - - San Franc
California."' je
•••••••••••••••••••••••a
5'; v THE FLORIST
• 1601 -10 th St., Sacramento
J^ BDNSET PHONE NO. EAST 769.
• Cut llowers at all timed.
« Funeral and Wedding orders a
• specialty. .
J Orders telephoned to our agent
» at Jackson will receive immetl-
• iate attention and, and prompt
z delivery assured.
• Miss Amelia Cademartorl
• Aqcnt. Jackson, Cal. m
v invai'B
•••••••■••••••••••••••••g
BANK OF AMADOR GOUN
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : : : ' $50.00
President .... ........Alfonse Uinoc
Vicc-Presidcnt S. G. Spag
Secretary and Cashier Frederick El
. BOARD OP OIRECTOBS:
Alfonse Ginocchlo, S. G. Spagnoli, John Strc
Frederick Kudcy and Alex Kudcy of Jacks
SAFE DEPOSIT.— Safe deposit boxes ca
rented from tho Bank of Amador County at
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereb}
cur4ng you against any possible loss from
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportu
of protecting your valuables. -
. SAVE* MONEY— Patronize a borne Ins
tion. Send money away through the Ban
Amador County ; you will save 10 per cent
upward over postofnee or express. Money
to all parts of the United States and also
parts of the world. We have the latest qu
tions on foreign exchange. -
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anythln
deposit money in the Bank of Amador Cou
They receive deposits from 15 up. Comm<
the new year by opening up a bank account
man or woman with a bank account hi
financial standing. Don't bury your moi
when you die it can't be found and you are
ble to be robbed while alive - ... -
•••••••••••••••••••••••I
j 11 N1INH
• 18 Turk St., near Market I
: San Francisco, CalJ
J New sev^n-story, fn*c-pro"fl
• hotel just opened; steam lieat.H
• electricity and lon# distance!
• telephone in every room; ; del
• gantly furnished; one blockfl
• from leading theatres; unques-B
J tionably finest moderate pricetfl
• hotel on Pacific Coast. ||
2 Take Market Streeifl
• Cars to Turk St. i
2 Rates 75c per day and npß
• ■ - myl I
•••••••••••••••••••••••■H
T£ICHAKD WE It It 11
United States Commissioner* I
JACKSON. CAB
Will ;iuend to Homestead and other liliiß
taking of linal proofs and all other LH
Business. — ' • S3
Deeds and other legal documents drawn vH
A^ent for Phoenix Assurance Compan^H
London, anil Washington Providence FinM
surance Companies. i<; .' MH
TO THE UNFORTUNATaj
themost successful BE
gAXJrrf^j'jJ^fc^yOKTi? Diseases, such as OH
orrhea, Gleet, StriciH^
Logs of Manhood, R|
consequence of self abuse and excess proH
Ing the following symptoms: Sallow coußj
nance dark spots under the eyes, painirJß
head, ringing in thu ears, loss of conddeHj
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitaHH
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and bBK
loss of memory, pimples on the face, cou HE
consumption, etc. • EB
DX. GIIinON has practiced in San FrancK
over W years, and those troubled should W-J
fail to consult him and receive the beneiHi
his great skill and experience. Tho doß§
cures when others fail. Try him. Cures A
antced. Persons cured at home. Charges rHK
onable. Call or write. Kg
Dr. J. F. Gidbon, 639 Kearney street, I
Francisco. Cal. - Kg
FURNISHED ROOMS TO KENt.— AppS
Ledger office. jRS