Established November i, 1855.
LAWYERS.
"pv I*. SPAGNULI
{Attorney and Counselor at Law
Jackson. Cal. '
Practice in all the States and Federal eourls
Office: Spagnoll building, opposite Hall ol
Records.
t w. caldwgll
Jackson, Cal.
Will practice in all courts of the State,
JOHN F. OAVIS
Office on Summit Street, opposite Courthouse
;
NOTARIES.
TTIL.UA CI.OUGII
' "" Stenographer anil Notary Public
Jackson, Cal.
Office, Judge Davis 1 law offices, Summit Street
- '"' DOCTORS.
T7l E. ■ ENDICOTT, M." D.T-
Physician ami .Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times.
r\u; . c. v. .. t i ffax y
Physician and Surgeon
PLYMOUTH, CAL.
Office— Forrest House. Hours — 8 to 9 a. m.,
aud 1 to 2 and 7 to 8 p. m.
Telephone Main 41. -
TTVJB..L. E; PHILLIPS
Physician aud Surgeon
JACKSON CAL^.-;
Office— Well & Renno Building. Residence,
north Main street, opposite California
Hotel.
Telephone No. 401.
■pyK.A. M. GALL
, Physician and Surgeon
Jackson. Cal. . .
Office in Marelia building. Main Street
£)B. E. V. LONI6O
.-. |From the Medical School of Florence (Italy)
A graduate besides from the Medical Depart-
ment University of the State of California,
and ex-Surgeon to the City Receiving Hospi-
tal of San Francisco, begs leave to inform
you that he has opened his offlco in the town
of Jackson, Kay's building, formerly Dr. Rob-
ertson's office, where all who cull h ill be an-
swered day and night ".'..■
General Surgery & Obstetrical attendance hie
specialties, i ■ Telephone No. 467.
tvh. a. h. o'coxxok
Physician and Surgeon
Formerly of Roosevelt Hospital and Vander-
bilt Clinic, New York City.
Office and residence opposite the Methodist
Church.
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
~~~ DENTISTS.
TTVR. C. A. HEKKICII
Jackson. Cal.
Office In Kay bui.ning. Hours from 9 a. m. to
5 p.m.
; ••♦»♦»♦»»♦♦»♦♦♦»♦#♦♦»♦♦♦♦
i Globe Hotel!
] | NEW MANAGEMENT. J |
I ! E. M. HURST Proprietor %
!:'•■." -~- ' ■ .'::
i I RATES FROM $1 10 $2 1 DRY j
; ; Meals from 25c to 50c. . | \
! i Sample Rooms for Commer- ','<
! ','■■ clal Travelers. ;! !
1 ' _ A ! 1 Stages stop at this hotel. • '
i: jackson... cal. i:
< • • my 6 ' '
• - : £^@ife) •■■■■-■ ,
J. H. LANGHORST
.. " Main Street, Jackson
Dealer In — : '
MRICIIN MICHES, CLOCKS JftfßßY*
■
..' ■• '; ';i AND SILVERWARE
*» All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watches, Clocks and jewelry a
specialty.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
5 DAILY STAGE LINE \
3 BETWEEN •
• JACKSON and ELDORADO •
• J. Stelner, Proprietor. •
J Leaves Jackson every morning at 7:30 J
0 a.m.; arrives at Plymouth 10:30 a. m. •
• Leaves Plymouth at Ip. m.; arrives at *
• El Dorado 5 p.m. •
2 Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a.m.; arrives J
9 at Plymouth 11 a. m. Leaves Plymouth •
• at 2p. m.; arrives in Jackson at sp. m. •
S Offices— Jackson, National Hotel; Sut- 5
Z ter Creek, American Exchange ; Ama- Z
J dor City, Amador Hotel; Dry town, Ex- Z
J " change; Plymouth, Forest House. J
• «\SS . •
• Prompt delivery of packages. - •
• This line connects with passenger •
• trains to and from Placerville. 2
2 THROUCH FARE - - - - $2.50 2
• Fifty pounds of baggage free. •
•tttttt*t««tt*tt««tt«t*««S
The Amador Ledger.
CHAPTEE CCXI.
An act to provide for the issuance and aale of
state bonds to create a fund for the construc
tion by the board of state harbor commis
sioners of a seawall and appurtenances in
the city and county of Ban Francisco; to
create a sinking fund for the payment of
said bonds; and providing for the submis
sion of this act to a vote of the people.
[Approved March 20, ISKKJ.]
The people of the State of California, repre
sented in senate and assembly do enact as
follows: .
Section 1. For the purpose of providing a
fund for Hie payment of the tiidebtnt'ss here
by authority to be incurred by the board of
state harbor commissioners for the erection
of a seawall and appurtenances in lliu city
and county of San Francisco, at a cost not to
exceed two million dollars (which said sea
wall and appurtenuuees the board of stale
harbor commissioners are hereby empower
ed to construct In the manner authorized
by liw, and at a cost not to exceed said
two million dollars,) the state treasurer shall,
immediately after the issuance of the pro
clamation of the governor, provided for
in section ten hereof, prepare two thous
and suitable bonds of the State of Cali
fornia, in the denomination of one thous
and dollars each. The whole issue of
said bonds shall not exceed the sum of
two million dollars, and said bonds shall
bear interest at the rate of four per centum
per annum, from the time of the sale thereof,
and botli principal and interest shall be pay
able in gold coin of the present standard
of value, tind they shall be payable nt the
office of the state treasurer, at tueexplration
of nineteen ye.irs from their date, subject,
however to redemption by lot as in this act
hereinafter provided. Said bonds shall bear
date, the second day of January, A. 1). nine
teen hundred and live, and shall bo made
payable on the second day of January, nine
teen hundred and twenty-four A. 1). The
interest accuring on such of said bonds as
are sold, shall be due and payable at the
office of the said state treasurerou the second
day of January, and on tbe second day of July
of each year after thesale of the same; pro
vided, that the first payment of interest shall
be made on the second day of January. A. D.
nineteen hundred and six, on so many of
said bonds as may have been theretofore sold.
At the expiration of nineteen years from the
dateof said bonds, all bonds sold shall cease
to bear interest, and. likewise, all bonds re
deemed hy lot shall cease to bear interest as
In this act provided, and the said state treas
urer shall call in. forthwith pay, and cancel
the same, out of the moneys In the Ban Fran
..•lsco seawall sinking fund provided for in
this act and lie shall on tbe first Monday of
January, nineteen hundred and twenty-four,
also cancel and destroy all bonds not there
tofore sold. All bonds issued shall be signed
by the governor, and countersigned by the
controller, and shall be Indorsed by the state
treasurer, and each shiUl have the seal or the
state stamped thereon. Each bond shall
contain a clause that it is subject to redemp
tion by lot alter the year 1914.
Sec. 2. Interest coupons shall be attached
to each of said bonds, so that such coupons
may be removed without injury to or mutila
tion of the buud. Said rou pons shall be con
secutively numbered, and shall be signed by
the state treasurer. But uo interest on any
of said bonds shall be paid for any time
which may intervene .between the date of
any of said lionds and the issue and sale
thereof to a purchaser.
' Sec. 3. The sum of one thousand dollars is
hereby appropriated to pay the expense that
may be incurred by the state treasurer in
having said bonds prepared. Said amount
shall be paid out of the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund on controller's warrants
duly drawn for that purpose.
Sec 4. When the bonds authorized to be
Issuul under this act shall be duly executed,
they shall be by tLe state treasurer sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
in such parcels and numbers as said treasur
er shall bo directed by the governor of the
state, under the seal thereof after a resolu
tion requesting such sale shall have been
adopted by the board of state harbor com
missioneis; but said treasurer must reject
any and all bids for said bonds, or for any of
them, which shall be below the par value of
said bonds so offered; and he may, by public
announcement at the place and time Uxed
for the sale, continue such sale, as to tbe
whole of the bonds offered, or any part there
of offered to such time and place as he may
select. Due notice of the time and place of
sale of all bonds must be given by said treas
urer by publication In two newspapers pub
lished in the city and county of San Fran
cisco, and also by publication in one news
paper published in the city of Oakland, and
by publication in one newspaper published
in the city of Ixjs Angeles, and by publication
in one newspaper published in the city of
Sacramento, once a week during four weeks
prior to such sale. The costs of such publica
tion shall be paid out. of the San Francisco
harbor improvement Hind, on controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose. The
proceeds of the sale of such bonds shall be
forthwith paid over by said treasurer into the
treasury, and must be be by him kept in a
separate fund, to be known and designated
as the ".San Francisco Seawall Fund" and
must be used exclusively for the construction
of seawalls and appurtenances thereto on tbe
waterfront of the city and county of San
Francisco, Drafts and warrants upon said
fund shall be drawn upon and shall be paid
out of said fund in the same manuei as drafts
and warrants are drawn upon and paid out
of the San Francisco harbor improvement
fund.
Sec. 5. For the payment of the principal
and interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to
be known and designated as the "San Fran
cisco Seawall Sinking Fund" shall be and
the same is hereby created, as follows: The
state treasurer shall, on the first day of each
and every month after the sale of said bonds,
take from the San Francisco harbor improve
ment fund such sum as, multiplied by the
time the bonds then sold and outstanding
have to run, will equal the principal of the
bonds sold and outstanding at the time said
treasurer shall so take said sum from said
San Francisco harbor improvement fund,
less the amount theretofore taken therefrom
for said purpose; and he shall place the sum
iuthuSan Francisco seawall sinking fund
created by this act. Said state treasurer
shall, on controller's warrants duly drawn
for that purpose employ the moneys in said
sinking fund in tbe purchase of bonds of the
United States, or of the State of California,
or of the several counties or municipalities
of the State of California, which said bonds
shall be kept in a proper receptacle, appro
priately labeled; but he must keep always
on hand a sufficient amount of money in
said sinking fund with which to pay the in
terest on such of tbe state bonds herein pro
vided to be issued as may have theretofore
been sold. And to provide means for the
payment of interest on the bonds that may
be sold and outstanding, said treasurer shall
monthiy take from the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund, pay into said sea
wall sinking fund, an amount equal to the
monthly interest then due on all homls then
sold, delivered and outstanding. The board
of state harbor commissioners are hereby
authorized and directed by the collection of
dockage, tolls, rents, wharfage and cranage,
to collect a sum of money 'sufficient for the
purposes of this act, over above the amount
limited by section two thousand five hun
dred and twenty-six of the Political Code- of
the State of California. Between the first and
the tenth day of November, in the year nine
teen hundred and fourteen, and between the
first and the tenth day of November of each
year thereafter until the maturity of said
bonds, tbe said treasurer shall, in the pres
ence of tbe governor, proceed to draw by lot
such an amount of bonds as shall be requiste
to exhaust as nearly as may be the amount
In said sinking fund at that time, and' shall
thereupon and before the tenth day of Decem
ber following, give notice by public advertis
inent to be luserted twice a week for two weeks
In two newspapers published in the city and
county of San Francisco, and also in one news
paper published in the city of Oakland, and also
In one newspaper published In the city of Los
Angeles, and also in one newspaper published
in the city of Sacramento, stating the number of
bonds so drawn and that the principal of said
bonds will be paid on presentation to the treas
urer on or before the second day of January,
following, and that from and after such last
named date all interest upon bonds thus drawn
shall cease <tnd it shall be the duty of the treas
urer as soon as said bonds so drawn by lot are
surrendered to him and paid to cancel the same
and the Interest coupons thereon, and each
year beginning with the year 1914 the said treas
urer shall, in the manner aforesaid, proceed to
draw by lot such an amount of bonds as shall
be requiste to exhaust as nearly as may be the
amount in said sinking fund, and proceed in the
manner hereinabove stated. After the payment
of all of said bonds, the surplus or balance re
maining in said sinking fund, if any there be,
shall forthwith be paid into the San Francisciseo
Harbor Improvement fund. Attho time of the
respective drawings by lot as aforesaid, and also
at the maturity of said state bonds, said treas
urer shall sell the United Statos or other bonds
then in said sinking fund, at governing market
rates, after advertising the sale thereof in the
manner hereinbefore provided for the sale of
bonds hereby authorized to be Issued, and shall
use the proceeds for the payment of such bonds
as may bo drawn by lot, and at, the maturity of
said bonds outstanding shall pay and
redeem said matured outstanding bonds out of
said moneys in said fund In extinguishment of
said bonds on controller's warrants duly drawn
for that purpose.
SEC. t> 'I'll ii state controller and the state
treasurer shall keep full and particular account
and record of all their proceedings under this
act, and they shall transmit to the governor \'in
abstract of all such proceedings thereunder,
with au annual rei>ort, to be by the governor
laid before the legislature biennially; and all
books and pajiers pertaining to the matter pro
vided for in this act shall at all times be open to
the inspection of any party interested, or the
governor, or the attorney-general, or a com
mittee of either branch of the legislature, or a
joint committee of both, or any citizen of the
state. ~;
sec:. 7. It shall 1m the duly of the state treas
urer to pay the Interest of said bonds, when the
sauw (Alls duo, out qi tho sic Kiug f umi provide*)
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY. CAI/IFOiiJNIA, FRIDAY. AUGHJST 26, 1904.
for In this act, on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose.
Beo. 8. Tula act If adopted by the people,
shall take effect on the thirty first day of Decem
ber, A. D. nineteen hundred and tour, as to all
Its provisions except those relating to and neces
sary for Its submission to the people, and for re
turning, canvassing, and proclaiming the votes,
and as to said excepted provisions this act
Blmll take effect immediately.
Sec. 9. This act shall be submitted to the
people of tin; State of California for theirratiSea
tlon at the next general election, to be holden
in the month of November, A. D. nineteen hun
dred and four; and all ballots at said election
shall have printed thereon, and at the end
thereof, the words -For the San Francisco Sea
wall Act," and in a separate line under the same
words "Against the San Francisco Seawall Act."
and opixwite said lines there shall be left spaces
in which the voters may make or stamp a cross
to indicate whether they vote for or against the
said act, anil those voting for said aut shall do
so by placing a crO3s opposite the words "For
th" San Francisco Seawall Act," and all those
voting against the said act shall di> so by plac
ing a cross opposite the words* ' Against the San
Francisco seawall Act" The governor of thia
state shall include the submission of this act to
the people, as aforesaid, in his proclamation
calling tor said general election.
Sjsc. 10. The votes cast for or against this act
shall be counted, returned and canvassed and
declared in the same manner and subject to
£he same rules as votes cast tor state officers;
and if It appear that said act shall have re
ceived a majority of all the votes cast for and
against ft at such election, as aforesaid, then
the same shull have effect as hereinbefore pro
vided, and shall be irrepealable until the princi
pal and interest of the liabilities herein created
shall be paid and discharged, and the governor
shall make proclamation thereot; but if a
majority of the votes cast as aforesaid are
against this act, then- the same shall be and be
come void.
Sec. 11. This act may be known aud cited as
the "San Francisco Seawall Act."
Sec. 12.. A U acts and parts of acts in conflict
with the provisions of this act are hereby
repealed. .!■ . -. " . .
CAMPANELLI SOBER!
* --^ DEALERS IN—^
GROCERIES,
DRY GOODS.
BOOTS & SHOES.
Jv: GENTS' FURNISHINGS
Old friends are always welcome. New
ones likewise.
A Bar in connection, the appointments of which
are unsurpassed in Calaveras county. Give
usa call and we will treat you right.
PALOMA - - - CAL.
PRACTICAL HORSESHOERS
j\ MAIN STKEET, JACKSON
~<f] WEAR HATIOWAL HOTEL $t
Particular attention paid to Interfering,
Stumbling, Over-reaching. Cross-Firing. Quar-
ter Cracks, and oil Imperfections of the Foot.
Buggy and Carriage Work Prompt-
ly Done.
«9" Agents for Buggies, Carts and other
vehicles at lowest prices.
ALL WORK GUARANTEED.
CHARGES REASONABLE.
j^ TELEPHWEJIOI.
Fine Sample Commercial
■ - Rooms. Travelers House
Amador Hotel
— S. J. Peakce, Proprietor—
AMADOR CITY .... CALIFORNIA.
<• ¥• *
The most excellently appointed hostelry
in Amador County,
: ?; -HOt AND COLD BATHB-
A bar in connection supplied with the
choicest Wines, Liquors and Cigars.
f l* RATES REASONABLE.
|sjf Union Stables
**«S4* Under Webb Hall *
MAIN STREET - - JACKSON, CAL.
» M. NEWMAN, Prop.
The Stable equipped with first cmss stocb
and vehicles. Suitable rigs for Commercial
travelers with trunks.
Special Attention Paid *
■-■; *' to Transient Stock.
Large stable and yard for use of teamsters.
Telegrams answered free of cost. 2-23- tf
••••••••••••••••••••••••A*
: ; national :
2 JACKSON, CAL. •
I BEST OF AGGOMMODATIOK3 I
2 Rates $1.00 to $3.00 a Day 2
2 OFFICE FOR ALL 2
2 STAGE LINES. 2
•■Frank A. Voorheis - Prop. 2
••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
Utah Alfalfa Seed
Samples and Quotations on Application.
Catalogue of VEGETABLE and
*■ • FLOWER SEEDS— Free
WRITE FOR A COPY
TRUMBULL & BEEBE
% Seedsmen & Nurserymen
419-421 Staaomi St. San Franctsot
HALL,- LUHRS & CO.
\ Taste*
VOy sters
■ are large, fat, luscious .\
■ Chesapeakes. The 3
M very choicest— packed
fl expressly for pur trade. I
' % Your grocer -sells " Our TmU", f
Vegetable!, Fruits, .Hams, 9
jl Bacon, Oysters I
frfSjß Hall, Cuhri A Co. JB
vStaZiSbw. Wholesale Grocers jfim
tig^r&B^ c f Sacramento gpßr
PARKER'S MISTAKE.
In his speech of acceptance. Judge
Parker says of anti-trust legislation:
"What is needpd is not so much
other and different laws, as officials
having both the disposition and the
courage to enforce existing law." _' ;
Oh; no. that is not th»; need, for
the country has an official of
that kiud in Theodore Roosevelt.
Witness what that democratic news
paper, the New York World, said on
this point after the supreme "court
confirmed the decision in the north
ern securities suit:
The anti-trust law was framed by
a republican, was passed by a re
publican house and a republican
senate, was signed by a republican
president.
; The law remained a dead letter on
the statute books during the second
term of Grover Cleveland, a demo
cratic president. Through those four
.years of democratic administration
all appeals and all effoits of the World
to have the law enforced were met
with sneers, jeers and open contempt
from a democratic attorney general,
Richard Onley, who pretended that
the law was unconstitutional, and who
would do nothiug towards prosecut
ing violators of it.
The first effort to enforce the law
was made by Theodore Rooosevclt, a
republican president. The first at
torney-general to vigorously prose
cute offenders and to test the law was
a republican attorney-general, Phil
ander C. Knox.
TWO SOWERS.
The Crops Produced, Respectively, by
Grover and William.
Behold our Uncle Samuel had a big
field to sow; wheroupoo he sent forth
into the field one Grover whose surname
was Cleveland to do the sowing. And
Grover straightway sowed the field
with the seeds qi Free-Trade, with a
remarkable crop resulting.
For in due season the field was white
unto harvest with a mighty yield of
bond issues in a time of peace, idle fac
tories, tramping laborers, Coxy armios,
ragged breeches, shanghai shadow
soup and poor prices everywhere.
. Then arose Uncle Samuel in the midst
of his wrath , and spoke v unto the
sower, sayiug:.
Grover, git. Depart unto the dun
geous of political darkness. Hie thee
away to the shimmering waters of Buz
zards Bay, there to follow the gentle
craft of Sir Isaak. Go quickly, ere I
dash my No, 13 into the midst of thee
rear rotundency. And Grover went
away sorrowful, for he had hopes of
great riches— and a third term.
Then Uncle Samuel opened his mouth
again and said: "Son William, whose
surname was McKinley. sow in my field
this year. And William went straight
way and sowed in the very same field,
but he had good seed to wit: Protec
tion, sound money and such.
Again the field brought forth abund
antly, but this time it was an overflow
ing treasury, busy factories, employed
labor at increased wages, clothed, fed
and well paid people and good pay for
all produce.
Then was Uncle Samuel made much
glad, and he smiled a smile of great joy,
and said: "I will have this seed sown
in my field forever more."
And all the people were well pleased,
and shouted with a great shout saying:
Let this be true.-
Roosevelt Club.
Clayton, N. V., 1904.
The American workman has no
desire to return to the Democratic
breakfast for food which he had on
his table for some years.
The best appeal the democrats are
making to the country is based on
their promise not to disturb the re
publican legislative achievements.
The Dingley law brought pros
perity and has maintained it for
seven years. The persons who are
tired of prosperity can close it by
patronizing the Democratic ballot
box.
The democratic argument this year
should be printed in the humorous
columns. It is, in brief: "You need
noi be afraid of us, for if we elect a
president and the house, the republi
can senate will keep us from doing
any damage.
England is trying to shake off the
policy of free trade which has im
poverished her workingmen. Demo
crats, in the American paradise of
the workingman, are trying to have
us adopt the system which England,
after half a century of disastrous
trial, is now anxious to discard.
HORSESHOE LUCK.
A Superstition Common to Nearly
All Races and Nations.
The . origin of belief in "horseshoe
luck" is so ancient that it never has
been determined with certainty, and
no superstition Is more universal. Ever
since horses began to wear shoes those
crescents of Iron have been accounted
lucky emblems of all peoples, races
and nations that have been acquainted
with their use. ?'%'.
The Chinese, for instance, say they
nail 'them up over their doors as a
charm against evil spirits because of
the' close resemblance in shape between
them and the arched body of the sa
cred snake, Nagendra, one of - their
principal deities.. j . ■
 .Ask a Turkish Mohammedan for in
formation on the subject and he will
tell you that it is because they are in
■form ■ like a crescent, the sacred em
blem of Islam. ' ; •■ u_-r'
"rA^rolish Jew .will explain that at the
passover the blood sprinkled upon the
lintel and doorposts, In the manner
directed by their ritual, forms the chief
points of an arch; hence, obviously,
the value of arch shaped talismans
such as horseshoes are.
The stolid and unimaginative Rus
sian peasant, on the other hand, main
tains that the luck associated with the
horseshoe Is due chiefly to the metal,
irrespective of its shape, iron being
traditionally a charm wherewith to
nullify the malevolent designs of evil
spirits and goblins.
Very different is the story by which
the Irishman seeks to account for his
liking for the same tallsmanic symbol.
The name "Ironland" or "Ireland," he
will tell you, originated as follows:
The whole island was once submerg
ed in the sea, out of which it only rose
once in seven years, and then only for
a very short time. Many attempts had
been made to break the spell and in
duce the country to remain perma
nently above the waters, but all were
vain until one day a daring adven
turer threw a horseshoe from a boat
on to the topmost peak of the Wlcklow
mountains just as they were disap
pearing beneath the waves. Then at
last was the ban removed. The Emer
ald Isle began forthwith to rise again
from the ocean depths into which it
had sunk. And it has been dry land
more or less— ever since.
In England, up to comparatively re
cent times, horseshoes were extensive
ly used almost everywhere as anti
witch charms, and the custom Is not
even yet an extinct one. No witch, it
used to be said, could enter a building
over the door of whim a horseshoe—
or, better still, three horseshoes— had
been affixed, prongs downward.
The origin of this particular belief is
referable to the old legend of St.
Dunstan. This versatile English eccle
siastic was a skilled farrier, and one
flay while at work in his forge the evil
one entered in disguise and requested
Dunstan to shoe his "single hoof."
The saint, although he at once recog
nized his malign customer, acceded,
but caused him so much pain during
the operation that Satan begged him to
desist. This Dunstan did, but only
after he had made the evil one prom
ise that neither he nor any of the less
er evil spirits, his servants, would ever
molest the inmates of a house where a
horseshoe was displayed.
A Dntch Fishing Village.
At Marken, a fishing village of Hol
land, few men are to be seen, as they
are nearly always out at sea In their
boats. Those whom one does see are
like Dutchmen in a . play, In queer
headgear. In the most voluminous
knickerbockers that ever delighted the
heart of a caricaturist and having on
clattering wooden shoes, which are, as
a coasting skipper once said, the sur
est preventive of colds and of "cold
feet" (which he spoke of as if they
were a disease) to be found in the
world. Clumsy enough these Dutch
fisher folk look, but they are handy
in a boat. But there is agriculture, too,
of a simple kind at Marken. Not a man
usually is to be seen working in the
hay harvest or at other employment in
the fields. The women do the farm
work.
A LUCKY SHOT.
Exciting? Moment In a Buffalo Hunt
In South Africa.
A hunter in South Africa tells the
following story of an adventure with a
buffalo:- "I was in the act of descend
ing the bank when Prinsloo, a Dutch
hunter, who was lower down the slope,
saw the dark outline of the buffalo
standing at bay behind the screen of
reeds. Next Instant, seeing It about to
charge, he shouted, 'Daar kom hij !'
('There he comes!') and fired, rather at
random, I am afraid. Then, rushing
down the path by which he had ad
vanced, he threw himself headlong In
to the reeds on the left. This all hap
pened in a few moments, but I had
sufficient time to raise my rifle to my
shoulder and fire as the enraged bull
rushed straight at me through the
reeds, with nose thrown forward and
horns back. As I fired I endeavored to
jump aside to escape the charge, but
my feet got entangled in the matted
grass, and I fell on my back, luckily,
however, retaining my hold on the
stock of my rifle. My first shot seem
ed to check him for a moment, but the
next he was rushing up the slope at
me. I shall never forget the look In
his fierce eyes. It was but a moment's
work to draw back the bolt of my
Mauser' and to close It again, thus
pushing another cartridge Into the
breech. I had no time to raise the
rifle to my shoulder. There was barely
time, just before he was within strik
ing distance, to pull the trigger, with
the stock under my. armpit, while I
lay on my back on the top of the slop
ing ground. Without so much as a
groan he fell in his tracks and rolled
over into the muddy water two yards
below with a great splash, shot through
♦he brain."
••••••••••••••••••••••••••
: Mortimer :
• *=>- The Painter •
• Is prepared to do all kinds of •
• House, Sign and Carriage •
• Painting. •
• PAPER HANGING, ETC. •
• In rear of Bank - - Jackson, Cal. •
We represent THE" RED FRONT <°- Our -«-
!i HUSK UK & jackson's _*. READY IDE CLOTHES
|!i|§ CHEAPEST-DRY GOODS >STORE Ja r:Zle
HEADQUARTERS FOR GOOD CLOTHES
Ready made 'or made to order. Your dollar goes farthest here.
Trade with People that Do J> A Word to the Wise is
...the Business... V Enough
; - - People who dropped in to see us ten years ago, when we first'started business in - Jackson, are still -
with us. Watch, and you will notice the same faces every day, year in and year out, frequent our store.
Are these people fools? If they were dissatisfied with our treatment, do you think they would continue
trading with us? We are doing today the largest cash business in Jackson! Our popularity grows day
by day. Why? Because we believe in legitimate profits only. Because we believe in a strictly one price
system. We sell goods by their merits and not by the looks of people, nor by their . financial standing.
We give you value for the money. X a $12.50 suit is reduced to $9.65, that suit sells for $9.65, be he rich
or poor. When we get a stranger— a new customer— we do not "skin" him. With us it is "Once a Cus-
tomer, Always a Customer." . Therefore we say to you. those who are in need of clothes:
Trade With People that Do the Business. j> A Word to the Wise is Enough.
$12.50 Men's Suits $10.00 Men's Suits $7,50 Men's Suits
Reduced to $9.65 Reduced to $7.35 Reduced to $5.75
Equals $20 made to order suits. Cut Gray, salt and pepper figure: well As good as other stores will charge
stylishly; fancy stripes; all colors. tailored; perfect fitting. you $10.00 for. :
— -SHOES' -SHOES— SHOES — —
$2.50 Men's U. S. Men's Dress Shoes The Orthopedic $3.50
Army Shoes $1.75 $2.50 Shoes
A lucky buy was the cause of this Vici kid;- latest shapes; good fitting; Beats any other $5.00 shoe in the
big drop. equals any other $3.50 shoe. market. We carry them.
CHEER UP.
There Are Millions of People Much
Worse OB Than You Are.
Cheer up. The world is taking your
photograph. Look pleasant. Of course
you have your troubles, troubles you
cannot tell the policeman. A whole
lot of things bother you, of course.
Business worries or domestic sorrows.
It may be, or what not You find life
a rugged road whose stones hurt your
feet. Nevertheless cheer up.
It may be your real disease is sel
fishness—ingrown selfishness. Your life
is too self centered. You imagine your
tribulations are worse than others
bear. You fee! sorry for yourself— the
meanest sort of pity. It is a pathetic
illusion. Rid yourself of that and cheer
up.
What right have you to carry a pic
ture of your woebegone face and fu
nereal ways about among your fellows,
who have troubles of their own? If
you must whine or sulk or scowl, take
a car and go to the woods or to the
unfrequented lanes.
Cheer up. Your Ills are largely im
aginary. If you were really on the
brink of bankruptcy, or if there were
no thoroughfare through your sorrows,
you would clear your brows, set your
teeth and make the best of It
Cheer up. You are making a hypo
thetical case out of your troubles and
suffering from a self inflicted verdict.
You are borrowing trouble and paying
a high rate of interest.
Cheer up. Why, man alive, in a ten
minute walk you may see a score of
people worse off than you. And here
you are digging your own grave and
playing pallbearer into the bargain.
Man alive, you must do your work.
Smile, even though it be through your
tears, which speedily dry. And cheer
up.— Milwaukee Journal.
Willing', hut Hampered.
Rich Caller (who is making the
round of the tenement districts)— Well,
1 must go vow. Is there anything I
can ilo for you, uiy good woman?
The Other (of the submerged)— No,
thank you, mem. Ye mustn't mind it,
mem, if I don't return the call. 1
haven't any time to go sluinmin' me
self.—Chicago Tribune.
Prompter.
Mrs. Prunes— When do you actors at
the theater draw your pay?
Boarder— l am not an actor at the
theater, maaam. I'm prompter there.
Mrs. Prunes— Well, you'll have to be
prompter here, too, or find another
boarding house.— Kansas City Journal.
A Bnnffler.
Alice — Herbert says he is a self made
man. Kitty— How lie imisS suffer from
remorse. — Harper's I'azsir.
SUPPORT
SCOTT'S EMULSION serves urn
bridge to carry the weakened and
starved system along until it can find
firm support in ordinary food.
Send for free sample.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists,
1409-415 Pearl Street, New York.
50c and $ 1.00 ; all druggists..
UNION HOUSE
-Jackson,
:; •»"; Amador Co.
Meals to Order at all Hours
REGULAR MEALS 25 CTS
Board and Lodging by the Day,
Week or Month.
Frank Simcich - - m - • Prop
THE OSSETINIANS.
A Race of the Caucasus Mountain*
With a Georgian Dialect.
In the highest parts of the Caucasus
mountains, around the Kasbeek region,
there is a tribe, very tall and hand
some, which speaks its own peculiar
dialect of the Georgian language and
has its own peculiar customs, differing
in many ways from those of -the
Tscherkesses, Armenians, Circassians
and other tribes that dwell in the same
country. It is the tribe of the Ossetin
lans.
Like the rest of the Caucasus tribes,"
they have recognized Russia's authori
ty. But they adhere to the claim that
they are not descended- from Asiatic
races, like the other tribes, but that
their ancestors were German knights
who had gone to the crusades and who,
after the disastrous end of | the last
crusade, had been driven into the wild
valleys of the Caucasus, whence it was
Impossible for them to win their way
out and homeward. owing to the vig
ilance of the Moslem foe. Bo at last
they settled down and took wives
among the Caucasus mountain women,
who have always been noted for their
beauty. f-j 7 > * ■
It is a strange fact that the Osse
tinians understand the science of brew
ing malt liquors, and they are the only
ones who drink beer, the other tribes
preferring Asiatic liquors.
THE WORD LIVERY.
It Originally Meant Something De
livered or Freely Given.
Our word livery Is derived, through
the French, from the Latin liberare, to
deliver. Hence a livery originally
meant something delivered or freely
given, and came to be applied to an
allowance of food or clothes.
- From Norman times an English no
bleman allotted a fixed "lirery" of
bread, wine and candles to his servants
for their private use. A remnant of
this system still survives at Oxford
and Cambridge, where the fellows of a
college are entitled to a daily allow
ance of food called "commons."
An allowance of provender for a
horse was also called a livery, and a
horse fed and groomed for Its owner
at a fixed charge was said to be "at
livery."
In the middle ages "livery" was worn
by any one who was In any sense In
the service of another of superior rank
or stntlon. "V
The trading companies of the city of
London used to provide a special attire
for their freemen, who became known
as liverymen, a title which they still
retain.
CIRCULATING LIBRARIES,
They Were Started by the Stationer*
of the Middle Ares.
The earliest form of circulating li
brary was the lending out of books for
hire by stationers of the middle ages,
but this was of very limited extent.
In the reign of Henry IX, Richard of
Bury, bishop of Durham, left his valu
able library for the use of Oxford stu
dents. Two provisions are very prac
tical, one being that no book was to gu
Into circulation unless there was a
duplicate; the other, that the borrower
had to deposit security exceeding the
value of the book.
! Dunfermllne, Scotland, established
the first proper library of this descrip
tion In 1711, Edinburgh following In
1725 with one founded by Allen Ram
say. Tbe first public one in England
was established in Salisbury by a
clergyman, Fancourt, In 1740. This
failed to survive, but others In Bath,
and at London In the Strand, succeed
ed In becoming popular. Many London
scientific societies established circulat
ing libraries In the eighteenth century,
and In the nineteenth they became far
more widely spread.— London Globe.
Qaeer.
Isn't it singular how much heroism is
displayed by men In the discharge of
a dangerous duty and bow much cow
ardice by those who run Into danger in
the pursuit of pleasure?— Philadelphia
Ten Cents Per Copy.
Old Maids.
The true "old maid," like the true
poet, ' is born, not made, old maidish
ness being a question of innate char
acter rather than of incidental condi
tion. There are old maids of every
state and age and sex, says Ellen
Thorneycrof t Fowler, creatures who
revel in fuss, and batten upon detail,
and abide In the narrowest of narrow
ruts. Do we not all know married
women with large families who are,
nevertheless, old maids to the back
bone, Just as we know adorable elderly
spinsters who have the minds of girls
and the hearts of mothers? And do we
not also know numßers of the (so called)
stronger sex whose absorption in trifles
and avidity for gossip proclaim them
old maids of the purest water?
CHURCH ALES.
An Old English Custom Th»t Vu
• Suppressed In 1603.
From almost the earliest times In
England "church ales" were often giv
en in a. building adjoining any church,
where were a hearth of good compass
and a stout oaken tabte upon which
the "ale" and viands were set forth.
The founder of the feast gave his best
brew and was content to receive mon
ey in exchange, the spirit animating
these quasi religious symposia being
akin to that which obtains at the mod
ern charity bazaar— that Is to say, all
who attended were prepared to pay lib
erally or even dearly for their fare.
Thus the man who had lost his mon
ey and was "down on his luck" would
give a "bid (begging) ale" that, if he
was popular, might suffice to set him
on his feet again. The more romantic
"bride ale" assisted penurious young
couples into housekeeping, while a pro
saic "Whltsun ale" was furnished by
churchwardens, who used to raise
money for the poor, for church repairs
or other pressing cause, the malt pre
viously presented to them and stored
In the tithe barns.
Dancing was indulged in at snch
"church ales," and if the season were
propitious an adjournment might be
made to an adjacent meadow, where
archery, quintain and other diversions
would ensue. But excesses became
more and more frequent, so that In
1603 "church ales" were summarily
suppressed. •'•;*;
THE GUARDIAN OF OUR BODY.
The foremost biologist of our day,
M. Metsdinikoff, has shown the wctld
of science that there are leucocytes in our
blood that act as scavengers or policemen.
These policemen which are called phago-
cytes look out for the noxious or poisonous
elements in our blood. Various offending
elements are picked out of the blood and
tissues by these policemen and destroyed.
Therefore our lives are protected by
these blood-cell-policemen, the phagocytes,
and we enjoy immunity from disease so'
long as our blood contains plenty of phago-
cytes and red blood corpuscles.
"A new broom sweeps clean"— and in
order to put our own house in order *we
must get rid of all the poisons in the blood
with a new broom such as an alterative
extract made from roots andjierbs — with-
out the use of alcohol, as Dr. Tierce's
Golden Medical Discovery, a specific for-
making rich red blood— for eradicating the
poisons from the blood. In some way the
policemen in the blood are increased in
number and strength — so that we are put
in the best possible shape to resist disease
— to cure neuralgia, colds, catarrh, and in-
cipient consumption. - - •
"The more study and time is given to the
subject the more we find that the blood is
the center of life "—says Dr. K. V. Pierce,
the noted specialist of Buffalo, "the health
and comfort of the average person depends
entirely on this blood supply — for the heart
must have pure blood or it will not pump
and keep the body supplied regularly like
the beautiful automatic engine it i-. The
nerves must be fed on pure blood — or we
suffer the pain of neuralgia, which is the
cry of the starved nerves for food. Heart-
aches, cold in the head, catarrh — and mar.y
other things are due to stagnation of th<»
blood."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets are a mild
laxative. No other medicine equals Wag
for gentleness and thoroughness.THE AMADOR LEDGER
Published Fridays by
Amador County Publishing Co.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One year (In advance t- 50
One year (if not in advance) 3 00
Six mouths 1 25
Threemonths 75
O'Je or more copies, each 10
ragal advertising— per sqr.-lst insertion. $| 00
Subsequent Insertions— per square-each. . 50
BN"EBKD AT THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS
SECOND-CLASS MATTER.
TIITC PA PCD is kept on file at E. C.
lniO rArEIV DAKE'S Advertising
Agency, 124 Sanscme St . San Francisco, Cali
fornia, where contracts for advertising can be
made for it.
R. WEBB - - - - Editor and Manager
FRIDAY AUGUST 26, 1904
THE REPUBLICAN SUPERVISOR
TICKET.
The republican convention that
assembled in Jackson last Saturday,
in the selection of candidates for
supervisors. in the* 1 various districts,
did its full duty to tlu 1 taxpayers.
In township two tbv nominee was
virtually selected at the primaries.
W. M. ,Amick, : .tbe present .incum
bent, received the indorsement of a
majority of his party, and that set
tled the controversy in his favor.
No man, however conscientiously he
may endeavor to do his full duty as
a public servant, can hope to please
everybody. When an official acts
sincerely and openly, with a single
eye to the carrying out of his trust,
be will still find his pathway is not
free from thorns and obstacles
strewn by dissenters. This is in
separable from public service, and
must be classed among the un
pleasant features of office-holding.
By the" verdict of his party con
stituents Mr. Amick has been as
sured of their confidence and sup
port, and we believe the republicans
of the valley will accord him their
undivided support, and thereby en
sure his triumphant election.
In township one the party has put
forward a strong man in the person
ofS. W. Pright. Mr. Bright has
been a resident and business man of
this town since pioneer days. He
is a man of strong convictions, of
scrupulous regard for his word and
obligations, and of sound business
judgment. He possesses in an emi
nent degree all the qualities that are
necessary to the discharge of the
duties of supervisor. It was for
this reason that he was sought out
and prevailed upon to accept the
nomination. He. has always been a
stalwart republicau, but never a
seeker after office. This is the first
time in his career that he is a candi
date for office. It is a clean-cut case
of the office seeking the man, and
not tbe man chasing the office. Now
that he has received the nomination
he wants to win, and will exert him
self to that end. The voters of this
district, without regard to party
politics, will recognize in Mr. Bright
a man in every way worthy of sup
port; one who cannot be swayed
from following his convictions by
any appeals of a personal or partisan
nature. We confidently believe that
the people of the district will elect
him: We have nought to-say against
his opponent, M. .Newman, who has
been in office four years, He is a
pleasant and agreeable gentleman,
whom we hold in bigb regard. His
record as au official is before the
people, and every voter must judge
for himself according to his indi
vidual views. The Ledger, as a be
liever in republican principles and
policies, and an advocate of republi
can candidates, asks the republicans
to stand by their nominee, because
be is in every sense worthy of their
In township four Morris Brinn is
the republican candidate. This is
the best selection that could have
been made. He filled the office the
preceding term, and his record —
especially in the work performed 1
upon the roads of his district — was
so satisfactory, that without opposi
tion tbe nomination was tendered to
him for the coining term. It is uni
versally admitted that he made a
better showing for the money ex
pended upon tbe roads than any
supervisor the district has had
under the present system of road
supervision. In all other respect
Mr. Brinn is a safe, reliable, and
conscientious man, and will conduct
the office on a business-like basis.
That be will be elected is admitted
by those best qualified to judge.
THE SALARY GRAB.
The= Calaveras Prospect of last
week published au article concern
ing the position taken by the Ledger
in relation to the salary grab bill
introduced in the last legislature by
C. H. McKenney for the special
.benefit of justices and constables
then in office. Our cotemporary is
generally conservative aud logical
in dealing with local questions, but
has made a very indifferent showing
in defending this particular bill.
We are aware that a bill of a similar
nature was passed for the benefit of
township officers in Calaveras coun
ty. The Prospect asserts that in
that county the people are well sat
isfied with the new law, and pro
fesses to be surprised why such a
furore should be made in Amador
county because of its provisions.
The figures of the Ledger as to the
increased cost to the taxpayers by
the passage of this bill are indirect
ly questioned, but our cotemporary
makes bo effort to show by facts and
figures that we have misrepresented
the situation. We do not profess to
know the feeling in Calaveras coun
ty on this matter. The justices' and
constables' salary grab has not
awakened the people there to the
same extent as in Amador, probably
for no other reason than that its
provisions have not been discussed
by the press. There has been little
or no attempt to enlighten the citi
zens of that county on the subject.
We- have nothing to tone down in
our strictures upon that infamous
bill. The extent to which the tax
payers have been' cinched by its
provisions will soon be a matter of
history, and beyond dispute. The
Ledger is not of that stripe of
journalism that would veer one jot
from what it believes to be right,
because a -republican office-holder
and office-seeker is involved in the
controversy. We have no hesitation
in asserting now that the justices'
and constables' salary bill introduced
by C. .H. McKenney is the most
vicious piece of legislation that has
come under our notice of all the acts
affecting Amador couuty in the past
30 years. Between the legislature
and the judiciary, our" taxpayers
have been "buncoed"' out of thous
ands of dollars.
It is nothing less than a hold-up
under color of law. The mere' mon
etary consideration, however, sink's
into insignificance "in comparison
with the moral aspect of the case.
The gravity lies in the fact that
officers sworn to uphold the consti
tution and the laws, have, with a full
consciousness of the import of their
doings, deliberately and knowingly
endeavored to beat a constitutional
provision. The reserved rights of
the people, as set forth in the fun
damental law of our state, have
been ruthlessly, knowingly set aside,
with hands uplifted at the self-same
time in swearing allegiance to that
instrument. The deep humiliation
of this moral tragedy must rankle
in the mind of every believer in the
majesty cf law. Success along these
lines serves only to intensify the
dark features of tbe plot; and cou
gratulations on the outcome sound
like gloryings in public shame.
Chairman Tajjgart, of the demo
cratic national committee, has stag
gered Parker by frankly informing
him that he has been doing a little
figuring on the presidential outlook,
an<J that doing his utmost for the
democratic nominee he cannot figure
out any prospect of his election.
This remarkable instance of anti
election candor is haviug a very de
pressing effect on the democrats.
The' head of the party tells them
they cannot win.
$100 Eeward, $100."
The readers 'of this paper will be
pleased to learn that there is at least
one dreaded disease that science has
been able to cure in all its stages and
that is Catarrah. Hall's Catarrab Cure
is the only positive cure now known to
the medical fraternity.- Catarrah be
ing a constitutional disease, requires a
constitutional treatment. Hall's Catar
rah Cure is taken internally, acting
directly upon the blood and mucous
surface of the system, thereby destroy
ing the foundation of the disease, and
and giving the patient strength by
building up the constitutional and as
sisting nature in doing its work. The
proprietors have so much faith in its
curative powers, that they offer one
Hundred Dollars for any case it fails to
cure. Send for list of testimonials.
Address. F. J. Cheney & Co.,
Toledo, O.
Sold by druggists, 75c.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
Hotel For Sale.
The Adams House, Plymouth, Ama
dor county. A large and commodious
building with 20 bedrooms, parlor,
waiting room, kitchen, dining room,
sample room, and the nicest barroom
in Amador county. Hotel and bar now
doing a good business. Largo lot.
Property must be seen to be appreci
ated. Owners desire to retire from
business the only reason for tvanting to
sell. For particulars call on or address
Mrs. Ella Adams, Plymouth. Cal. 7-tf
Woman's Application for a Divorce is De
nied by the Court.
When the village of Sutter Creek,
Amador county, was startled three
years ago by the announcement that
Dan A. Trudgen had taken* a wife,
there was much whispering over tea
cups as to the possible outcome of the
wedding. For three or four days be
fore the wedding .Trudgen had been
held a prisoner in the local jail, but
upon his solemn promise to marry Dora
Chase the constable unlocked the doors.
The wedding was performed the same
afternoon in the. presence, .of -the con
stable, but with the understanding
that Trudgen should at no time be re
quired to support his bride. To make
the agreement binding formal papers
were drawn up to that effect, and after
the formalities were over Trudgen
took tha train for this city, where he
has since resided.
Mrs. Trudgen remained satisfied
until three months ago, when she
learned that her husband had accumu
lated some money. She at once brought
suit for divorce, with the aim of se
curing alimony for the support of her
seld and child.
Without commenting on the peculiar
phases of the case, Superior Judge
Murasky handed down a decision yes
terday-in which he holds that Mrs.
Trudgen is not entitled to her free
dom.—Examiner.
You Know What You Are Taking
When you take Grove's Tasteless
Chill Tonic because the formula is
plainly printed on every bottle showing
that it is simply Iron and Quinine in a
tasteiess form. No Cure, No Pay. 50c
J. J. Wadhams, who has been drug
gist at Kerr's pharmacy for several
months, resigned bis position last
Wednesday.
nil f\t In Cattle can be prevented.
ill A I H CHER'S BLACK LEG VACCINE,
111 111 II Califoroia'sfavorite, the mostsue-
1/1 Ml II cessful, easiest used aud lowest
■* ■■■^■i priced reliable vaccine made.
m. ——^ Powder.stringorpiil form. Write
H W^t^ for free Black Ifig Booklet.
.Hi la THE CUTTER LABORATORY
Btr IV san Francisco
JL I. B I If your druggist does riot stock our
Tff vaccines, order direct from us. -
THE A.MABOR LEDGER: JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, AUGUST 26, 1904.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Early Risers
THE FAMOUS LITTLE PILLS. *1
For quick relief from Biliousness, 1
Sick Headache, Torpid Liver, Jaun- I
dice. Dizziness, and all troubles aris- I
ing from an inactive or sluggish liver, I
DeWitt's Little Early Risers are un- I
equalled.
They act promptly and never gripe.
They are so dainty that it is a pleasure
to take them. One to two act as a
mild laxative; two or four act as a
pleasant and effective cathartic. They
are purely vegetable and absolutely
harmless. They tonic the liver.
PREPARED ONLY BY
I E. C. DeWitt & Co., Chicago
Kerr's Pharmacy, Jackson.
Incorrect Report.
Morris Brinn, republican candidate
for supervisor in district four, was in
Jackson Wednesday. He was called
to the county seat to hunt down a
slanderous report that has been cir
culated for tbe purpose of injuring him
before the: voters, to the- effect that
when he went out of office in 1901 he
had overdrawn, or rather done work
on the roads which, if paid for at the
time would have overdrawn the funds
of that district to the tune of $3000.
An examination of the matter from the
official records — the treasurer's books —
shows the following facts:
In January, 1897. when Mr.
Brinn assumed office, there '
was a deficit in the fund of $196 43
Jan. 1901, when Mr. Brinn went
out of office, thoro was a deficit
0f... $450 53
Showing the fund was moreover
drawn when he surrendered
office than when be assumed
office, to the extent of $254 10
This showing takes into consider
ation the bills outstanding for work
done at the close of S. Pratt 's term in
1897, and tbe amount due for work
done at the close of Mr. Briun's term.
It takes no cognizance of the sums ap
portioned from the general road fund
at the commencement of each term.
After making all allowances the con
clusion is that Mr. Brinn left the road
fund $254.10 poorer than when he as
sumed charge. And tbia is explained
that 1901 was a severe winter. Work
had to be done even if the funds of the
coming term were drawn upon to that
end. All supervisors have to pursue
this course according to circumstances.
It gives us pleasure to nail the first
campaign lie that has bobbed up so far.
DeWitt is the Name.
When you go to buy Witch Hazel
Salve look for the name DeWITT on
every box. The pure, unadulterated
Witch Hazel is used in making De-
Witt's Witch Hazel Salve, which is the
best salve in the world I'or cuts, burns,
bruises, boils, eczema and piles. The
popularity of DeWitt's Witch Hazel
Salve, duo to its many cures, has caus
ed numerous worthless counterfeits to
be placed upon the market. The gen
uine bears the name E. C. DeWitt &
Co., Chicago. Sold by City Pharmacy.
Announcement.
I wish to announce to my many
patrons that my dental parlors will be
closed from Aug. 7th to 28th inclusive,
it being the time selected for my usual
summer vacation.
J. F. Wilson, D. D. S.
The Singer runs, the Singer sews,
by simply pressing with tho toes. By
day I work, at night I sleep, because
tbe Singer is so cheap. Wondorly, Agt.
No Hunting Allowed.
I • j :
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
hunting and shooting on the ranch of the
undersigned, near Lancha Plana, is strictly
prohibited. All persons found trespassing or
hunting will be dealt with according to law.
Keep off the premises and save trouble.
J. MOORE,
August 17, 1901. Lancba Plana, Cal.
TO MEN^-^-
If you are suffering, and will send us a des-
cription of your caso stating age. occupation,
and the cause (if known) of your trouble we
will mail to you, absolutely FREE. In plain
package, one week's treatment of our MAN-
HOOD CONES-especlally prepared. This is a
straightforward ofle'r; no C. O. D. or other
deceptive proposition. Life's energy is in the
CONE. THE SATISFACTION COMPANY,
305 Kearny St., San Francisco. augl9-tf
Notice of Assessment.
CONSOLIDATED WIDE-AWAKE MINING AND
MILLING COMPANY.
Location of principal place of business, Jack-
son, Amador county, California.
Location of works, Railroad Flat Mining Dis-
trict, Calaveras county, California.
"VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
_I_^| a regular meeting of the Board of Direct-
ors, held on the sth day of August, A. D. 19W, an
assessment of one cent (1c) per share was lev-
ied upon the subscribed capital stock of the
corporation, payable immediately in United
States coin, to the secretary of the said Com-
pany, at his offlce in the Marelia Building on
Summit street, in Jackson, Amador county.
California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid ou .the. 12th day of September,
1904, will be declared delinquent, and adver-
tised for sale at public auction, and unless pay-
ment is made before, will be sold on Monday,
the 3rd day of October, 1901, to pay the delin-
quent assessment, together with the cost of
advertising and expenses of sale.
By order of the Board of Directors.
JAS. JAY WRIGHT. Secretary.
Offlce in the Marelia Building, on Summit
street, Jackson. Amador county, California.
Board of Education Meeting.
To Whom it May Concehn:—
There will be a regular meetine of the
Board of Education of Amador county, Satur-
day, August 27th, 1904, in the offlce of the Sup-
erintendent of Common Schools at Jackson.
The regular annual teachers examination
will commence upon Monday, August 29, 1901.
All meetings will open at 9 o'clock a. m.
jly'Jß . SUPT. GEO. A. GORDON.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
: Poison Oak j
• Cured 5
• Or your money back if it fails to cure a
• any case of POISON OAK or POISON •
« IVY within 5 days; return tho bottle J
• to the druggist and he will refund your 0
• money. No grease or Salve to soil the •
9 clothes but a pleasant palatable rem- J
• edy that will effectually drive the disc
• eaße out of the system. Take no other •
9 until you have tried J
• Dr. Mason's Poison Oak Cure •
• For Sale by all Druggists. jel7 •
ttt«tt«t«*t«9t««*«t»tet*99
DEMOCRATIC
CONVENTION
Democrats Meet and Nominate Can
didates for Supervisors.
Democrats from all part* of the
county gathered in Jackson Satin-day,
and about 11 o'clock a. in. woro l«*d by
the Jackson band into Love's hall,
where they held the.. regular biennial
convention, tho object of which was to
select delegates to the state and clis-i
trict conventions, and nominate candi
dates for supervisor in townships 1, 2,
and 4.
A. Caminetti, as chairman of the
county central committee, called the
meeting to order, and asked the con
vention to name a temporary chair
man. U S Gregory ivas unanimously
elected as such, and Judge Rust "and
R. C. Bole were requested to conduct
him to his post, which duty they per
formed with much dignity, and to the
satisfaction of the delegates. Mr.
Gregory thanked the convention .for
the honor conferred upon him, and
spoke for twenty >. minutes, urging all
democrats to be true to the faith and
support the nominees- of- the .party.
The chairman felt prtmd of hi 9 county,
saw much in its management to com
mend, but thought it unwise and unfair
to those in power to too severely con
demn every fancied mistake. The
chairman's remarks met with the ap
proval of the convention, as was
evinced by the liberal applause given
him.. V
Wm. Ouids of township five was se
lected as secretary, and the following
committees wereappointed, after which
the convention adjourned until 1:30
p. m :
Credentials— E. E. Endicott, E. W.
Perkins, Ja9. Lessley, J, M. LathleaD,
A. P. Orr. O; :
Order of business— R. C. Bole, J. C.
Jones, Ed Santirfo, W. L. Rose, Geo.
Arnerich.
Platform— R. C. Rust, Wm. Mar
sino, Wm. Prouty, J. Morton, Frank
Soracco.
The afternoon session began with
music by the band. The various com
mittees reported, the temporary officers
were made the' permanent officers, the
platform was adopted, which by the
way was very short, simply re-affirm
ing the St. Louis platform, pledging
support to Parker and Davi9, and con
demning the management of the coun
ty hospital, pledging a more economical
administration of the affairs of that in
stitution in case the democratic super
visors were elected .
A. Caminetti, R. C. Rust, R. C.
Bole, and D. B. Spagnoli in turn ad
dressed the convention.
A. Caminetti assailed our canal pol
icy. Was fearful lest the government .of
France would be loser thereby. Re
gretted that Napoleon had passed
away. Wa9 afraid Roosevelt had set
a bad precedent in the Venezuelean '
affair. Eulogized Parker 'atjd Cleve
land. Informed the convention that
Franklin K. Lane had been elected
governor of California by 3000 majority
and robbed of the position through the
action of incompetent supervisors
throughout the state, and closed by
saying that as the canal had * been
started it should be completed. This
latter statement brought forth ap
plause; the other generalities, falling
flat upon the ears of the listeners.
Judge Rust spoke on imperialism,
anti-Chinose legislation, and the fitness
of a judicial mind for the presidency.
. R. C. Bole grew eloquent over des
potism in our island possessions, con
demned our European game warden,
and sat down amid the silence of the
convention that had failed to catch the
inspiration.
D. B. Spagnoli longed for the return
of the good old times of 3 or 10 years
ago. Rejoiced in the fact that he* had
always been a democrat, and pledged
himself to remain true to tho last.
The following delegates to the state
and district convention were then an
nounced by the various township dele
gates, and indorsed by the convention:
Township I— D. B. Spagnoli and A.
Caminetti.
Township 2 — John Scully.
Township 3— Jas. Lessley.
Township 4— C. L. Culbert.
Township 5 — L. Burke.
The different townships nominated
candidates for supervisors as follows:
Township One — M. Newman.
Township Two— J. T. Clifton. -
Township Four — D. A. Frasier.
The chairman then announced that
before coming into tho convention hall
be had felt very doubtful about Par
ker's election, but after listening to
the 6oul inspiring eloquence of the
various speakers he had cast all doubt
aside, and felt that after the Blh of
November the Japanese would have' no
trouble in securing the services of
"Teddy" to lead their armies on to
victory.
After naming one committeeman
from each voting precinct the conven
tion arose, and with bowed heads lis
tened to the familiar strains to them
of that popular tune, "Sailing down
salt river." • ■''■ ti -
The convention was then deolared
adjourned, and the central committee
met and organized by selecting T. M.
Ryan chairman, and Geo. Lucot sec
rotary.
COMMITTEE BY PRECINCTS.'
Township I— Center Jackson, Geo.
Lucot; West Jackson, T. M. Ryan;
North Jackson, Jas. Meehan; South
Jackson, P. Luke; East Jackson, J.
Cademartori; Clinton, H. W. Ford.
Township 2— Lancba Plana, W.Crail;
North lone, E. VV. Perkins; South
lone, R. H. Bagley; Buena Vista. F.
Fitzsimmons.
Township 3— Volcano, E. J. Santirfo"
Oleta, Jos. Pigeon.
Township 4— West Sutter, W. L.
Rose; East Sutter, John Lithgow
South Sutter, C. E. Jarvis; North
Amador, H. F. Coster; South Ama
dor, Geo. Arnerich.
Township s— Forest Home, W. D.
Oulds.
A Perfect Painless PiU
is one that will cleanse the system,
set the liver to action, remove the bile,
clear the complexion, cure headache
and leave a good taste in the mouth.
The famous little pill for doing such
work pleasantly and effectually are De-
Witt's Little Early Risers. Bob
Moore, of Lafayette, Ind., says: "All
other pills I have used gripe and sick
en, whilo DeWitt's Little Early Ris
ers are simply perfect." Sold by City
Pharmacy.
Costa never nails on a shoe until it
Flour 91.25 per sack, best coal oil
$1.40 per p gallon can, and other things
in proportion at Potter's.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ayers
This falling of your hair!
Stop it, or you will soon be
bald. Give your hair some
Ayer's Hair Vigor. The fall-
ing will stop, the hair will
Hair Vigor
grow, and the scalp will be
clean and healthy. Why be
satisfied with poor hair when
you can make it rich? -;[V
"Mr hair nearly all came out. I th«n tried
Ayer's Hair vigor and only one bottle stopped
tbe fallivir. Ni-w balr came in real thick and
last a little t.uily." — Mrs. L. M. Smith,
Saratoga, N. Y.
ji.oo a bottle. ' '■ '.' ; ■''■ jjo*. o* ater co..
mjtojk for -_k^!iL_^ilL
Thick Hair
Hospital Patients
On looking over the hospital' 'record
I find 52 inmates at present, of differ
ent nationalities as follows: From Ire
land 6, Italy 5, Austria 3, Chili 2, Ger
many 2, England 1, Scotland 1, Azores
Island 1, Portugal 1, Venzuela 1, Den
mark 1, Canada 1, and 27 natives of the
United States. Their ages range as
follows: 45 inmates over 60 year 9of
age, 28 over 70, 4 over 80, and 1 over 90.
Tbe youngros' :i' present is 41 years old.
Jas. E. Dye and wife presented the
hospital with two boxes full of maga
zines and other reading matter, which
were gratefully received by the patients.
Any person who has reading matter of
any kind they have read and laid aside
and wish to present to the inmates, I
will, on notification, gladly call at the
residence of any person for the same.
F. B. LeMoin, Supt.
The State Fair.
The coming State Fair, which will
begin August 22nd and continue for
two weeks, promises to be a greater
success than for a number of years
past and the Horse Show at the Pavil
ion, which begins with the Fair, will
undoubtedly prove a drawing card, as
it is the first one held at the Fair.
There promises to be a strong compe
tition, between the horse fanciers of
San Francisco and other parts of the
State. There will also be perform
ances given at times in the ring which
will enliven and add to the attractions
of the show. There will be some
sixty classes to be judged.
At the park the harness races have
been well filled and the prospect is
that a number of records will be
broken. There will be more than a
hundred runners at the track, so that
the racing program promises well.
The county exhibits and the mining
exhibits are expected to be very large
and fine, and the big Pavilion, which
covers a block, will have very little
spare room. The visitor to California
who attends the State Fair vJHI ' be
satisfied that the astonishing stories
he has heard of California"s.product
iveness have not been exaggerated and
that the half has not been told.
To Cure A Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tab
lets. All druggists refund the money
if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's sig
nature is on each box. 25c.
Olives, salami, swiss, limburger
Martin's cream and California cheese
at Nettles' Mkt.
■ In order to JnjfpiJie* «> f ualltv
H CroccrUs w« win |«b« iS far obi
Bf»m»T ony ordtf o! onj ifjcj.l
■ Combination Ma. } a lor it.im.
■ Wo pty tho ozptotl of freight.
■ dOlbi. boit dramnUtf* Can*
■ UIU, fiew Itnor koal TaNo
■ flloo, vcrrbtit 1.00
■lOlb.M)t>{ro te»« ilri;*»x
■ or gw11*..........^. .„ j...... tio >
M 6 lkf. Mooho %ii Jtva Oaff«o,
B . rout or itmi nen» MUor. 160
■ KaitoFn "Oi*Kl». .l.ay
a . . ■ imo
B KT.rjtklSf OnUHM^-Veatr BMk. IrW
H Hafli of v; ttm mtflW frtt.
B SMITHS' CASH STORE, tec.
B 25 Msrkot Streot. LAN PRArfOIgOO
M Pitu* mtDti.e thU p»f f r vfcaa wlwlag
—ESTABLISHED 1864—
Monuments.....
.....and Copings
Of any size and style, furnished
promptly and at ' '
REDUCED RATES
The Polishing: Plant js now operated
by Electricity.
Call on or address DAVID GRIFFITH
Penryn Granite Works, Penryn, Cal.
jel7
||A. J. SHOW » SUTTER CREEKIi
?3 %* (I'll Are- the best, and why? Because  V^N'A *# 5
2/• I \ they are direct from the FACTORIES, |ll^^jw^^4|^ .V^
|j| . }l 5f 1 ar >d every pair is made of first quality §
3 ■w arrr^^^. 5^ 00^- c save our customers the "* Wlß *i»32*ifes S jj!^J
/^~lf^^^ yass—y^ wholesale profits and give it to the consumer. Therefore, we S
Jj ""^S^SS: do the shoe business of the county. Our goods are always fresh
3 an( ' new. We have no old, shelf-worn stock. We guarantee all our goods.
2 J SHOW'S CASH STORE, SUTTER CREEK] 1
LIVE BUSINESS HOUSES.
A. clCcir nead. is sought by
every leader of business or social
affairs, and a
sweet breath adds to the
satisfaction of intimate acquaint-
ance; to own a
fine complexion none
. ,vV will despise ; yet only a clean
stomach secures clear head, sweet
: breath and fine complexion
for every day; and >
dean stomach is secured by using
" SWEET sagrados " — nature's
laxative tablets— pleasant to take, ' -
perfect in action; every dose
leads to a cure. Put up only in
' . one style and one package. 24
doses 25 cents. .
BWBBT SAGRADOS COMPANY
K«W YORK— SAH FRANCISCO
jB^T" Sweet Sagrados— Sold by .
City Pharmacy - Robt. I. Kerr, Prop'r.
I ulnUv/v/niU dKU S. 1
I ,^l General Merchandise |
H ®<§ Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, |I
H Si I? Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining if
;j|§ sf\ Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, g§
if Grain, etc., etc. • II
M Corner Main and Water St. §|
M JACKSON -;- -- >■ CALIFORNIA Jf
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••a
•<* McCALL j* T w f* t • v i 8
;-*"■* :L J. Glavmovich i
! LEADING GROCERY STORE j
5 ; . Furnishing Goods, Boots, 4fc •
5 a Shoes, Toilet Articles, •
• c 4fe Hardware, Miners' Sup- •
8 r ,- 8
• :\ plies, Hay, Grain, Etc. •
• n : : ;.-.::,.; : c 8
8 Cor. Main & Court Streets , }
8 McCALL 8
8 JACKSON, .I^-- CAL. \Ba2aarPatterns\\ Ba2aarPattern5 \
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••a
• ( Successor to A. H. Reicnlmg)
i Bought by Pacific Refinery & Assay Office R f turDS
* -■ ' - ■' ■> "- in£iQG sum©
! 407-409 MONTGOMEBY STREET
! Specific < Phone Bush 237 ) day as re-
1 ' Rear California, San Francisco. . , ,
; , ceipt of
'(Itrnvirv Toot Bullion, Gold Dust, Quartz, Specimens, . '- \
! gravity i est pi at i num , an d ail kinds ofGoid consignment
1 : and Silver bought.
! aprJO-ly •
| It Costs Money to Make Steam g
111 •• SAVE MONEY BY USING— r- '
H McDearmon & Cos. Asbestos Goods, p
£5* Such as Boiler cf- Pipe Coverinys, Magnesia Coverings, Fire-Proof- iO
spa ing Materials, Cold Storage Insulation, Brine «{• Ammonia ,Coy- jj§|
jgn v rings, Packings <fr Gaskets, Keystone Building A- Deadening Felts.
ell ■* : ' ■ fEti
JZ$ ' ..: CATALOGUE, ESTIMATES & SAMPLES ON APPLICATION. ggj
f| Garbarini Bros., Agents - - Jackson, Cal. p
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
[The following instruments have been filed
for record In the recorder's offlce since our last
report. We publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to accede to
any request to snpprn-is any document from
these columns. Do-j - r. ash us to do so.]
DEEDS.
Catherine M. Garbarini and Sar»h
M. Wishard to Thomas Maher— l6o
acres. 19-6-11, $10.
A. G. Miller to Klamath Consolidated
Hydraulic G. M. Co.— Bo acres, 18-7-9,
$10. ■•. :.-, j...-;
Rosalia Raab to Michael Isaacs— Lot
in lone, $10.
Mary J. Ledoux et al to W. H. Less
ley—Lot 1 block 20, Suttei- Creek, $10.
Mary Ives Crocker to Jos. G. and
Frank W. Foster— W} sec 25-5-9, 320
acres, $10.
Mary Ives Crocker to Sophie M. and
Martha A. Foster— SEJ sec 25-5-9, - 160
acres, flO.
Thomas Maher and Catherine M.
Garbarini to Sarah M. Wishard—Two
thirds of lot 7 block 9, Jackson, etc.,
Fred Werner to Geo. M. W.aechter—
Lot 1 block 2, Amador City, $10.
CD. Smith to George Arnerich—
Part of lot 6 block 1, Amador City,
$575.
Richard Webb and wife to Alexander
Eudey— National hotel and lot, Jack-
SOD, wH-H/U.
AGREEMENT.
W. H. Lessley with J. B. Ledoux
and T. J. Gillick— Aereement to pur
chase Martell blacksmith shop, Sutter
Creek, and tools, etc., $2000, to be paid
in three years. • ....
MORTGAGES.
Mario Dot ta to Bank of Amador Co.
—400 acres, 29 and 30-6-12, 8750, 10 per
cent; also chattel mortgage of cattle,
etc. •
Bertha R. Swain to Wickersham
Banking Co.— Lot in lone, $900, 9 per
cent. '
Mrs. B. F. Richtmyer .to Bank of
Amador County, Jackson water works,
etc., $3500, 7 percent. - :
DEED OF TRUST.
Geo. M. Waechter to Fred Werner—
Lot 1 block 2, Amador City, $2000.
WATER RIGHT. ". W -■
John Mehrtens, 2000 inches north
fork of Mokelumne river, three miles
above junction with Moore creek, to be
diverted by a ditch hereafter to be
constructed, 7 feet wide on top, 4 feet
at bottom, and 3 feet deep.
A Sweat Breath
is never failing sign of a healthy
stomach. When the breath Is bad the
stomach is out of order. There is no
remedy in the world equal to Kodol
Dyspepsia Cure for curing indigestion,
dyspepsia and all stomach disorders.
Mrs. Mary S. Crick, of White Plains,
Ky., writes: "I have been a dyspeptic
for years; tried all kinds of remedies
but continued to grow worse. By" the
use of Kodol I begin to improve at once,
and after taking a few bottles am fully
restored in weight, health and strength
and can eat whatever L like. " Kodol
digests what you eat and makes the
stomach sweet. Sold by City Phar
macy.
Start an Herb Garden
Fortunes in GINSENG, 60LDEN SEAL and
SENE6 A. all valuable medical plants. Easily
grown and hardy throughout the U. S. Always
a ready market and demand Increasing. Room
in your garden to grow thousands ol dollars 1
worth. We sell roots and seed. Plant in fall.
Booklet and magazine telling all about it 4c
Write today. " OZARK GINSENG CO.
,:., Dep't W , Joplin. Mo.
I BORN.
BIRO— At Electra, August 23, 19W, to tho wife
of J. Bird, a daughter. - ~
DARLING— In Oleta, August 17, 1004. to. Mr.
and Mrs. William Darling, a son.
THOMAS— HOSKINO— In Jackson, August 80,
1901, by Rev. W. Tuson, Joseph A. Thomas to
Miss Caroline B. Hosklng, both of Jackson.
DIED. r
CAMINETTI— Near Jackson, August m, 1004,
Rocco Caminetti, a native of Italy, aged 80
years.
CURNOW— At Argonaut mine, August 24. 1904,
William J. Curnow. a native of England, .
aged 33 years.
SCATENA— At Argonaut mine, August 24. 1904,
Angelo Scatena, a native of Italy, aged 18
years.
QUINN— At Argonaut mine,' August 34. 1904,
. Michael Qulnn, aged 30 years.
POLITICAL CARDS.* ;
MORRIS BRINN :
Regular Republican Nominee for
Supervisor, Township 4.
Election Tuesday, Norember Bth, 1904. .
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this head, not exceed-
ing 5 lines, will be inserted at 50c per month, or
5 cents per line (or less than one month.
HOUSE AND LOT FOR SALE:-House of '
six large rooms, bath, pantry, clothes
closet ; woodshed, chicken house and barn ;
and large lot, for sale cheap, or would lease it
on reasonable terms. Electric lights all
through house. Situated on Broadway, Jack-
son.' Apply to
augj6-tf WM. C. JOHNS, Jackson.
TjTOR SALE — Three -W-ucre farms, 1 mile
Jj from post offlce. Plenty of wood and water
Terms reasonable. Inquire at Ledger office. ' - 1
IVOR SALE— A 35 acre gravel mine; a tun-
J. nel proposition. Thorough inspection de-
sired. Price reasonable. Inquire Ledger offlce
T7WR SALE— I6O acres of land within 5 miles
JJ of Sutter Creek. Good spring; between
two and three thousand good mining timbers,
beside 600 cords of, four-foot wood on place.
Price i 750. Inquire at the Ledger offlce.
TMTOUNTAIN RANCH FOR SALE :-A tract
111 of 60 acres, situated one mile above Aque-
duct, with a six-room house thereon; also a
small barn ; 30 acres cleared and fenced ; quan-
tity of timber on the property. The p(aco w HI
be sold at a bargain. For particulars apply tp
the Ledger offlce. myH-tt
ALL kinds of Blanks for U. S. Land Filings—
Homestead, Timber and Mineral blanks-
may be had at the Ledger office; also deeds
mortgages, mining locations, proof of labor
and other legal blanks kept for sale
RECEIPT BOOKS for rent or general pur- ~
poses, in books of SO or 100 each, for sale at
the Ledger offlre. Specially printed for . for
dor county. SSo per 100 receipts, 15c Am a 50
VfINE SIGNALS, printed on cloth, and in
ax conformity with the provisions of the Cail-
fornia law, for sale at tbe Ledger offlce.
lAW BY MAIL — Legal opinions given on '
J any subject. One Dollar Ock Ohlt Fbb. ■
Write us the facts in your case and we will
mail you the best legal advice Correspondence
couUdeLtial References furnished and only
the best attorneys employed. Save this for
future reference. Send 11.00 money order when
writing. FIDELITY LAW BUREAU.
ap-29 Chronicle Building, San Francisco.
I J?.^?.pj M?iW? Wpiß? |[
2 A. J. Franatovich Jr., Frop'r. •
» Works on Church Street, near •
* Cemetery. . • '
I Tombstones, Monuments and all kinds S-
I of Stone Cutting and Sculpture done. •
I Will furnish marble and granite of S .
I best quality. Imported or native. %
I Cement or granite coping and all cem- I
I etery work at lowest rates. 0
I Satisfaction guaranteed both in work- S
I manship and price. Give me a trial. J 'LOCAL NEWS
OF THE WEEK
Short Itens of Interest to the Led
ger's Many Readers.
Costa shoes just right. The old
Potter's is now the bargain 6tore of
Pioneer Flour always has been
md still is toe beat.
Lemons, oranges, and- bananas con
stantly on hand at Nettles' Mkt.
A fine assortment of caskets at
Potter's the Plymouth undertaker.
Ernest Spagnoll left Sunday morning
for San Francisco, to enter the
Hastings law college.
Pioneer Flour is ' the " Lily of the
Valley." the "Pearl of Perfection."
If you want a good harness at reason
able prices call at A. Basso's, Jackson.
J. F.-Wtiison, Dentist. Hours 9a. m.
to sp. m. Phone Main 404. Jackson,
Cal. . •
Frank Wilkins, an experienced drug
gist, came up Thursday, evening? to
take charge of the Spagnoli drug store.
He is from San Francisco.
You will save, dollars, on a $20 bill, by
trading at PotteV's, Plymouth.
There were 26- passengers on the
stages and. other conveyances from
Jackson- Sunday morning. Several
were bound for the political conventions
that meet in Santa Cruz this week.
A. L. Anthony, the new principal of
Jackson school, left Tuesday morning
for the city for the purpose of bringing
his wife and two children.' He came
up here mainly to' rent a bouse for
their reception. —
It pays to get your horse ehod right
at Costa's. r • ."■ ■". :
B. R. Breese, formerly deputy coun
ty clerk, but now a clerk In the Cen
tral Bank of Oakland, has been visit
ing his relatives in Jackson for the
past two weeks; He was accompanied
by his wife. ' • - • ?,
Chas. Dickerman who was shot near
Amador City last week, was arrested
Sunday by constable Tuttle, charged
with assault with a' deadly weapon
with latent to commit murder on July
17. He is out on $1300 bail.
M. Plasse, who has been employed
for some months In hauling from Val
ley Springe to the Campo Seco copper
mines, has sold his horses and wagons,
and returned toliis ranch near Jack
son. He has quit the teaming business.
It pays to travel miles to trade at
John Hockin, C. S. Hicks and Emil
Arteni of Amador City, were arrested
on Thursday of last week, by deputy
constable A. S. Hartwick, and charged
with having disturbed the peace and
quiet of the town. All plead not guilty.
The first rain of the season of 1904-5
fell Tuesday afternoon. A rainstorm,
accompanied by lightning, quite un
usual for this time of the year, set in,
and continued at Intervals until night.
The rain measured 15 ' hundreths of an
loch. - 1
Mr. A. W. Kiniball, of Pioneer, while
walking along the road last Thursday
evening, stepped on a round rock and
fell on bis hip dislocating the same,
and ipjuring the large bone of the
leg. Mr. Kimball -will be confined to
his rop.m for several weeks.
Everything cheap for cash at H. E.
Potter's, Plymouth.
R. Phillips and wife of Berkeley are
visiting their son, Dr. L. E, Phillips of
Jackson. They will remain an indefi
nite tjme. Mr. Phillips was for many
years in the lumbering business in
Mendoclno county. He retired from
business a few years back, and has
since resided in Berkeley.
The four year old daughter of F.
Dalporta, who lives on the Webb-
Mason tract, died of that terrible dis
ease diphtheria on Saturday last, after
one week's illness. The funeral took
place the same evening, and was pri
vately conducted, the nature of the
disease rendering this course impera
tive. -.■■■■ .. £V'o : ;
Fresh pickled olives of the season
just received;- 65c per gallon. Nettles'
Market.
Chris Curilich, an employe of the
Gwin mine, who is well known in Jack
ton and other parts of the county, was
struck in the wrist by a piece of slate
last Monday, cutting a gash that nec
essitated a lay off. He came to Jackson
to have the wound dressed by a sur
geon. He expects to be able to report
for duty in a few days.
On Saturday evening as two young
men who had secured a buggy at
White's stable were driving near
Kennedy Heights they discovered that
the buggy top was on fire. They at
pope set about to unhitch the horse,
but & bystander secured a bucket of
water and extinguished the flames.
The top was entirely destroyed.
T. Flaherty,'who was arrested two
weeks ago on a charge of assault with
felonious intent upon a young lady on
her way from Jackson to Sutter Creek,
pleaded guilty before justice Goldner
on Monday last to simple assault. The
complaining witness seemed unwilling
to press the graver charge, so the plea
of guilty to a misdemeanor was accept
ed, and the defendant was sentenced to
seventy-five days in jail, without any
alternative of satisfying the judgment
by fine.
Rocco Caminetti, father of ex-Con
gressman A. Caminetti, died at the
latter's residence, three miles east of
Jackson, at 11 o'clock Wednesday
morning. A- Caminetti, who had been
in attendance at the democratic con ;
vention at Santa Cruz, received a disr
patch Monday evening, announcing
that his father was dangerously ill,
with little hope of recovery. He re
turned home the following evening.
He was therefore near his parent's side
when the final summons came. De
ceased was a pipneer resident of the
oounty, a native of Italy, aged 80 years,
He leaves three sons, A. Caminetti, R,
B. Caminetti, and Paulo Caminetti,
and one daughter, Mrs. C, H. Turner
of San Francisco.
11. E. Church Dedication-
Dedication services at the remodeled
andenlHvged M. E. church wer« held
morning and evening last Sunday,
the Rev. Bishop J. W. Hamilton offic
iating. The occasion drew a large
audience, not only from the interest
taken in the opening of the church,
but also because of the widespread
reputation of the bishop as one of the
most eloquent and deep-thinking men
of the church. The sermons were lis
tened to with deep interest, and made
a profound impression. A statement
was made by the pastor concerning the
financial affairs, showing that a sum in
the neighborhood of $900 was lacking
to meet the cost of building the new
church, and to clear up the balance
due on the minister's salary. At the
close of each service, subscriptions
were asked from the congregation, to
pay off these obligations. The call
was responded to nobly, and before
the evening service was closed the
contributions promised ' amounted to
$925, which will suffice, making due
allowance for losses, to wipe out all
indebtedness.
Jackson School Principal.
A. L. Anthony, of San Francisco,
has been engaged as principal of the
Jackson school. He arrived in Jack
son Sunday evening. He was engaged
by C. Marelia, clerk of the board of
trustees,' while in the city last week.
Mr. Anthony has been teaching in the
northern and coast counties of the
state. He is a man of middle ttere and
has a wife and family of four children.
It is understood that he has been en
gaged at $90 per month. The rule for
the ensuing term Is to hire from month
to month, instead of by the term as
formerly. Mr. Anthony has secured a
cottage on Broadway belonging to
Frank Simcicb, and will move therein
at an early date.
Three Inquests
A curious proceeding was had in re
lation to the inquest over the three
victims of the Argonaut accident. The
same testimony would of course apply
equally to tho three cases. It was con
tended, however, that one Inquisition
could not include the three victims.
So the testimony of the one case, A.
Scatena, was transcribed by typewriter
thrice, 'and made to fit each case as a
separate inquest. The only object of
this, that, we .can see, was to get official
fees for three cases Instead of one. It
was a useless proceeding, and the law
does not require a useless thing to be
done. We can find nothing to show
that where several persons lose their
lives in the same accident, inquests to
the number of the victims must be held,
and a distinct and separate report filed
for each case. It is simply piling up the
costs, without any reason therefor.
One of the maxims of jurisprudence is
that the law neither does, nor requires
idle acts. The proceeding referred to
certainly faces in that direction, and
is a needless expense to the county.
The Railroad to Jackson.
The report is now In circulation that
the Southern Pacific Company is' in
control of the movement tp extend the
railroad from lone to Martell's. Sev
eral things lend color to this report.
The implements are marked S. P., and
the character of the work shows that
tho line is intended for a broad gauge
steam road. There are not a great
many men at work at present. A large
quantity of grading and other tools has
been received, enough for a much
larger force than is now employed. It
is understood that about the first of
September the working force will be
largely increased, and operations from
that time will be vigorously prosecuted
until the line is completed.
Drug Store Changes Hands.
W. H. Boydston has purchased the
drug store and business of R. I. Kerr,
and took charge pn Wednesday last.
Mr. Kerr was unable to give the busi
ness the personal attention that was
required, he having other business
that occupied his time. Mr. Boydston
is a young man, and a graduate in
pharmacy. He has been in* the drug
business in Volcano for several years,
and is thoroughly posted in all
branches. He Intends tp look after the
business himself, and wjll dispose of, or
close out the drug' store in Volcano.
Mr. Boydston is heartily welcomed to
the business fraternity of the county
seat.
Political Hates.
- Independent candidates for super
visor are likely to come forward in
townships one and two. backed by the
labor unions. John Strohm is being
urged to run in township one! It is
reported ' that he has consented 'to
make the tight. Should he decline,
however, it is probable that some one
else will be induced to run.
In township four H. D. Calvin of
Amador City sought the nomination
at the hands of the democratic conven
tion. _ He is also the miners' union
candidate, and had the solid support of
the Amador delegation. Seeing that
they were outvoted by the Sutter
Creek delegates, the Amador men re
fused to vote. Mr. Calyin is resolved
to come out as an independent candi
date, with the backing of the political
organization formed some months ago
at Amador City.
Declined Nomination for Congress.
A. Caminetti was unanimously nomi
nated for congressman in the first dis
trict at the democratic convention held
in Santa Cruz last Monday. He made
a statement that he was not in a posi
tion to accept, principally for financial
reasons, and that b,e must decline.
The convention persisted in making
him their candidate. He left Santa
Cruz Monday, on account of the mortal
illness of his father. He left a note to
the convention emphatically declining
to be a candidate. His declination was
finally accepted, and it remains, for the
committee to fjll th.c vacancy. ; They
have not done so as yet.
Uncalled-for letters.
Letters remaining unclaimed in the
Jackson, Cal., postofflce, for the week
ending August 28, 1904:
John Antongroyanni Luigi Oaluagno
Richard Hickapn 3. W. Loomls
F. Da Massif (2) Salvation Army (p'rs)
G. C. Folgkr, Postmaster.
Divine service will be held in St.
Augustine's church Sunday evening
next at 7:30 p. m.
THE AMADOR LEDGER: JACICSO^, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, ATTGrTJST 26, 1904.
THREE MEN KILLED
AT THE ARGONAUT
Supposed by a Premature Blast Caus
ed by Defective Fuse.
The most disastrous accident we
have been called upon to chronicle for
years, happened in the shaft of the
Argonaut mine about 11 o'clock Wed
nesday morning. Four men, named
William J. Curnow, A. Scatena, M.
Quinn, and William Jewell, were en
gaged in sinking operations. It is cus
tomary to prepare from 18 to 22 holes,
and charge them; (he last duty being
to light the 'fuse, each mau lighting
one fourth of the fuses. It takes not
more than from half to one minute to
do the work. Naturally it is done
quickly, to enable the men to' get out
of tho way. The fuses are 8 feet In
length, and they are timed to burn
about 41 minutes before the blast goes
off. The kind of fuse used on this oc
casion is called the Insoloid fuse. It
had recently been adopted at the Argo
naut because of its slowness in burning.
It had been repeatedly timed, ° and
found more uniformly slow than other
fuses, and for this reason was used. - It
comes in coils, 100 feet to a coil. On
the occasion in question one of the
fuses burned with extraordinary quick
ness, the blast going off in fact before
the men bad completed the lighting of
the other fuses. Jt is supposed that
the three men killed, namely, Curnow,
Scatena and Quinn, -were so badly
crippled by the premature blast that
they were unable to get out of the way,
and were thus exposed to all the suc
ceeding blasts, nine or ten in number.
They were mangled almost beyond
recognition. William Jewell, although
struck in the side by a piece of rock
the sizo of a walnut, - which plowed a
grove in bis back for 8 inches, managed
to make good his escape tp shelter
after the Bret premature explosion oc
curred. He is not seriously injured.
As soon after the explosion as pos
sible the remains pf the three young
men. who were sp suddenly pajled frpm
life to death, were brpugt)t tp tb,e sur
face. It was a sight calculated to un
nerve the stoutest heart to see the
mutilated remains of those who only a
few minutes before were in the full
vigor of manhood's prime.
The bodies were removed as soon as
possible to the undertaking parlors of
W.E. Kent, to await the coroner's in
quest. Coroner Huberty was away at
the time in thp mpuntalpe. He was
sent for, and came down the same night
to conduct an investigation of the awful
disaster.
The particular brand of fuse is the
same that Is used In the Kennedy,
Oneida, and qtber mines arpund here.
It had been selected because ft was re
garded as the safest and most unifqrm.
It Is impossible tp detept imperfections
in a fuse frpm putward appearance.
William Curnow had been the victim
of several accidents in mines. He lost
a portion pf his band by a mjsh.ap in a
mine at Amador City some years ago.
He had been wpr|j jng at the Argflnaut
but a short time, wb.eq h.e was caught
by a premature blast and laid up for
over two weeks. Upon his recovery
he asked superintendent J. B. Pranpjs
for a surface job, as he had been so
peculiarly unfortunate in underground
work that he was disinclined tp return.
He was told that when opportunity
presented he would be given employ
ment on the surface, and thereupon re
turned to work in the shaft, for the
first time after his previous accident,
on the fatal morning of Wednesday.
He loaves a wife, who is in poor health,
also three children r^sicjipg jn Sutter
Creek. He was pnly <}3 years p,f ape.
Deceased was a brpther of Mrs. C. p.
Crocker of Jackson. His bpdy was
not so mutilated as f,lie fitters,, t,foe
feature beiqg djstinguish.ab.je:
Amerigo Soatena was a young man
of about 18 years, a nephew of M.
Scatena. The remains when recovered
were fearfully mutilated. The head
was completely gone, a blackened mass
of flesh and powder marked clothing
around the neck being left. The body
was pitted with wounds where the rock
had been hurled against, jiji^. Whefl
theexplosipn pccurred, jie must have
been In close proximity tp and facing
one of the exploding charges, receivipg
the full force in hjs face., ;
Michael Quinn was about 2? years pf
age. He leaves a wife, 17 years of age,
who only two weeks agp gave birth \6
twin daughters, as aqnpunced. in the.se
columns last week. Hjs bpdy from the
shoulders down was sadly mangled.
One foot was blown off, and otherwise
terribly disfigured. The features were
recognizable.
INQUEST.
An inquest was held Thursday by
Coroner Huberty before the following
jurors: C. M. Kelley, G. L. Thomas,
J. H. Langhorst, U S Gregory, Chris
Curilich, L. Glavinpyich, Sim
cich, J. qjqplifeltj W- P- Dufrene.
and W. Mltphell. . Wijliam Jewellj
the sole eurvivpr, was unable to
leave his bed on accpunt pf the
injuries sustained. The jury pro
ceeded to his residence on Water street
and heard his testimony. He said he
was working in the shaft attending
chuck, his partner being M. Quinn.
They had drilled II holes, and the
other two, Scatena and Curnpw, drilled
11 holes on the opposite side. All fpur,
by common understanding, started to
spit, or fire the fuses tqgether. While
so engaged one of the holes behind him
exploded. He was thrown against the
wall by the shock. They were all ip
darkness. On getting up he was still
in darkness, and started tp climb the
rope to the ladder way, la feet above
From the ladder he elitnbed tp th,e sta
tion, JSO feet abflve, where th.c skip
was In waiting fpr the men. When, he
got to the etatipn the other explosion
occurred. It was several minutes be
tween the first explosion and the other
blasts. There was ample timo tp get
away if the men had been able tp save
themselves after the first blast went
Off. After the fjrst blast his partner,
M\ Quinn, called out once to get a light.
J. B. Francis, superintendent, testi
fied that the fuse used that da,y was a
German make, used In other mines
hereabouts, and adopted, after a
thorough test, on account of its slow
ness and uniform time in burning. He
had tested it the day before.
John Wilson, miner at Argouaut,
working at 1900 level. Never tried the
new fuse here. At Bisbee, Arizona,
they used it altogether. They claimed
it to be the best they had tried. He
went down to the bottom after the ac
cident. All three were dead. Scatena
was covered up with tine dirt. Quinn's
body was lying exposed, bis head rest
ing on his arm. Curnow was almost
buried in the debris; it took some time
to recover his body from the loose rock.
G. J. Troyan worked at 1900 level.
Heard the first blast, and said be would
time the fuse, to find how long it burn
ed. Looking down the shaft he saw
lights at bottom, and just tbon the
first blast went off. He believed it was
3 minutes or 3j before the others went
off. Did not time them, be was too
excited. Heard some one hollering In
shaft,' could not tell who it was. A
few seconds C. Olver came up the
skip after him, and told him that be
thought three men were blasted in
shaft.
Chas. Olver, at 2100 station, works
about the shaft at different points.
Cut the fuses for the blasts yesterday.
They were all 8 feet locg. Never, made
primings with new - fuse until yester
day. Was at the bottom when they
loaded the holes. There was trouble
In loading one hole, on account of a
rock falling in the hole; they had to
get the blpw-pipe to clear it. Would
not be certain whether Mr. Curnow
put powder in the hole before blpwing,
but think he did. By the force of the
compressed air all the dubris in the
hole, powder and rock, would be
blown out. Heard man from bottom
of shaft call for light. Could not tell
how many holes did not go off, nor
whether they were all spitted. Believed
only 9 or 10 holes exploded. Found
fuses on the hanging after the ex
plosion. Did not know whether they
had been fitted to the holes. Holes
did not explode. Men that have used
the new fuse recommenced it as th,e
best fuse. Cpuld not say hqw the
premature discharge occurred. Thinl?
it must have happened by blowing put
powder from the troublesome hplp, and
by lighting ths fuse ignited the powder
around the hole and in the shaft, and
thereby the explosion occurred be
fore all the boles bad been* lighted.
Did not believe the fuse had time tp
burn out.
P. Pescbia and others testified, on
th,e same !if)es. The jury brpught ip a
vepdlct In each case that death was the
outcome of accident.
The sad affair has cast a deep shadow
over the community. The terrible
loss of life, and the ciruumstancus. that
shroud the acpident in dpqb.t ?s tp h.ow
It occurred, helpipg to deepen the feel
ing of depression.
All the victims were members of tho
miners' union, and the interments will
take pjaee under the auspices pf that
organization. The f^jnerajs qf i\.
Scate.na apd M. Quinn will 'take place
to-day, interments In the Catholic
cemetery, Jackson. The body of W. .
J. Curnow was taken to Sutter Creek
Thursday, but was returned to Jack
son, the relatives deciding to have the
burial hero. The funeral will (,uko
place tcj-rp.qrrp.w ip t t}ie'' P.rp'testant
cenietery.'
la^ali:
Last Sunday an interesting game of
baseball was played on the Pleming
grounds, Jackson, between the El Reys
of Jackson and a teqm from Angela.
The gatpe was well contested through
put, i The day was b,ne of the 'hottest
of the Beasp.rij hlit did not mar to any
extent the interest \n the sport npr
tend tp redupe thp puncher pf spec
tators.. The Angels, team, won, py a
scprepf§tq 7. The following is the
complete score;
AB X BH PO A E
Poggl, 2db i J 3 Q H ~j
Urillq.lstb..., S i i 13 0 2
Merkol, 0. t 1 a 1 1 0 0
CHvagnuro. 0 4 a 0 11 a 0
Perano, r. f 5 '1 10 0 0
J. Thomas, s. s 5 0 0 0 5 1
VV. Fortner. 1. 1 5 0 0 0 10
Santirfo. 3rd b 5 0 1 2 1 1
Arditto.p 4 0 0 0 11 1
Totald 41 7 fl 27 22 *~6
ANGELS. ' ' ■ "
v:; Ali' It BH PO A E
.*-• -_!; t
Dorrah, 1. f 5 I 0 0 1 0
Wu.'Sao.*. ..s 1 I 1I 1 § k 1
gerr.s.s. .;...;; 5 1 p p 3 2
P.qshe,2nfl b,.... '...:.:. 4 1 % a a
SlNagie, p. f :........ 1 i 414 1 fi 0
Hodeq, r .f. .,..,,,..:.: i 1 000
Dallas, p 4 0 1 0 U 1
Totals 39 ~8 ~7 37 17 ~7
. HUNS BY INNINGS.
EL. Rey 10000130 2-7
ANGELS 3 0 1 2 8 0 0 1 0— 8
SDMMARY. I
Two-base-hlts — Merkle.' 'Dorrah, Si Nagie.
Lett oni basfes— Jadkson 9, AngMs 4. stolen
bases-Cavagnaro. SI Nagie First' base on
balls— oo Ardltto 1, Dallas a. Struck out— By
A«Uttp, U Dallas' 10.: Wild pftcli-Arditto 1.
H\t by pitcher— Cavagnaro 2, Arditto. Time of
game— 2 hours and 5 minutes. Umpire— Robt
I. Kerr. Scorer— S. N. Spagnoll.
A Bummer Col 4.
4 summer cp,ld |s not pn,ly annoying
but if not relieved Pneqmonia will he
the prabatile result by Fall. One Min
ute CpuEh pure clears the 'phlegm,
drftws otit the inflamation, heals,
soothes and strengthens the lungs and
bronchial tubes. One Minute Cough
Cure Is an ideal remedy for the child
ren. It is pleasant to the taste and
perfectly harmless. A certain cure
for Croup, Cough and Cold. Sold by
City Pharmacy.
National Hotel Bold.
On Saturday tyet R % .~ Webb, of .the.
A^ad,of "^edge'r, spjd the National
hotel, Jackson, to Alex Eudey. The
price mentioned in the deed is $1000;
the transaction is. represented hy five
figures, apd the purchase price is
mpqted around at $14,0QQ. This is the
largest transaction in the real estate
line, outside of mining property, that
has taken place in Jackson for years.
The seller has owned the National for
about eight years. It has cost him all
told, something in excess of the price
he sold it fpr. Nevertheless it has
been a fairly remunerative property.
Tb,e lease tp F. 4- Voprhels extends
for anqtber year, and pf' course tho
sale was subject to the lease. The pur
chaser bought the prpperty as un in
vestment proposition, and it is not
probable that any change Is contem
plated in the management or lessee of
the hotel.
Get registered, "fbu. cannot vp.te un
less you are pn the new register. Qnjy
one rap'nth remains ta attend to this
duty. Jf ypu do not register before
Sept. 28th ypu will lose your vote. All
republicans should bear this in mind,
and apply for registration either at the
clerk's olljce or to a deputy in the res
pective towns.
The Standard Electric plant at Elec
tra Is In good running order again, and
is supplying ppwer tp itg full capacity.
The company (J}d excellent work in so
speedily repairing the damage caused
by the late break.
Marriage licenses have been issued
by the county clerk during the week
as follows: John Bovenlch 38, Florence
Jorgensen 31; John B. Le Doux 33,
Pearl E. Merton 18; Milton R. Ziehn
25, Delia M. Lamb 18; Joseph Cas
aleggio 26, Rose Cassello 23.
REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION
Meets in Jackson and Transacts Its
Business Harmoniously.
The republican county convention
assembled in the court room at 11
o'clock Saturday morning. There was
an unusually full attendance of dele
gates. Every precinct in the county
was represented in person except Oleta.
Considering that there were no candi
dates for county officers to be nomi
nated except three supervisors in tLeir
respective districts, this serves to show
thatjthe republicans are taking a lively
interest in the issues of the campaign
from a national standpoint.
The convention was called to order
by Dr. C. A. Herrick, as chairman of
the county central committee.
F. M. Whltmore was unanimously
elected temporary chairman, as a fit
ting recognition of his long servjee in
the., republican ranks. He made a
short speech in acknowledgment of the
honpr, stating that he had been a re
publican from the very organization of
the party. He took part in its or
ganization in this county, when it was
a matter of reproach to be identified
with the Infant party. He had seen it
grpw to become the greatest political
organization the nation has ever known.
Dr. A. M. Gall was elected temporary
secretary. » :
The committees were named by the
chairman as follows:
Credentials— L. Oettinger, chairman;
W. D. Dufrene, V. S. Garbarini, J.
Kidd, J. C. Norris, O. Webster, C.
Wilson, S. J. Pearpe, J,. Datsfln, Geo.
4ennjngs..
Permanent organization and order pf
business^. Q. AmicV, chairman; F.
D,uden, W. E.. J£ent, F. Werner, P. J.
Sheridan, C. Bradshaw, W. R. Web
ster, O. W.VVrigglesworth, S. Davis,
Chas. De Yore.
Platform and resolutions— Jphn F.
Pavis, chairman: R. Webb,, fieqrge
Vagpr,. A. J. Maestretti, j. F. Clute,
C. Wiison, E. C. Voorheis, C. Rich
ards, Jos. Datson and A. J. Cat-ley.
An assessment of $1 was levied upon
each delegate $nd prpxy in cfiqven
tipn, and the same was collected on the
temporary list of delegates in- the
hands of the secretary.
An adjournment was then taken un
til half-past one p/clp.ck, tg en^bjp the
cQ,mmUte.e§ tg rfla^e report.
On reassembling the committees re
ported as follows:
Committee on credentials reported
the following delegates eptjUed to seats
in the cpnyentjonf
North Jackson — W. D. Dufrene, A.
Haverstick, H. Radpvich (C. A. Her
rick proxy). W. ■p.ennis (H. E. Kay
prpxy.) '. " •
E^st JaoWboa— F. H. Duden, John F.
Davis, C. H. Crocker, P. Cassinelli.
South Jackson— V. S. Garbarini. W.
E. Kent,. H. Jones (W. P. Peek proxy,)
A. L. Stewart. ;
,, We *t jfackspfl —W- Tyacke., Oscar
Myers, p. Schaqht.
Center J,acksp.n— R_. Webb, F. B«,r
erin, Ai.Ginqcchia,(C. A. Hen : ie*f proxy,)
C. B.: Ardjttq. -"'■".
Clititpn-rßobt. Reed, W. Hutchics
(Dr. Gall prpxy.)
North lone— Geo. Yager, Chas. Hen
derson, W. C. Dillian, W. McCloskey
(C. H. McKenney proxy.)
South lone — Walter Stewart (Mc-
Kenney proxy,) A. J. Maeetrettl, Jos.
Kidd, Alex Braddy, E. G. Amick.
Buena Vista— J. C. Norris. ; ";':■:■
Lancha Plana— A. F. Adams, P. J.
Sheridan (Adams proxy.)
Pine Grove— O. L. Webstey, A. C.
Adams, C. Bradshaw. " '"■-'•. ■• ~
Volcano— 'iV- H.Bpydspn, W. M,ar
sinoj J. F/J pruto.'Tp.riy pielupch|.
Antelope— F, M. Wh.itm.qre, W, R..
Webster (F- M. V^tm.qre. proxy.)
Eajst Setter Creek— PauJ Sm.Uh, £■
OetHqger, Chas. Richard.?.. D, Rama
zqtt|. ':.-v
West Sutter Creek— F. Werner, E.
C. Voorheis, T. S. Tuttle.
South Sutter Creek— G. Shealor, W.
E. Downs, E. Botto, W. S. Cooledge.
Amador City— S., J. Pearce, A. Weil,
H. T. Oabtree, O. W. Wrigglesworth,
W. H. Berryman.
North Plymouth -E. y. TJff w
(Gep, C. J[enn» n g8 prp,xy,} J. Datson,
S. Pavis,
South Plymouth —H. E. Potter (S.
K. Davis proxy,) Wm. Scoble (J. Dat
son proxy.)
Dry town — A. J. Ci*rley (Jennings
proxy,) Qep. p. Jepn^ngs..
Forest Hpm.e— Chas. G- Severe.
Committee on permanent organisa
tion apd prder gf business recommend
ed that the temporary officers be made
permanent, and the order of. business
as follows: Hearing of reports, elec
tion of delegates to state convention,
supervisor nominations in districts 1.
2 and 4, and selection of two members
from each township for county com
mittee. J Also that the delegates to the
state convention be empowered to act
in .the congressional a.nd. district con
veqt;poß lv which the county of Ama
dor is entitled tp participate. | Selec
tion' of chairman pf county central
committee, purity of elections commit
tee, and." resolution authorizing the
county com.ra.Utee ta fill vacancies.
All the reports of committees were
approved as read.
PLATFORM AND RESOLUTIONS.
The committee on resolutions and
platform reported as follows;
Your committee an platform and
resolutions begs leave to report the
following resolutions:
We most heartily indorse the repub
lican national administration. It has
by its matchless statesmanship in
creased the prestige bf our country
ahroad, and has promoted peace, pros
perity and security at home. We have
no doubt of the ratification of its pur
poses and policies at the coming eleo
tion, and that our countrymen will
triumphantly elect as president that
fearless American, Theodore Roosevelt.
We cordially commend our senators
at Washington for their vigilaut and
able care of the interests of the nation
and state.
We heartily indorse the record of
our representative in congress, the
Hon. J. N. Gillette, and most earnestly
recommend his renomlnation to con
gress,
We take pride in the administration
of our governor, Geo. C. Pardee, and
approve the course of the other officers
of the present republican state adminis- 1
tration and of our representatives in
the legislature. ' . .; |
We_ heartily indorse the principles
enunciated in the national republican
platform recently adopted at Chicago,
and upon our party's record in the ful
fillment oi our party's pledges wo con
fidently appeal to the suffrages of the
American people.
John F. Davis, Chairman.
The respective townships reported
having elected candidates for super
visor as follows:
Township One— S. W. Bright.
Township Two— W. M. Amick.
Township Four— Morris Brinn.
For delegates to state convention the
following were selected :
Township I— Dr. A. M. Gall and C.
H. Crocker.
Township 2— C. H. McKenney.
Township 3— Clarence Bradshaw.
Township 4— E. C. Voorheis and J.
R. Tregloan.
Township s— Geo. C. Jennings.
For members of the county central
committee the following were selected
from the various districts:
Township I— Dr. A. M. Gall and F.
H. Duden. ,
Township 2— Geo. E. Waddell and
Geo. Yager.
Township 3— J. F. Clute and C. Brad
shaw.
Township 4— F. Werner, O. Wric
glesworth.
Township s— Jos. Datson and A. Mc-
Wayne. ( .*^
On motion of Judge Davis, Dr. C. A.
Herrick was elected committeeman at
large, and chairman of the County
Committee, a position which he ha"s
filled ably and satisfactorily for the
past four years. In accepting the po
sition Dr. Herrick stated that he had
done his best in the past, and he would
fight for the success of the party in the
coming campaign to the utmost of his
ability, »
On motion the chairman was author
ized to appoint the usual committee as
required by the purity of election law.
E. C. Voorheis moved that the coun
ty central committee be empowered to
fill any and all vacancies that may occur
in the ticket; such vacancies to be
filled by the committee as a whole and
not otherwise. The motion was carried.
Judge Davis brought up the question
of the status of justices and constables
In townships 2 and 4. Several of these
officials, held their office by appoint
ment at the hands «f the board of
supervisors. It was a question whether
the appointment would hold -for the
unexpired term, or until the next gen
era.l election. The democratic conven
tion was discussing the matter, and the
prevailing idea seemed to favor refer
ring the election of these appointed
officers to the decision of the people at
the ballot box. The county committee
had power tp, fill vacancies on the
ticket hy resignation or death of reg
ularly nominated candidates, but it
was doubtful if the authority reached
to the cases where the convention had
made no selection. Nq d.efiqite. aotion
was taken, bu.t the Viestion was left
opeq tor future action if necessary.
Each candidate nominated for super
visor was, on motion, required to pay
$5 toward the expenses of the cam*
paign. " w^
Judge D,av|s 4 \n to vociferous
cal(s. far. si speech, addressed the con
vention on the national outlook. He
eulogized President Roosevelt and his
administration, and strongly denounced
the combination of democrats with the
clique of Wall atr*es to" endeavor to
accomplish his defeat by the candidacy
1 of J udge Parker. '
C. H. McKenney, present a.ssembly
man, and candidate far re^oomination,
was called u,pp,n. far » spoeoh. He said
he ha,rd.ly knew what to talk about.
If returned as representative he would
work to send one of the best men as
United States senator to uphold the
administration of President Roosevelt.
He appreciate^ the support already
accord.^ h,<m,- The republican party
bad. been, very kind to him, and he
could neyer fully repay them. He had
been asked to bs a. candidate, and if
elected h,e would work for the interests
of the district. It was surprising how
many bills in.tvoduoed affected the dis
trict in some way. He did not think
the people realized the importance of
sending a man capable of looking after
the district. He promised to work
faithfully for th.c best interests of the
district, .
8. W. BRIGHT FOR SUPERVISOR.
The republican district convention of
township one was organized by the se
lection of W. P. Peek as chairman,
and C. Schacht secretary. Dr. Gall
nominated, §. W-. Bright for supervisor.
Toere wqs no o.ther nomination.
Harvey Clark, who ha,d been spoken of
as a probable candidate, formally with
drew in. favor o,{ %. Bright, who was
thevQu,po.n, n,o.m,in.a.ted unanimously.
T-he cand\dato was called before the
delegates, and thanked them for the
honor, and promised to do his best to
fill the office satisfactorily to himself
and to the people if elected, and use h[s
utmost efforts to get elected.
■ Bid Indeed.
Losing flesh is indeed a bad sign.
Take Scott's Emulsion, lor it, For
weqfc fllgeatton, for defeotive nourish
ment, for consumption, take Scott's
Emulsion. It restores flesh because It
strikes to the cause of the loss.
Nothing wilj please an invalid as well
as a, pa.eka.ge of those fancy cakes from
Netties' Mkt.
Weissbein Brothers & Co.
■-**.' ■■■""
ASSAY OFFICE AND GOLD REFINERY
616 SACRAMENTO ST., near Montgomery. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
PURCHASERS OF GOLD DUST AND BULLION <
BASE BULLION AND CYANIDE PRECIPITATE A SPECIALTY
, ORES AND CONCENTRATES TESTED BY ANY PROCESS
% (T^AA A 1.1 • f
t fetate b aar f
T AT SACRAMENTO
{.August 22d to Sept. 3d, 1904 f
f California's TWO WEEKS OF |
I iil iiuiiiHit
T Horticultural — *
|J an <* J* INITIAL S "J
I sag, horse nil pmi t
4? California Livestock Breeder's Convention 4*
«£•} Exhibits Carried Free. Excursion Kates to Visitors.
£± L. R. MILLER, Secretary, Sacramento. B. F. RUSH, President.
To Cure a Cold in One Day g^o o^^
Take Laxative Bromo g%iinine Tablets. qiLjfr °? w «y I
Seven Million boxes sold ta post 1 2 months. Thfe Signature, *&' >sCo^rpTTt^ DOX. 25c. I
AMADOR COUNTY'S
GOLD PRODUCERS
Large Amount of Timber Being Ee
ceived at the Zeila.
Kennedy— The work of construct
ing a new furnace at the chlorination
works is being pushed ahead. W. L.
Fortner is doing the mason work, and
E. H. Harrington is superintending the
construction. It is the intention as
soon as the new furnace is completed
and started, to reconstruct the old fur
nace, by putting in new floors, and
practically making it over anew. This
plant has been in active service for 13
years — considerably longer than the
average life of such works. Concen
trate's have accumulated of late, as the
capacity of the works was inadequate
to keep pace with the output of the 60
stamp mill. The new furnace will be
able to handle the output until the
additional 40 stamps to the mill are in
operation. By that time it is expected
to have both furnaces in working order.
Zeila.— The Zeila is receiving large
quantities of lumber and square tim
bers for shaft repairing and other pur
poses. Between the Zeila and Argon
aut mines something like 900,000 feet
of lumber has been ordered; much of
it yet remains to be delivered. Mc-
Call's traction engines have been haul
ing on this order for several weeks.
The trucks are hauled from Martell's
to the mine by horse power; a traction
engine truck will carry a load of from
six to seven tons. The Zeila mill will
soon be fixed to run by electric instead
of water power. It Is probable that 30
stamps will be operated by electricity,
and 10 by water. With the battery
water this will require about 5Q inohes
of water. The running of a part of
the mill by water is imperative to
carry off the tailings.
AMADOR CITY.
Aiveaooh City, August 23.
Mrs. Sugden, of Oakland, is the
guest of Mrs. J. Allen. /
Mrs. Chichizola and two children re
turned from their summer vacation
Sunday,
Miss Jda Tierney is visiting friends
and relatives of this city. '
F. Reeves went to Sacramento Sun
day.
Mrs. J. Phipps and daughter Lyda
went to San Francisco Sunday.
Blame Rodda has gone to the bay
city for a short time.
Miss Qiive Lane returned to her home
in San Francisco Sunday.
Miss Louise McLaughlln, who has
been attending summer school at San
Jose, returned to Amador Sunday.
Miss Anna Dyman has gone to Lodi.
OLETA ITEMS.
The benefit ball given Saturday even
ing for Mrs. Rose Upton and family
was a success both socially and finan
cially.
Mrs. Purington is visiting Mrs. B.
Taylor a few days.
B. Bacon and son, Frank, went to the
Flint hop fields Monday and returned
Tuesday, saying there were more people
there than hops. -
Mrs. William Darling presented her
husband with a bouncing baby boy
last Wednesday. Will walks as if
treading on eggs ever since.
After a two weeks visit, Mr. and Mrs.
Johnson returned Saturday morning
to their home in San Francisco.
Miss Mazie Knapp went to San Fran
cisco Saturday for a few weeks' visit.
Mrs. •W. Schillings returned from
San Francisco Sunday evening. She
congratulates herself on escaping some
of the hot weather we've had up here.
Mr. and Mrs. Owen French and son
Tommiepald Cook's station a flying
visit last Monday,
F. W, Knapp is on the sick list.
Miss Jessie Brown went to Stockton
Sunday.
Mrs. Ed. Baker left Wednesday fora
lengthy visit with relatives in Ashland,
Oregon.
Miss May Deaver Is visiting her sister,
Mrs. Arthur Lessley. at Antelope.
CHUMP.
Far Salt.
One Splendid second-hand' buggy,
one upholstered cart, and one set of
single harness. Prices very reasonable.
For particulars inquire of C. D. Smith,
Amador City, or at the Ledger office.
■-^oz» 722exi TirZio .9
Ilevhtraiw I
g copper* jHrefecl i
I overalls I
ADDITIONAL LOCALS.
Horse-shoeing $1.50 at Costa's.
Give us daily some good bread. Pio
neer Flour makes the best.
Why doesn't Wonderly come, we
want a Singer right away.
All orders given prompt attention at
Potter's cash store, Plymouth.
When you jsish the finest flavored
coffees and teas, remember that W. J.
Nettle keeps only the best.
The Native Daughters contemplate
giving a street fair In Jackson some
time In September. Full particulars
will be given hearafter. "
Good mines of all kinds wanted. In
quiring parties. S. C. Trayner, 4 Sui
ter St., San Francisco, Cal.
Lame horses never limp after Costa
shoes them.
Judge John F. Davis came up Fri
day evening to attend the republican
county convention. He returned to
the city Sunday morning.
If you are going fishing or hunting
and are afraid of Poison Oak, take &
dose of Dr. Mason's Poison Oak Cure.
It is a perfect preventatlve.
The M. E. church will be completed
by next Sabbath. Services morning
and evening as usual. Sunday School
at 2p. m. All are cordially invited.
Exact change given at Potters cash
store, Plymouth.
P. Pbdesta is still a very sick man.
He has two trained nurses waiting on
him — one night and the^ other day
nurse. The complaint is intermittent
fever.' -X ■»v;» v ;-
The ladies' guild of the Episcopal
church will give a garden party at the
residence of Wallace Kay on Friday
evening, Sept. 2d. Further notice will
be given next week. :
The democrats have failed to make a
nomination for assemblyman in this
district. H. A. Messenger was recom
mended by the. delegates from Cala
veras county. No definite action has
been taken.
The Mother Goose party given by
the New Idea Club at the residence of
O. Keffer last Friday, drew a large
audience and created lots of fun. The
proceeds amounted to $35, which will
go toward the M. E. church. .
Mrs. Simcich of the Union House
will have charge of the eating depart
ment at the labor day picnic of the
miners' unions in Fullen's grove on
September 5. A chicken dinner will be
served from 11 in the morning until the
close of the festivities. aug 26-td
The Amador Record says that an
Italian met with an accident in the
Oneida Sunday. While coming out of
the shaft he was seized with a fainting
spell, and came near falling off, .His
companions held him, but one leg pro
jecting over the cage was caught, and
broken in two places. We are told the
man's name is Carlo Ricci. Heis being
cared for by the Italian Benevolent
Society. .^ ; V &>.*■•
A message was received Thursday
that John R. Dick, well known in
Jackson and vicinity, where he has
lived for many years, died at the resi
dence of his brother's family near
Acampo, San Joaquin county, Wed
nesday. He left Jackson only a few
wseks ago to visit his friends near
Acampo. The funeral will take place
there, where his brother is buried. He
was 72 years of age.
Joseph A. Thomas and Miss Caroline
B. Hosklng, both of Jackson, were
united in marriage last Saturday night
at the home of the bride by Rev, Wm.
Tuson. Chas. Roberts acted as grooms
man, and Miss Minnie Northey as
bridesmaid. There were some forty
persons present. It was a very joyful
| wedding. The wedding supper was all
that could be desired. Every good
wish was tendered to the young couple
just starting on life's journey together,
At a meeting of the Amador City
miners' union, held Wednesday night,
H. D. Calvin was- unanimously chosen
as a candidate in their interest for sup
ervisor in township four. He will make
the fight. He thinks that the support
of the labor unions will be sufficient to
elect him. A place on the ticket must
be had by a petition of at least three
per cent of the voters of the district.
As there are about 700 voters, between
20 and 30 names would be sufficient.
The same course will doubtless be
adopted in township one.
The main bridge across- Jackson
creek on Broadway has been replanked
during the week. It will be proped
up substantially so as to enable the
traction engine to pass over it. The
traction engine is said to weigh 15 tons.
The strain would be too much to with
stand unless the structure is strength
ened. The engine has never passed
over the bridge so far. The trucks
are hauled by teams to the Zeila mine,
but by fixing the bridge for the trac
tion traffic the hauling to the Zeila will
be much facilitated. We understand
that Mr. McCall is bearing most of
the expense of strengthening the
structure.
The trustees of Suisun report that
they consider oil a failure on macad
amized streets, as after the first
rains they were compelled to scrape
off and haul away the slushy mud
and then put on the streets a heavy
coating of rock screenings before
they were in a condition for travel.THIS WILL INTEREST YOU.
The Ledger has made rates with sev
eral publications whereby subscribers
may get the benefit of good papers and
magazines at a very cheap rate. The
price of the Ledger is $2.50 a year, but
our arrangements are such that we are
able to present clubbing rates as below,
and no lover of good reading should fail
intake advantage of our offer. These
rates are payable in advance, and we
i 11 vite old subscribers as well as new ones
to intenist themselves on this subject.
We have not forgotten the ladies, as
you can see by referring to the list our
offer on the Cosmopolitan Magazine,
also McCall's Magazine, which you
receive without aoy additional cost
whatever, and you have the selection
of any pattern you wish, which will be
sunt to your address free of charge.
Take advantage of our offer, and keep
posted on the news of the day:
Ledger and Dally Call, one year? 9 00
Ledger and Weekly Call one year 3 20
Ledger and Daily CbroDicle, one
year 9 00
Ledger and Weekly Chronicle,
one year 3 60
Lodger and New York Tribune *
Farmer 2 50
Ledger and New York Tri-Week
ly Tribune 3 00
Ledger and Weekly Chicago In
ter-Ocean .; -. . 250
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Maga
zine, one year .■ 275
Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
year,iocluding free pattern 2 50
The above rates are strictly in ad
vance.
.Geo. McMillan
FOTOGRAPHER
"Fine Carbon Fotos" all sizes. Groups
'. and Mining Viewß. Stamp Fotos
and Button Jewelry.
JACKSON - - jel4 - CAL.
A. H. KUHLMAN
Contractor and Builder
Will do work in any part of
Amador County. If you want
to build, send a note to Jackson
Postofflce and I will call on you.
Estimates furnished without cost
on any kind of building. Will
make plans and specifications for
you. mar2tf
BANK OF 1H COUNTY
Incorporated November, 1895
-
Capital Stock : : : $50,000
President .' Alfonse Ginocchio
Vice-Presldent S. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudey
BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
Alfonse Ginocchio, S. G. Spagnoli , 'John Strohm,
Frederick Eudey and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT.— Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from the Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from flre
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County ; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postofflce or express. Money sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County.
They receive deposits from tsup. Commence
the new year by opening np a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die It can't be found and you are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive. -
J. GHIGLIERI & BRO.
Cosmopolitan Liquor Store
JACKSON GATE, CAL.
Dealers and Jobbers in foreign and domestic '
WINES, LIQUORS & CIGARS
CELECTED stock of Imported Goods. Choice
*-* California Wines, popular brands. Eastern
and Domestic Beers; special bottling.
Havana, Key West and New York Cigars.
Bourbon, Rye, Sweet and Sour Mash Whiskies
of celebrated distilleries. ja2 ly
7 VANDERPOOL \
I THE HARNESS MAKER I
17 Plymouth, Cal. V[
l\ Can Make or Repair your /I
M HARNFSS Inan upttHlateworU - fe\
(M ' ' rt »\ " t Oo man i jjte manner. mli\
Vjjjj He carries all kind of Harness and |§/
H supplies in the line. Also, H
■ Buggies, Carriages & Carts 1
\ Carriage Trimming a specialty. ja23 I
FIRE INSURANCE
Insure your property
in the
PHOENIX ♦ OF ♦ LONDON
One of the oldest and most reliable
companies in the world. Establish
ed in 1782. It has paid many mill-
ions of dollars in policies.
Policies written In this standard
company '
ALSO IN
Providence Washington
OF CONNECTICUT
Richard Webb,
• Resident Agent, Jackson,
BLOTTING PAPER.
It 'Was Known and Used as Par Bach
as the Year 1075.
There is a pretty prevalent belief that
blotting paper is a modern invention;
that a hundred years ago it was un
known, white sand being used in Its
stead.
Blotting paper, as a matter of, fact,
was a recognized convenience of the
•Titlng desk as far back as 1C75. In
that year there was issued a book called
"Townsend's Preparative to Pleading,"
a copy of which is in the possession of
a Chicago antiquary, and this volume
contains on page 8 the following para
graph:
"Let the dusting or sanding in books
be avoided, rather using fine brown pa
per to prevent blotting if time of the
Ink's drying cannot be allowed, for
sand takes away the good color of the
ink, and," getting into the backs of
books, makes them break their bind
ing."
The sand that was used for blotting
in the past was, the Chicago antiquary
says, very clean and white and fine,
and it was called Bilver sand. It was
kept in a cruet with a perforated lid,
like a salt cruet, and thence It was
sifted over the wet writing. An odd
thing about it was that the ink never
seemed to stain it. It could be used
over and over and It remained to the
end as white as snow.
BATTLE STANDARDS.
So Ancient That Their I'se Is Men-
tioned In the Bible.
- The custom of carrying flags or stand
ards in battle dates back at least to
1490 B. C. We find in Numbers 11, 2,
that "every man of the children of
Israel shall pitch by his own standard
with the ensign of his father's house."
Each standard of the twelve tribes thus
distinguished was supposed to have
been of a color to correspond with the
stone in Aaron's breastplate which
bore the name of that tribe. Under the
generic name banner are included many
species, such as standard, ensign, pen
non, flag, etc.- These have been used
from earliest times and in all countries
to direct movements of troops.
The earliest Roman standard was
a bundle of straw fixed to the top of
a spear. This was succeeded by fig
ures of animals, such as the horse and
the boar, which soon gave place to the
eagle, the chief Roman ensign, after
ward assumed by the German and
French emperors. By every warlike
people the banner hns been regarded
as an emblem of national honor, In de
fense of which each soldier was at all
times ready to die, while banners and
flags taken from the enemy have al
ways been special trophies of victory
to which places of honor in public
buildings have been assigned.
BOOTS AND SPURS.
Qnalnt Account of Hungarian Cay-
alry In Olden Days.
A contemporary manuscript account
of the diet of Ratisbon, held in 1630 by
the Emperor Ferdinand 11. on the oc
casion of the landing of Gustavus
Adolphus of Sweden iv Germany, men
tions as a remarkable fact that the
Hungarian cavalry who rode through
the streets to the ceremonial wore their
spurs on their boot soles.
It^is difficult to credit that these
spurs were fixed on the flat of the boot,
for thus shod the horsemen could nei
ther walk nor stand, especially when
the large size of the spurs worn at the
period is considered. Probably the
writer intended to indicate that in
stead of being fastened to the heel in
the usual fashion they were made to
project from the .fore part of the mili
tary boot, which is a - portion of the
sole.
Frederick yon Raumer, who quotes
this in his "History of the Sixteenth
and Seventeenth Centuries, Illustrated
by Original Documents," passes the
matter over without comment. The
same manuscript adds that tbe Hunga
rian horses had their manes, tails and
feet painted red.
Ancient Drinking Gnilds.
It is gravely said by an authority
that the Dutch guilds, the most ancient
of worltingmen's organizations, had
their origin in the drinking guilds,
which, although they did not, as in the
case of Uie Greeks and Romans, exalt
drink to the rank of a deity, made it a
kind of^civic dignitary. These drink
guilds and drink brethren existed from
the earliest times until the latter part
of the sixteenth century, when their
excesses led to their suppression. It Is
held that men who worked together
drank together and thus formed the
primitive club which developed into the
guild.— Notes and Queries.
Hose of Olden Time.
In the very long ago hose were not
stockings as now worn, but made long
and were often drawn up even to the
Waist, and, oddly enough, had pockets
in their sides. We read, moreover, that
In the time of the Tudors and Stuarts
they were of great variety, both of
material and color, and for such as
could command the luxury were rich
ly trimmed and costly; they were often
called "nether stocks."
Useless Labor.
"Don't be afraid of making me angry
by telling me your candid opinion of
my verses, old fellow. Criticism doesn't
make any difference with me."
"I know that, my dear boy, but the
trouble is that it doesn't make any
difference with your verses either."-
New Orleans Times-Democrat.
Singular and Plural.
"Funny! There was a time when tlii>
barbers used to speak of my hair."
"You mean before you began to get
bald?" : i l
"Yes. Now they speak of my hairs/
—Philadelphia Press.
«^ § A Trial f^^l £f /* . ft *
Pl*pp! B O tt,e or Jay ne s Carminative Balsam
• • • — The Standard Remedy for Summer Complaint, Cramps, Colic, Griping Pains, Sour
■ Stomach and Vomiting, also for Dysentery, Diarrhoea or Looseness, Asiatic
Cholera, Cholera Morbus, and Cholera Infantum. JAYNE'S CARMINATIVE BALSAM has been used with
great success for 73 years. We will send Free to any person who will enclose a two-cent stamp in
part payment for the mailing, a trial sue bottle of JAYNE'S CARMINATIVE BALSAM
Write your Name, Town and State . plainly to insure your getting the same.
S^^ n .dv n «^S' when Address: DR. D. JAYNE <& SON, Philadelphia.
97000 GASH and
.. ROUND TRIP TICKETS TO
IT. LOUIS FAIR for
Apply to 25 GENTS
J. Potter & Co., ■- ■- " •
Roomi 23i 24 and 25, 115 Kcarny St.
■■ San Prtccisoo, Cal.
THE AMADOU LEDGER; JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY. AUGUST 26, 1904.
THE SNIPE'S'DRUMMINQ.
A Naturalist's Theory as to How the
Sound Is Produced.
It is disputed whether- the snipe'a
drumming— a curious noise, suggestive
of a miniature thrashing machlne^ — is
made by the bird with its wings or by
its tall or by both wings and tail.
Some recent observations incline me
strongly to believe that the tail plays,
at any rate, the more important part.
During the performance the bird flies
at a great height round and round in
a wide, sweeping circle. At intervals
he makes a sudden and rapid descent,
holding his wings partly flexed and his
tail spread to Its full extent. The out
ermost tail feather on either side points
outward at a greater angle than those
adjoining it, so that when the bird is
watched through n good field glass day
light shows between it and the next,
and, if I am right In my view, the
drumming sound is due to the rush of
air against this isolated feather. The
snipe's tail- feathers seem so puny that
It is at first diflScult to believe that
they can produce so great a result. But
if an outer one be taken— it is slightly
scimiter shaped, with the outer web
much reduced — and swung rapidly.
through the air tbe drumming noise
may be distinctly heard, though it
seems but a very faint echo of the
loud, throbbing hum that startles one
when It suddenly descends from an
ethereal height, and the small bird is
descried, hardly more than a speck to
the naked eye, circling round in wild
career and now and then swooping
headlong downward and thrilling the
air with his weird music— London Na
ture.
THE LITERARY DETECTIVE.
Hla Hunt Is One That Adda Spice to
His Reading.
There Is a certain type of literary
man who seems content to take little
part in the struggle of letters beyond
keeping an eye on his contemporaries
and pouncing down on them every now
and then to accuse them of hating
given a meaning to such and such a
word which that word should not pos
sess. It is strange that the number of
these literary detectives is not larger,
for there are few more fascinating oc
cupations than this. It lends a spice
to one's reading. The dullest book be
comes as readable as the most deftly
written novel. Certain words have tak
en to themselves meanings in the
course of time which they have no
right to possess. "Phenomenon" is a
very hardened offender. To use this
word as meaning something "strange"
Instead of something "that appears
and is visible" is to insure arrest at the
hands of the detective.. Lately the
word "temper" has been exposed.
Through long Impunity It has come to
imply bad temper, whereas, if it had
its rights, it should mean Just the re
verse. We strongly advise every one
who desires a never failing source of
amusement to read the next novel he
takes up with the eye of the detective.
Starting with the easier words, like
"phenomenon," the novice may go on
from strength to strength until before
long nothing can escape him. The ex
ercise, moreover, is not only a pleasure,
but a duty.— London Globe.
Why Wlndmilla Burned Down,
Of the production of flre by the fric
tion of wood against wood windmills
of the old construction gave on a large
scale some disastrous examples. When
the force of the wind increased the
miller was obliged to bring each of the
sails in succession to the ground in or
der to unclothe it, but when sudden
squalls came on this was impractica
ble, and tbe mill in extreme cases ran
away— that is, could not be stopped.
Everything was now done to increase
the grip of the wooden brake round the
great wheel dn the driving shaft, and
water was poured copiously over them,
but in spite of all this flames would
sometimes burst out from the intense
friction and the mill be probably
burned down as the result. The beau
tiful machinery of the modern wind
mill, by which the miller controls the
action of the sails from the interior of
the building, has reduced this danger to
a minimum.— Notes and Queries.
Memory.
There are 100 different varieties of
memory, and perhaps we cannot alto
gether choose which we will possess,
though every sort, when we have the
germs of it, may be cultivated: To
learn anything by heart the best plan
is to read a sentence and repeat it
without a book, then read the next
F-entence and repeat the two, and so
on. Repetition is of great importance,
"line upon line." More is learned and
remembered by reading through one
book twice than by reading two books
once. After a thing has been learned
it must be recalled and gone over at
intervals, or the impression will fade
away.-
Spats.
Where did spats come from? High
land soldiers wore them first. Because
of the bravery of higblanders at Luck
now and elsewhere in India during the
Indian mutiny the people of England
looked about for some way to show
their admiration. Scrutiny of the high
land dress disclosed that spats were
the most suitable for adoption, so they
were adopted and have been commonly
worn ever since.
Tlione Sireet Girls.
Drusilla— l did not see you at the
Vanblunt reception last night, dear.
Dorothy— No. I hoped to be able to go
up to the last moment, but was pre
vented. Drusilla (sweetly)— Tcs; I know
the invitations *ere limited.— St. Louis
Republic.
We all spend too much time in com
plaining that we lack * time to do
things. — Atchison Globe.
AMADOR HER <#■ Will CHICAGO INTER OCEAN
$2.50 PER YEAR
Economy,
"Economy." siiid a Wyoming man.
"is always admirable. . A Cheyenne
hatter, though, was disgusted the other
day witb the economical spirit of q
visitor to his shop.
"This visitor, a tall man with jirny
hair, entered with a soft felt hat,
wrapped in paper, in bis band.
" 'How much will it cost,' he said,
'to dye this hat gray, to match my
hair?'
" 'About a dollar.' tbe hatter answer
ed.
"The tall man wrapped the hat up
again.
"'I won't pay it.' be said. 'I can get
my hair dyed to match tbe hat for a
quarter.' "
A Villain.
Lady of the Housp (to her frieii"l>— .
What do you suppose has happened?
At the last ball my Flsa mnile the ac
quaintance of a young main who was
obviously interested. He was a k'Xhl
match, so I sent him frequent invita
tions to dinner, and as I knew be was
a great gormand I employed the best
cook that was to be had. Her Friend—
And your plnn succeeded? Lady., of
the House — Well, not exactly. The vil
lain found out and married my "cook.
Modest Abbe Dellle.
It Is said that the French Abbe Delile
once had in his household a very quick
tempered relative, with whom he some
times had animated disputes and whe
sometimes went so far as to throw
books at the abbe. The abbe must
have been a person of great amiabil
ity and self control. Once,, when a
particularly large and heavy volume
was thrown at him, he caught it grace
fully and said:
. "My dear friend, I must beg of you
to remember that I prefer smaller
gifts."
Making a Sure Thing of It.
"What In the name of Jupiter hay?
you sewed up all the pockets of roy
overcoat for?" nsked Mr. Wilson.
"My dear," said Mrs. Wilson, "I have
an important letter to my milliner that
J! want yon to post."
An orator or author is never success
ful till he has learned to make hif
words smaller than his ideas. — Emer
son.
Spoiled Ills Chance.
"Yes, she rejected him because of a
bad break he made when lie was pro
posing to her."
"What was that?"
"He told her she was 'one In a thou
sand.' She thinks she's one of the
Four Hundred."— Philadelphia Letlsov.
A Change of Dates.
Mrs." Dearborn— Were you married in
June?
Mrs. Wabash— Yes, once on the utli,
once on the Bth, once on the 10th and
another time on the 10th; but I've
switched off to October; that's my mar
rying month now.— Tonkers Statesman.
What a' Question!
Mistress— Did the fisherman who
stopped here this morning have frogs'
legs? Nora— Sure, muni, I dinnaw. Ha
wore pants.— Cornell Widow.
About the. only compliment a hus
band pays his wife is to eat her cook-
Ing, and ask her for help when he gets
Into trouble.— Atchison Globe.
LIVER
TROUBLES
gBB "I find Thedford's Black-Draught "
Igw a good medicine for liver diaeaae.
It cured my eon after he bad spent
JlOO with doctors. It is all the med-
icine I take."— MßS. CAROLINE
MARTIN, Parkersburg, W. Va.
';> If your liver does not act reg-
ularly go to your druggiet and
secure a package of Thedford's
Black-Draught and take a dose
tonight. This great family
medicine frees the constipated
bowels, stirs up the torpid liyer
and causes a healthy secretion
of bile.
Thedford's Black - Draught
will cleanse the bowels of lm- V - ;
purities and strengthen the kid-
neys. A torpid liver invitei
colds, biliousness, chills and
fever and all manner of sick-
ness and contagion. Weak kid-
neys result in Bright 's disease
which claims as many victims .
. as consumption. A 25-cent
Backage of Thedford's Black-
'raught should always be kept
in the house.
"I -used Thedford's Black-
Draught for liver and kidney com-
Rlaints and found nothing to excel '
;.»-WILLIAM COFFMAN? Mar-
blebead, 111.
THEDFORD'S
BLACK-
DRAUGHT
'_
|||W«ather
•/JsSlfJ '/ / 1» no hindrance to the
" lil~\.--\ r t rider who weara
I|M SAWYER'S
V? (/ ' w) EXCELSIOR BRAND
VW, /^ POMMEL SLICKERS
1 / 1 /t/yt/ / Man or saddle can not get wet.
' I A3Y'/ EXCELSIOR BRUNO
L // '/ / OIIED CLOTHING
f •/// '(, For all kinds of work,
• ' (A / Warranted Waterproof.
' /'(/ Look for trade-mark. {l/jP^x\
I \Cj^ii-J If not nt dealers, write PIE'S 9NI
/7£G*fc, H.»-Snwjer*S.ii,,Sol«Jirr.. y^SoSt!/
A X\t \\ ■' Kee P them in the house. l
/% \7A#^C V*\ IIC Take one when you feel bil-
ii y V/l £51. lHo iousordizz y- They act di-
I <* rectly on the Hver.asjir££lfc|
Want your moustache or beard R||O!(lNOrlAM'<t JIYF
abeautiful brown or rich black? Use 5^5? ASS,S MHI A J2AE
Rooms: ; : v. Yard: 6th & Irwln Sts.
603-604-GO5-606-607 Jn&i&^^fffik.
fflSyir j<lf^&.s% Lumber Phone 19
Claus Spreckels B'ldg M^iplt^J^Sfe
SAN FRANCISCO. Bli^^lH OO 1 "^ 00 Pllle.
xe.ephonc: f^V h>fif^jS9 Cedar and
Private Exchange 279 S^- yj "-^^rS/ WBA r» i .
"'s^/^JaKP^f Redwood
#■ %c Lumber
mcbl3 ' ( Incorporated ) „ v ... . .
Rough or Worked
WE GIVE SPECIAL ATTENTION TO THE MINER'S REQUIREMENTS IN
MINING LJ .1 52R AND TIMBER/; Delivered to any destination desired.
■- :Jpi ii HETTLE : ' :
-4»MJ PROPRIETOR OF fc^u-
CENTRAL * MARKET"'
Fancy Groceries. Fresh Fruits, Vegetables
FINE ASSORTMENT OF TEAS AND COFFEES.
FRESH FISH EVERY THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Drop in and Compare Prices and be Convinced that You .can
Save Money by Trading With Me.
JACKS O^T - - - CAI/.
Ii; AMADOR LEDGER * WEEKLY CHICAGO INTER-lAN
■: $2.50 PER YEAR-—-
1 *
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION-^
A /Hade From SELECTED WHEAT
|f Blended According to Our Own Formula .
M Producina Per'«>ct Results artd glfi
A Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
il^wVWti Palate ' s Touch amf
•— PIONEER FLOUR MILLS. SAGRfIIEKTO — •
I JjkgL LIVERY * STABLE
3 r J f'*^*^jfljfr fe * O'NEILL & PODESTA, PROP'S.
I Transient Customers given the very best of attention.
S Telegraph and Telephone Orders Promptly
S;; .'■ ;V;, Attended to. Phone Main 383.
J Four-iu-HaDds, Surreys, Pole and Single Buggies, Saddle Horses.
5 MAIN STREET, JACKSON - - - CAL.
| MIDVALE DRILL STEEL
£ FOR SALE BY : — -•
i^» E. 6INOCCHIO & BRO. General Merchandise, Jackson, Calif.
L. OETTINGEtt S. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutter Creek. Cal.
'"'■ ' ■ il''';i 1 '''; ,■-'■' ■ : ■;•. ' ■"' ->-. '. • - '■; "-; I- -."i "
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest aod most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call tbe attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
(act that we keep constantly on hand a large
and complete .stock of bar, refined and Norway
i-on, gas pipe, gas Uttings, etc., which we will
sell at the LOWEST CASH PRICES.
TO THE UNFORTUNATE
lft^~C^^.sJiHlffl This old Tellable and
feifflP^i *"^^^rajS c ' al '. st ia San Francis-
JSSPI I \i. 4iMjf'<l coatillcoutlnucstociire
lift rk L «fc^sffff r a " Sexual an d Seminal
aS^'f^JMrfsfcfisvVM} Diseases, such us Glion-
Stricture,
Syphilis in all its forms
skln uiseases ' Nervous
|*^OMH B B@gjP&W Seminal Weakness, and
W-,ViS««m.vß\\v\« Logg 0 , manhood, the
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counte-
nance dark spots under the eyes, pain in the
head, ringing in the ears, loss of confidence,
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitation
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and back,
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs,
consumption, etc.
DR. GIBBON has practiced in San Francisco
over 40 years, and those troubled should not
fail to consult him and receive the benefit of
his great skill and experience. The doctor
cures when others fail. Try him. Cures guar-
anteed. Persons cured at home. Charges reas-
onable. Call or write. _
DR. J. F. Giruon, 629 Kearney street, San
Francisco. Cal.
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA.
Boarding and Day School conducted by the Sis-
ters of Notre Dame (Namur). Founded in 1856
Tbe curlculum embraces all the branches of
a solid English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses In art, language and music.
For further information address
aplO-tl SISTER SUPERIOR.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Imported and Domestic
Wines4iquors*Cigars
JACKSON ...CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon, White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros.,
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries: Royal Wine
Company, Oporto. Port Wines; Dubos Freres,
Bordeaux, Clarnts and Sauternes; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ited, Walkerville. Ontario, Canada: Johnde
Kuyper&ZooD, Cotterdam, Gin; Gilka Kuem-
mel, from J. A, Gilka, Berlin; Barthloomay
Brewery Company. Rochester, N. V,; Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness'
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London); Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ale; Naglee Brandy; Reimported American
Whiskies.
MINERS' HEADQUARTERS
Tarn & Marenzi's
MAIN STREET, JACKSOD.
EVERYTHING •
In the line of Wearing Apparel used
by a Minor can be found at our Store.
We make a spoclalty of Gents' Fur-
nishings as 'well, and our prices are as
low as the lowest.
Sole Agents for the Mercantile
' Tailoring Co. of Chicago.
Jan 8
"RICHARD WEHB
United States Commissioner
JACKSON. CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other tilings;
taking of Unal proofs 'and all other Land
Business. .
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
Agent for Phoenix Assurance Company of
London, and Washington Providence- Fire In
surance Companies. ie22tf
lIHIIBMHI— BWBHI II IHJIIHi^I HMlMiKTffl i'sS3iAlkWab^:^»iafa^~~^
Grove's Tasteless Chill Torac
has stood the test 25 years. Average Annual Sales over One and a Half Million
bottles. Does this record of merit appeal to you ? No Cure, No Pay. 50c*
Enclosed with every bottle Is a Ten Cent, package of Crcrve's Black Root* liver Pißs* .
THE SKYLARK'S SONG
AN ASTONISHING FEAT FROM MANY
POINTS OF VIEW. .
Not Alone Is It a Wonder of Melody,
Tone and Quality, but Its Volume
Is Astounding and Its Circumstance
of Utterance a Physical Marvel.
For. its music alone the song of the
lark Is almost the most melodious of
any bird's. . The tone and quality are
admirable and the volume of sound as
tonishinc. It can be heard clearly
when the lnrk has mounted, as It
sometimes does, beyond recognition by
normal eyesight. The volume of sound
is also most noticeable when a caged
lark Is heard, singing as it. does far
nearer to the hearer than the bird in
the sky. But apart from the quality
and music of the song the circum
stances in which it is uttered render
it an astonishing feat.
Every other considerable songster is
quite aware that singing -entails much
physical effort. Consequently It takes
care to secure a good platform to sing
from. A thrush or a blackbird or a
robin nearly always selects a top shoot
or projecting bough, preferably a dead
one, on which it sits and sings, never
moving its position, and without any
objects round it to hinder the carry of
its voice. The blackcap and nightin
gale and some of the warblers sit in
a bush to sing, but the whitetnroat
and even the hedge sparrow choose
the. topmost twig. The whltethroat
sometimes sings when descending, and
some of the pipits and the wood lark
do the same, the meadow pipit singing
a feeble little song as it makes a short
ascent and descent.
But to the strain on its lungs of long
protracted song the lark adds the great
muscular exertion of a steady upward
flight, usually carried out not by scal
ing the air in gentle circles, as in the
soaring of the larger birds, but' by a
vertical climb made by the incessant
beating of . Its wings. Wordsworth's
recognition of it as the
Type of the wise who soar, but never
roam,
True to the kindred points of heaven and
home, ":■'"*
is often almost literally correct. After
two or three spirals the bird goes up
almost as if it were drawn heavenward
by a cord, and then, closing its wings,;
descends like a falling stone to the
very point from which it rose. The
strain upon the muscles and the lungs
would be great if during all this time
it were silent. ,But it chooses to add
to the exertion of soaring that of pour
ing forth a continuous flood of sweet
notes with no intermissions or breaks
whatever.
A lark will soar and sing during a
space of ten minutes consecutively. The
rapidity with which the pectoral mus
cles are working during this period
may be Judged from the fact that the
bird makes not less than from five to
six beats of the wing per second. The
beats are usually in sets of from three
to five, the bird pausing for a moment
as if to take a fresh start after the
interval. When chased by the merlin
falcon, skylarks make their finest ex
hibitions of flight, ascending into the
air to heights which have been esti
mated as being not less than a thou
sand feet. Sometimes 'the bird uses
the same means of ascent as when it is
soaring and singing, rising vertically
by incessant beats of the wing. In the
language of. the falconer, these are
termed "mounting" larks, and their
object is to outfly the hawk directly,
shaking off its pursuit during the as
cent. Others prefer to rise by flying In
a spiral, which the falcon imitates.
Mr. E. B. Michell, in his volume on
"The Art and Practice of Hawking,"
says: "The one bird may be circling
from right to left and the other from
left to right, and neither seems to guide
the direction of its rings by atiy refer
ence to those which the other is mak
ing. It is now a struggle to see which
can get up fastest, and it is astonish
ing to see to what a height such flights
will sometimes reach. As soon as a
lark is 800 feet high it can drop, almost
like a stone, into any cover within a
radius of 200 yards from the spot Just
under It, allowance being made for the
effect of the wind. But 800 feet is not
high for a ringing flight; at least there
is nothing unusual about it. A lark
does not go out of sight until it Is
much above that height, and it is no
extraordinary thing for it to do this."
The lark seldom sings late in the day.
It can be tempted to rise In a burst of
melody for one. final ascent if the even
ing sun breaks through the clouds after
rain, but. as a rule it is silent long
before the sun has descended into the
western bed of cloud. We have Mil
ton's authority that it is up and in song
before dawn. But those who have
Heard the lark begin Its flight
And singing startle the dull night
are not easily found, though in the
height of the pairing time it may very
possibly b.e beforehand with aurora in
greeting its mate. But as a rule the
lark sings at sunrise, as the ortolan
cats. Darkness depresses it and keeps
It mute, but a gleam of sun is tbe sig
nal for it to ascend. Obviously rain
would make It most difficult for it to
Boar, both by adding to the weight .of
Us body from the moisture caught in
the feathers and by wetting the webs
of the pinions, so the lark only soars in
the dry as a rule. It is one of the most
sensitive and best of nature's weather
gauges, for when the larks begin to
sing it is almost certain that rain has
ceased- for some time, If not for the
day. It is the cock lark which sings.
William Cobbett noted that one was
Just soaring and beginning to sing
When the ben flew up and evidently
told him to stop, for she fetched him
flown again— "an instance," says Cob
bett, "of tnat petticoat government
Which Is universal."— London Standard..
> @ visit DR. JORDAN'S »«**
'ffflMuseum of Anatomy
'i WraiOci JIiESST CT. bet. 6th4 7th, S.r.Cil.
)■ IWra The Largtit of its kind io tbe World. -
1 iJljJflJ We are continually aiMing new npedmtni.
r ■Lli If Come mod learo buw vondcrfullv yon are mads
fiU B an<l hnw t0 * vuill 'i<'kness and diseai*. If 70a
i\ ft n suffer from any of {be ills of mm, come to the
m fioldcst Specialist on tbe Pacific Coast,
} DIt.JfORDAN-rRITATE IUSKAftES
Coniulution free and strict)* private. Trvmtmcnt person-
I ally or by letter. SYPHILI* tboroaghl; eradicated
r from tbe intern wltboat using Mercury.
. EVERY MAH applying to us will recede our
) honest opinion orhti complaint.
B> uiU Guarantee a POSITIVE CVRE in evert ea»«
k ice undertake, or forfeit One ThoN««n4 Itollara.
Write for Book— Philosophy of Marrlaffe,
i wail kp rat*. (A valuable bonk for men.)
f I>B. JORDAN A C 0.,1051 Market St. & F.
j ST. LOUIS !
[exposition]
|; southern ;;.;;
! PACIFIC ;;
! co;i i :
! ! St. Louis and return - $67.50 •
! ; Chicago and return - - • T2.50 <
;; Chicago & re'n from St. Loois 70.00 |
! ; St. Louis & re'n from Chicago 70.00 ;
; ; New York and return 108.50 ;
< » ' —^— i.—^ - i i
j; Sale Dates— September 1, 2, <■
1 5, 6, 7. 8. 19, 20, 28 and 29. Oc- '
< > tober 3, 4, 5, G, 19, 26, 27. ',]■
< i Going trip to be completed within 10 ! !
« , days; return limit 80 days.
< ' Stopovers in both directions within 'i !
< ' these limits. ,
J | Write to or call upon any S. P. Agent . ' ' •
J ' or T, H. GOODMAN, ! .
J G. P. A., San Francisco, Cal. • '
♦♦♦••♦»»♦••»»♦•♦♦♦♦♦»»—«
50 lbs. SUGAR I
=$I.oo=
50 lbs. Extra Dry Granulated li
Sugar for $1.00 witji a £20.00 3
General Order of yonr selection. }
You may select any kind of goods
you wish from our Store or Price 1
List, except Flonr, Sugar, Grain,
Potatoes and Coal Oil.
We carry a complete line of
Groceries, Hardware, Cutlery, '-'
Silver Plated Ware, Granite, .
Agate, Tin and Glass Ware, Oils, .
Paints. Ladies, Gentf and Child- '
ren's Hosiery and Underwear. "
Farmers, Miners, Lnmberm'ens
.and Orchardista' supplies of all
kinds.. U'-
Please name the Faper you Mir this ad in
Free Delivery within 100 milei on Gener- .
al Orders. ... '.
All Goods Guaranteed, ;
Send for free Price List. ".'
G. T. JONES & GO.
An Up-to-Date Mail Order House
2 California St., San Francisco ;
Reference— Wells, Fargo & Co's Bank . .
lilli' 11 111!
• North Main St.. Jackson, Cal. ••" >' r \*
Geo. L. Thomas & Co., Prop'rs
Dealers in all kinds of meats.- Choice
BEEF. MUTTON,
PORK, VEAL,
. LAMB, HAMS,
CORNED BEEF, BACON,
LARD, ETC.
At lowest market prices. Orders
promptly delivered. jaB
•••••••••••••••••••wmmm
I UNITED STATES MAIt I
• ■•Daily Stage Line •
• Between Jackson, Pine Grove *
• and Volcano. •
• T. A. MARSINO - Proprietor •
• Leaves Jackson daily at 8:30 a. m. •
• Arrives at Fine Grove aDout 9a. m , and •
• at Volcano about 9 :30 am. 0
• Makes connection with the stage leav- •
• ing Volcano for Defender every Monday, •
• ' Wednesday and Friday. • •
m Leaves Volcano dally at 2p. m.,'ar- 5
Z riving at Fine Grove at 3 p. m , and !
J . Jackson at 5 p. m. ' J
« Best service la Aiumlnr County. •>
• Prompt delivery of packages a J •":
• specialty. •
• Fare— Jackson to Volcano 11.50; Jack- •
• son to Pine Grove 11.00. Round trip •■
• to Volcano $2.50. •
2 Offices— National Hotel, Jackson, aod i
0 , FostolUces Fine Grove and Volcano. S
9 marS 5
••••••••a •••••••••••••••••
GOTO THE ■» "'
AMADOR BAKERY
A. DAL PORTA & CO., Prop'rs.
WHEN YOU . DDF AII
WANT FEEBH ? DHIA Lf.
We also keep a large stock of
Staple and Fancy .
* GROCERIES. *■
Our Prices will suit you.
Our Specialty— Fresh Bread each day except
Sunday. j;iH
If You Want
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made From Pure Hops
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. my=!9