Established November i, 1855.
LAWYERS.
rpAHOB * TAItOR
Attorneys at Ijxvr — -
Stoll Building, Sacramekto, Cal.
Special attention given to applications for
United States Mineral Patents and Land and
Mining litigation.
DI». SPAGNOLI
Attorney anil Cnnnsrlor at l.uu
• Jackson, Cal.
Practice in all tho States and Federal courts
Office: Spagnoli building, opposite Hall ol
Records. ' ', '•
J; v W. CALDWELL
Att-rney-at-I.KW
Jackson, Cal.
Will practice in all courts of the State,
DOCTORS.
E---K. ENUICOTT..M. U. . "; ,\:
Physician him) Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times.
■pvlt. K. V. TIFFANY
I'liyHlclan and Sargeuu
. . PLYMOUTH, CAL.
Office — Forrest House. Hotms^S to 9 a. m ,
and 1 to 2 and 7 to 8 p. in.
Telephone Main 41.
- ."
T-VR. li. K. PHILLIPS
*. - . Phygicittu and Surgeou
JACKSON CAL.
Office— Weil & Renno Building. Residence,
north Main street, opposite California
Hotel.
, . Telephone No. 401.
jyU. A. M. GALL
;V*: Physician and Snrgeou
Jackson. Cal
Office in Marelia building, Main Street ■
£)R. E.V. LONI6O
IFrom the Medical School of Florence (Italy)
A graduate besides from the Medical Depart-
ment University ot the State of California,
apd. ex-Surgeon to the City Receiving Hospi-
tal of San Francisco, begs leave to inform
you that he has oponed his office in the town
OMackson, Kay's building, formerly Dr. Rob-
ertson's office, where all who call will be an-
swered day and night
General Surgery & Obstetrical attendance his
spetrraTttes. • Telephone No. 467.
■pijt/J. H. O'CONXOIt
Physician anil surgeon
Formerly of Roosevelt Hospital and Vander-
bllt Clinic, New York City.
Office and residence opposite th« Methodist
Church.
V SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
' . :-""'-.; DENTISTS.
-*"|lt- C. A. II UK KICK
— DENTIST
JACKSON. CAL.
Office in Kay buiiaing. Hours from 9 a. m. to
S p. m. .
'•*'-- _ :
T-VR. JOHN A. DELUCCIII
DENTIST --'I
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office Hoces:— From 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
|ONE DAY ONLI !|
H Don't miss this chance to have your i
I fifip (© (ir \n® n H/H n fti (P ffife up Wk IP ff 1
1 ilia |i|i f|f| irapll Pigii 1
j| By One of the Celebrated Eye Specialist of the l
X . Who have Stores in San Francisco, Sacramento, Oakland and Stockton, H
H Our Practice is limited to the Eye exclusively. " i
i We Especially invite persons whom other opticians have failed to satisfy to call and 1
uQJIJjI • i r t: » 5 *•■■--. ■< J■' lull 111
m get examined free. m
1 Our References are over five hundred satisfied spectacle wearers in Amador County j
fl and over one hundred thousand satisfied spectacle wearers in California. jj
fl Our Prices. Being manufacturers, no optician can make glasses for lower prices H
H than we can. B
I Our -I Visits are made regularly about every six weeks. I
I At Boydston's Pharmacy, Jackson one day only Wednesday, Oct. 12th m
The Amador Ledger.
Icon Subject*.
Icons may represent anything from
the figure of a saint to a historical
scene, such as a martyrdom. Often
they take the form of a diptych or a
triptych or a polyptych crowded with
angular or diminutive figures of saints
or miniature scenes from the life of the
Virgin or some other Biblical person
age. From the number of scenes con
tained j in these objects the peasants
came to call them "churches," for there
were not more pictorial representations
within the church itself. Such icons
may be of brass or of carved boxwood,
being sometimes ornamented with en
tmels. " : "\
Durability of Ivory.
The durability of ivory is proved by
the fact that billiard balls, which foi
the sake of curiosity have been made
of well preserved mammoth ivory un
doubtedly many thousand years old,
were played with for several months
by experienced players without its be
ing noticed that the balls were not
made' of fresh ivory. .Mammoth ivory
is, as a rule, not as tough as fresh
Ivory. i
Source of Discontent.
"Then you don't believe in higher ed
ucation for women?"
"Certainly not. I think It's a shame
to even teach 'em how to read. If 0
woman couldn't read the bargain ad
vertisements she wouldn't be so unhap
py over the lots of things she can't af
ford to buy." — Catholip Standard and
Times,
FEMALE
WEAKNESS
64 1 1-2 Congress St.
Portland, Maihb, Oct. 17, 190».
I consider Wine of Cardui superior
to any doctor's medicine I ever used
•nd I know whereof I speak. I suf-
fered for nine months witn suppressed
menstruation which completely proE-
tra tad me. Pains would shoot tnrongh
my back and sides and I would have
blinding headaches. Mr limbs woulil
swell np and I would feel so wenk 1
could not stand up. I naturally felt
discouraged for I seemed to be beyond
the help of physicians,- but Wine of
Cardui came as a God-send to me. I
felt a change for the better within a
week. After nineteen days treatment
I menstruated without suffering the
agonies I usually did and soon became
regular and without pain- Wine of
Cardui is simply wonderful and I wish
that all suffering women knew of its
good qualities. *
Treasurer, Portland Economic League
Periodical headaches tell of fe-
male weakness, t "Wine of Cardui
cures permanently nineteen out of
every twenty cases of irregular
menses, bearing down pains or
any female weakness. If you are
discouraged and doctors have
failed, that is the best reason in
the world you should try Wine of
Cardui now. Renumber that
headaches mean female weakness.
Secure a $1.00 bottle of Wine of
Cardui today. , ■
> ' t
WINE or
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY. CAIiIJbOIINIA, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 30, 1904.
THE WHITE HOUSE.
President Madlaon's Part In Thw
Naming: the Bxccntlve Manxloii.
Just how the White House curve tc
be so designated is a question on wliieL
historians differ. A local historlnn in
Washington .thinks that the bunion ol
proof tends to jjive credit for the nanif
to President Vadison.
The structure was made of Potoinat
river freestone, 11 ml the cnpftol propel
was built of the pame ctone. At thf
time the British burned the executive
mansion they did a lot of other dam
age, and the country was pressed foi
money to repair tho same. The walls
of the mansion were only slightly dam
aged, other than being blackened by
smoke. Honey was scarce, and con
gress made an appropriation to hare
the outside of the house painted. White
was selected as the best color. Madison
In a letter to a personal friend wrote:
"Come in and see me at any time. You
will always find me in at the. White
House."; , ' :-.L< ."-" -
The executive mansion may have
been called Jhe White House before
that time, but this investigator saye
that he hae never been able, to find any
record of it If Madison did not offi
ciate at the christening it has been
emphatically stated by the historian
that he took a prominent part In pub
lishing the fact that the White House
was to be the name of the mansion.
Up to the time of President Madison
the executive mansion, which Is the
legal name for it, was generally spo
ken of as the president's house, bui
since then it has been known by its
permanent name of White House.
There is a difference between being
busy and being Industrious.
LUCOT & FORD
"^y
PRACTICAL HORSESHOERS
i) MAIN STEEET, JACKSON JS>
*f| NEAE NATIONAL HOTEL jf'
Particular . attention paid to Interfering,
Stumbling, Over-reaching. Cross-Firing, Quar-
ter Cracks, and all jQjpe'ffectipns of the Foot.
Buggy and Carriage Work Prompt-
ly Done,
■W Agents for Buggies, Carts and other
vehicles at lowest prioes,
ALL WORK GUARANTEED.
CHAEOES SEASONABLE.
janl-tf TELEPHONE 401.
• •
:A. Malatesta :
I "Z.BAKERY •
• SUTTER CREEK, CAL. •
J BEST KAMILY GROCERIES *
• French and American Bread, Pies, •
• Cakes, Cookies, etc. J
J Wagon visits Jack- on on Tuesday, *
5 Thursday and Saturday of each week. 0
0 sep2 0
•••••••••••••••••••••••••A
HALL, LUHRS & CO.
Our Taste
Tomatoes
fi^Just solid pack. |
I Early in seasontperfect I
1 color— fine flavor. B
\ Hall, Li*hr» «X Co. If
• WboleMk OroteA . f
Saoraflt***t<»
NOTICE OF ASSESSMENT.
THE STANDAnD ELECTBIC COMPANY OF CAU-
■ FOHJUA.
Location of priLcipal place of business, San
Francisco. California. Location of works,
Eleclra, Amador County, Califoruia.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
a meeting of the Board of Directors, held
on the lath day of September, 19U4. an assess-
ment of Ten ($10.00) Dollars per share was lev-
ied upon the capital stock of the corporation,
payable immediately in United States gold
coin to the Secretary, at the oltice of the Com-
pany, sixth floor, Rialto building, San Fran-'
Cisco, California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on Friday, the 21st day of
October, |!itn, will be delinquent and advertis-
ed for sale at publip anction; and unless pay-
ment is made before, will be sold on Saturday,
the 42th day qf November. 1(104 to pay the delin-
quent assessment, together with costs of ad-
vertising and expenses ot sale.
By order of the Board of Directors.
C. W. CONLISK. Secretary.
Office— Sixth floor. Rialto Building, Sun Fran-
cisco, California., ge]>i23-td
.Notice of Assessment. ■
DEL MONTE MINING AND MILLING COMPANY.
Location of principal place of business, Jack-
son, Amador county, California.
Location of works. Railroad Flat Mining Dis-
trict. Calaveras county, California.
■VT OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
Jl_T| a regular meeting of the Board of Direct-
ors, held on the eth day of September, A. D l'.wi,
an assessment of Uve cents (sc) per share was
levied upon the subscribed capital stock of the
corporation, payable immediately in Uuited
States coin, to the Secretary of the said Com-
pany, at his office in the Marelia Building on
Summit street, in Jackson, Aina,dqr county.
California.
Any stock unon vrhiuli this assessment shall
remain unpaid oq the 10th day of October, 1904,
will be declared delinquent aud advertl-scd for
sale at public auction, and uuloss payment is
made before, will be sold on Monday, the 7th
day of November, 1004, to pay the delinquent
assessment, together with the cost of advertis-
ing and expenses ot sale.
By order of the Board of Directors
JAS. JAY WRIGHT, Secretary.
Office in the Marelia Building on Summit
Street, Jackson, Auiador couulv California
Utah Alfalfa M
Simples and Quotations on Application.
Catalogue of VEGETABLE and
FLOWER SEEDS— Free
WRITE FOR A COPY
TRUMBULL & BEEBE
Seedsmen & Nurserymen
419-421 Sansotne St. §M Franplspf
LIES THE MAPS TELL
NOT ABOUT LOCATION, BUT IN THE
MATTER OF NAMES.
For Instance, Greenland Isn't Green
• by Any Means, Nor Is the Black
. Sea Blarlc— The German Ocean ;lsnf
German, and It Isn't an Ocean.
./"j. In : few places will you find more
healthy, robust lies to the square Inch
than an average map, and this Is the
document that is dally placed in the
hands of our young.
■i ßegin' vp i north and take Greenland.
; Was there ever a more flagrant impos
ture than the name of this country?
It isn't green and never was green and
never will be green." Here is what the
gazetteer says about this ''fcreen" coun
try:
i is high and rocky and barren. ; It
Is^covered with eternal snow and gla
ciers. % July Is the only month in which
there is no snow." There's a picture ol
greenness f or you! •-:';£
How did it- get called green? Well,
by an unscrupulous falsehood on the
part of a tenth century reprobate
called Eric the Red of Iceland. This
ancient shark accidentally ran against
the Ice patch in question with a few
other Icelanders of his own kidney.
He cut back to Iceland and "boomed"
it for all he was. worth.
He called it Greenland and to delude
the Iceland investors and genera] pub
lic said it was a wonderful green coun
try, which he wished them to visit
with their families and take shares In
some mines he had discovered. Well,
some of the deluded creatures went
They never returned to good old Ice
land any more.
But there are plenty of equally gross
Impostures. Take the Black sea, for
instance. Why black? Who said 11
was black? It Is no more black than
it Is pink or purple. The ancients call
ed it the "Euxlne"— which means "in
hospitable"—sea. That was another
good old fiction. It Is not at nU an la*
hospitable sea, for, haying no tides, it
is one of the easiest to navigate. Now
and again there are big storms, just to
give the sea a realistic touch, but gen>
erally speaking it isn't black, and it
isn't inhospitable. •
The Cape of Good, Hope} Good
Hope, indeed,', AeH anybody who has
been round that promontory what they
think of it. The only "good hope" they
experience is a good hope that they
will soon get ashore, for it is one of
the. roughest and stormiest places
known to mariners. What we should
call a cyclone on the North sea would
be smiled at round the cape as a bit of
breeze. The gentleman who called it
Cape, of Good Hope.-^as. v crude sort
of humqriat,. \jie,'tnade his money in
the. king business, styling himself John
11. of Portugal. His faithful subject
Diaz discovered It andTtoW his majesty
that he had colled Jt the "Stormy
cape," But the king would have none
of It He said that be hoped Diaz
would find something else round the
other Bide next time he went to the
cape, so he called it Cape of Good
Hope.
Why the Dead sea? The locality
may be as dead as a doornail,' but tfce
sea itself is pretty lively, It is the
saltest piece of water, on the face of
the earth, ten, times as, salt na the
ocean." Of- course there, is no particular
vegetation roundabout, and the sea la
free from monsters, but that doesn't
make the sea itself dead. It is really
a most live sea.
Why English channel? It's no more
English than it's French. The French
themselves don't call it English at all,
but simply "La Manche." ■ •
Then was ever a rnqr-e absurd name
given to that bit of water which sepa
rates England from Holland, called
the German ocean? Why German?
There's nothing German about it and
never has ] been. Dutch, Belgian or
British, if you like, but not German.
Then why ocean? It is not an, ocean at
all. There is a piece of water that size
between, Australia and Tasmania, if
anything rather wider, which they call
a strait— Bass strait Just fancy the
absurdity of teaching the child mind to
think that crossing to Ostend. ox Ant>
werp Is an bcea,n trip.
Jforth sea, too, is absurd. Why north?
It is not north of anything In particu
lar. It is east of Britain, west of Hol
land, Belgium and Denmark and. south
of Norway and, Sweden. It is not a
rtqrtjj sea at all.
There are some islands in the Pacific
—why Pacific, by the way? Where
does the peace come In on that deso
late, typhoony, billowy, tidal wavy wil
derness called the Friendly islands?
Look at the encyclopedia's version of
their friendliness: "They are volcanic,
and earthquakes are frequent. Islands
are frequently upheaved. Hurricanes
are constant" Then the friendly na
tives.! The sole reason the islands were
called Friendly is because when Cap
tain Cook visited them he found the
natives had not got any arms. So they
were friendly. No doubt! But when
the missionaries tried to convert them
they had a different tale to tell. For
thirty years they endured "a perilous
struggle with the savage paganism of
the inhabitants."
I could call your attention to dozens
more of cases of monstrous mendacity
on the part of the map. But the editor
has Just taken away my atlas.—Pear
son's Weekly.
Clubmen's Real Worries.
McJigger — Here's a rather clever lit
tle book, "Don'ts For Clubmen."
Thingumbob— Huh! It isn't the "don'ts"
that worry clubmen; it's the dues.—
Philadelphia Press.
Ever notice how quickly you caa
pick out the man who takes up your
time and with, whom you never do
any business?— Atchlson Globe.
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street. Jackson
Dealer In—^'s ■
fIHRICMI WATCHES, CLOCKS JEWEIRY*
AND SILVERWARE
** All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watches, Clocks and Jewelry a
speel»lt T .
We represent TEE RED FRONT -»- Our __^
¥ BELRSCOE HIIRRIS CO. Jackson's _..*. READY MADE CLOTHES
IISSI CHEAPEST -DRY GOODS -STORE ppPK
idiiors to tne traae. \ | Jackson or elsewh c
KEEP I CLOSE WATCH
Next W"eek's Ad.
WILL TELL SOME INTERESTING
BE— ON=THE=LOOK=OUT
COURTSHIP IN FRANCE.
Lovemaklno; Begrlns After the Wed-
ding Bella Have Rang.
The word "courtship"' has no equiva
lent in tho French tongue, because the
thing itself does not exist Stolen
tete-a-tetes, even furtive kisses, may,
of course, fee Indulged In, but only un
der a modified chaperonage, the hall
shut eye of parents or guardians. No
young French lady would be permitted,
for instance, to undertake a cycling ex
pedition with her future husband. Still
less could she take train with him for
the purpose of visiting relations In the
country were the journey of half an
hour's duration only. Lovemaking be
gins with the honeymoon.
For centuries, alike in the humblest
as well as the highest ranks, matrimo
nial settlements have kept family pos
sessions together |n France— and en
riched village, notaries!
>?q - sooner was serfdom abolished
than the peasants followed bourgeois
example, dowering their daughters and
securing the interest of their sons by
law. In provincial archives exist mqny
of these documents, the rustic bride's
portion consisting of furniture, clothes,
money and sometimes cattle or a bit
of land. The archives of the Anbe
contain the marriage -contract of a
skilled day laborer (ruanouvrier) and a
wido\y whose property was double that
of his own. The deed secured him
joint enjoyment and ownership. I can
not here, of course, enter into the in
tricacies of the French' marriage laws.
There Is the regime dotal, which safe
guards the dowry of the wife. There Is
the regime do la communaute, which
makes >vedlock strictly a partnership
a* far as Income and earnings are con
cerned. And there are minute regula
tions as to the provision for children
n:-d widows. The latter nre always
sacrificed to the former.— Oornhill.
$ cents
Eight cents a pound is
what a. young woman paid for
twelve pounds of flesh.
She was thin and weak and
paid one dollar for a bottle of
Scott's Emulsion, and by tak-
ing regular doses had gained
twelve pounds in weight before
the bottle was finished.
Eight cents a pound is
cheap for such valuable ma-
terial. Some pay more, some
less, some get nothing for
their money. You get your
moneys worth when you buy
Scott's Emulsion. r
We will' send you a little
free.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, '
u>9 Pearl Street, New -York.
50c. and $1.00 ;. all druggists.
UNION HOUSE
nrucnn
1 hfuvndviii
• Amador Co.
Meals to Order at all Hours
REGULAR MEALS 25 CTS-
Board and Lodging by the Day,
Week or Month.
Frank Simcich - - lel9 - - Prop
SEQUELS TO STORIES.
Km a Rule They Are Hot as Good aa
the Earlier Books.
The question of sequels was nnder dis
cussion in a literary gathering the oth
er day, and the consensus of opinion
was decidedly against them. It was
even roundly maintained that no se
quel had ever been a success from the
literary point of view. Some one de
murred and suggested "Paradise Re
gained," but that suggestion, greeted
with a burst of laughter, practically
determined the argument "Paradise
Regained" was a distinct falling off
from "Paradise Lost" It might even
be declared a dignified, diurnal failure.
No; Milton's sequel was no 'exception
to the rule.
■ If there be a rule, are there any ex
ceptions that prove it? Stevenson's
"Catriona" was not up to the level of
"Kidnaped." Mr. Anthony Hope wrote
a better book in "The Prisoner of Zen
da" than he did In "Rupert of Hent
zau." Wise authors never undertake
sequels. Once upon a time Mr. Rider
Haggard was tempted to adventure a
sequel to "She," but repented at dis
cretion. It Is altogether a different
matter when successive books include
the same character. Thackeray used
that trick in "Pendennis" and "The
Newcomes," but in no sense Is the lat
ter a sequel to the former. In a way
Thackeray's novels may be said to
constitute a chain right down from
"Esmond." The links subsist, but
there Is no continuity of narrative
which defines a sequel proper.
He who will may compare the re
spective merits of Zola's -"L'Assom
molr" and "Nana." There does not ap
pear to be, much to choose between
them, but undoubtedly the earlier book
has been more popular. Zola's habit,
as is well known, was to keep the same
families In his various treatises, for to
him they were specimens of natural
history and mightily portentous. Con
trast with Zola our immortal Fielding,
who began one of his novels by way of
a parody of Richardson. It would be
interesting to collect into one volume
the stories of the masterpieces. Id
what circumstances were the great
books of the world written? Think of
Dumas pere and his firm of assistants!
Well, Pope preceded him and farmed
out his translation of Homer. That
was a conscienceless thing to do. A
work of art is not a contractor's job.
But then Pope's Homer was not a
work of art. But Dumas! Grub street
lies in Paris too.— London Mail.
A Japanese Shrine.
A romantic custom of the Japanese
is described in the "Kokoro"of Lafcadlo
Hearn. It is narrated that those who
nre anxious for the safety of absent
ones repair to the mountain of Dake
yama to perform a singular rite. There
Is a shrine at the summit to commemo
rate a princess of antiquity who daily
watched hopelessly until she pined and
died, when her body was changed into
stone. One who looks with the eyes
of a believer still sees the princess on
Mount Dakeyama In the shape of a
perpendicular rook. Before her shrine
are heaps of pebbles, and those who
ascend to pray for the safe home com
ing of one they lore take a pebble
awny with them as a talisman. And
when at last reunited with the beloved,
another pilgrimage is made to the
shrine on Dakeyama to replace the
pebble, with a handful of others, in de
votional graUtude. '
Carlyle'a view of Maranlay.
In one of his letters Carlyle says of
Macaulay, the historian: "We have had
Macaulay for two days. He -was a
real acquisition ■while he lasted and
gave rise to much good talk, besides an
immense quantity of Indifferent, which
he himself executed— a man of truly
wonderful historical memory, which ha
has tried in really extensive reading
and has always lying ready, with thla
or the other fact, date or anecdote on
demand; in other respects constantly
definable as the sublime of common
place, not one of whose ideas has the
least tincture of greatness or original
ity or any kind of superior merit ex
cept neatness of cxprtariqa."
Five Cents Per Copy.
One of Them For the Company.
A well known "comedian celebrated
for his eccentricities boarded a street
car the other day and duly paid his
fare upon demand. After riding a block
or so farther he produced another nick
el and tendered the same to the pass-
Ing conductor.
The honest conductor refused the
proffered coin, while 'the actor vehe
mently protested his desire to pay his
fare.
. "You have given me your fare al
ready," argued the man in uniform.
"I know," responded the comedian,
"but this is for the company."
Every one laughed excepting the dis
comfited conductor, who had omitted
to register the first collection.— New
York Times.
Your Dear Old Mother.
Xoung man, did you ever put your
arms around your dear old mother, who
has loved and cared for you, and tell
her that you love her and are grateful
for the tears she has shed and the
prayers she has offered for you? She
may think that you love her without
your assuring her that you do, but It
costs you but little effort to tell her,
and your words may bring more Joy
and sunshine to her heart than you
ever dreamed of.— Exchange. '
A Wonderful Memory.
Miss Antique— l remember, when I
was a little tot I could play several
pieces on the piano by ear. Miss Snap
pey—How very remarkable! Miss An
tique—That I could play by ear? Mlgs
Snappey— No, dear. That you can re
member it
Shifting- the Dosed Identity.
"Beg pardon. I thought you were
some one else."
"Oh, no; I'm all right It Is you Tfho
are some one else."— lndianapolis Jour
nal.
Nothing can bring yon peace but tin
triumph of principles.— Emerson.
Saw Himself.
"Honest, now, Jones, did yon see a
burglar In your room when yon called
the police?"
"Ko. My wife had shifted the mir
ror In my room, and I didn't know It,"
••-Detroit Free Press.
j
The crown of womanhood is motherhood.
But uneasy lies the head that wears the
crown or anticipates this coronation, when
there is a lack of womanly strength to bear
the burdens of maternal dignity and duty.
The reason why so many women sink under
the strain of motherhood is because they
are unprepared.
• "I unhesitatingly advise expectant moth-
ers to use Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion," writes Mrs. J.W. G. Stephens, of Mila,
Northumberland Co., Va. The reason for
this advice is that Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription is the best preparative for the
maternal function. No matter how healthy
and strong a woman may be, she cannot
use "Favorite Prescription" as a prepara-
tive for maternity without gain of health
and comfort. But it is the women who are
not strong who best appreciate the great
benefits received from the use of "Favorite
Prescription." For one thing its use makes
the baby's advent practically painless. It
has in many cases reduced days of suffer-
ing to a few brief hours. It has changed
the period of anxiety and struggle into a
time of ease and comfort.
The proprietors and makers of Doctor
Pierces Favorite Prescription now feel
fully warranted in offering to pay $500 for
any case of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness,
Prolapsus, or Falling of Womb, which they
cannot cure. AH the World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Proprietors, of Bi'f-
fejo, N. V., ask , is a fair and reasonable
trial of their means of cure. 'THE AMADOR LEDGER
Published Fridays by
Amador County Publishing Co.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One year (in advance J2 50
One year (if not in advance) 3 00
Six months 1 35
Three months 75
One or more copies, each 10
Legal advertising— per aqr.-lst insertion. $1 00
Subsequent Insertions— per square-each. . 50
ENTERED AT THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS
SECOND-CLASS HATTER. . • :.V '.'..:'
R. WEBB - - - - Editor and Manager
FRIDAY..'. ...SEPTEMBBR 30, 1904
f. REPUBLICAN TICKET.
For President-. Theordore Roosevelt
Vice President. Chas, W. Fairbanks
TO, FIRST VOTERS.
. There are many citizens within
the limits of Amador county who
will cast their first vote at the com
ing national election. A larjje pro
portion are young ns-.-u, who have
just arrived at the voting age.
Others are naturalized citizens, who
have recently been admitted to the
full enjoyment of the rights of citi
zenship. But whether native-born
or naturalized, it behooves these cit
izens on the threshold of their voting
career to consider well the responsi
bilities and duties they are about to
assume. "With which political or
ganization shall I cast my lot," is a
question that comes home to each one
of them. To some the old argument
will be used: "You must tread in
the footprints of your parents. Your
father belonged to such a party,
you cannot do otherwise than vote
the same way." To the man who is
able to do his own thinking, this line
of reasoniug will appear anything
but satisfactory. He will want to
get back of this argument and ask
himself, "Was my father right when
he made his political home with this
or that party?" Upon the answer
returned by his conscience his course
of action will be governed, assum
ing that he is composed of that
material that impels him to act in
accordance with his judgment.
To the other class of new voters
the appeal will be made: "The bulk
of the citizens from your native land
have joined the republican or demo
cratic party, as the case may be.
You can hardly afford to choose a
different path. It is important in
order to secure political prestige
and future recognition, that the
people of your nationality present a
united front politically. Never
mind about quibbling over the issues
that divide political parties; let us
stand together, and thereby consult
our own individual interests. We
can more surely gain our proper
share of the spoils of office by pre
senting an unbroken front."
Voters do not change politics
readily. As the first vote is cast
the chances are the voter will re
main with the same party thereafter.
It requires more independence of
character to break loose from po
litical "ties that have existed for
years, than to weigh the arguments
pro and con in the first place, and
start from convictions arrived at
after careful study .-
We ask these young voters to look
into the political history of the two
great parties, and decide the matter
dispassionately and intelligently.
Let them consider what the repub
lican party has done for the nation;
the principles for which it has
fought; the mighty progress the
country has made in all the elements
that go to make up the sum total of
prosperity under its guidance; the
liberal laws it has placed upon the
statute books under the influence of
which the United States has ad
vanced as uo other nation has done
in the same space of time since the
world began. ' A party must be
judged not merely by what it advo
cates, but -the practical results of
the application of its policy. On this
proposition the republican party
asks to be judged. Leaving out of
the question the great issues in
volved in the war of the rebellion —
issues that have been settled irre
vocably in favor of the stand . taken
by the liberal party-^there still re
mains a wide field for inquiry. Dur
ing its 40 years of almost uninter
rupted rule, the population has
nearly trebled ; the wealth per capita
has also trebled. Our export trade
is about five times as large as it was
in 1856. Our imports have grown
three fold. The waste lands have
been filled up with happy and con
tented homes under the influence of
homestead laws. No political- party
has ever existed that accomplished
so, much in the same space of time.
Political opponents will try to at
tribute tfcis magic growth to other
than the true causes. Indeed,
the last democratic convention held
at St. Louis has candidly admitted
that the stand of the republican
party ou the money question has
been vindicated by the act of God in
providing gold in the earth in suf
ficient quantities to make it the sole
standard of values. What a com
pliment to the forethought and
judgment of the republican party.
If on the other hand the voter
candidly looks into the record of the
democratic party he will find that
for the past fifty years it has been
merely an organization of opposi
tion. It has been antagonistic to
every forward step taken by the
party in power which has contrib
uted to the wonderful development
of the country. The protective
tariff, the homestead laws, the
national banking system, the re
sumption of specie payment, the ex
tension of the national domain, all
were opposed as inimical to the wel
fare of the nation. Its cherished
ideas of governmental policy have
gone down in defeat. It ransacks
the.yrave of the past for its inspira
tion. What progressive measure of
any note has it championed and car
ried 10 victory within the past half
ceutury. In its last national con
vention it surrendered about every
idea for which it had previously con
tended. It has led its devotees into
the wilderness, and left them there
to shift for themselves. To cap the
climax the party leaders in. the cam
paign now on are telling the people
they need not be afraid of an in
dustrial panic in the event of Par
ker'd election, because there will be
a republican senate at any rate as
a bulwark against unwise demo
cratic legislation. This is the party
that is now appealing to be en
trusted with national affairs. Be
tween these two great parties what
intelligent first. voter will long hesi
tate before reaching a determination
to rast his lot with the republicans.
PARKER AND FREE TRADE.
There are loud wails of horror in
that pprtion of the Parker press
which looks upon tariff reform as a
sacred thing because of President
Roosevelt's flat-footed declaration
in favor of the protective system as
something so firmly established in
the minds of the American people
that it is folly to think of changing
. Well, what is Parker going to do
about it? Will he come out in favor
of immediate and radical tariff re
vision? Will he take his stand
squarely on the St. Louis platform,
which declares that "Protection is
robbery?" Will he follow the lead
of the New York Reform Club and
make that view of the tariff the lead
ing issue of the campaign?
It will be interesting if he does,
for he took occasion in his speech of
acceptance to say that he was in
favor of moderate -and deliberate
tariff reduction, but he begged to as
sure the American people that they
need have no apprehension, because
the senate would be con tiuued to be
controlled by the 'republicans for
four years longer, and the demo
crats, if put in power, could not. do
any barm anyway. " pp. the', free
trade worshippers wish proci* fcftm
into making himself ridiculous? .'-p* r
DON'T REMOVE A SHINGLE.
Under the stimulus and with the
protection of wise legislation in con
gress, inaugurated by the republican
party, the country has made great
progress in material ways in the
past ten years. It has required ten
years to bring us to our present con
dition of prosperity. The voters
must realize that a considerable por
tion of that ten years' work could
be undone, practically, in a few
moments of time required to cast a
democratic ballot for congressman
and president, if it should turn out
that a majority of the votes cast
were democratic.
Everyone knows it is easier to tear
down than to build. It is so in pol
itics as well as in physics. The
voters who have built up the repub
lican legislative structure should be
careful that they don't remove so
much as a shingle from the roof this
fall. And that admonition applies
.as well to the independent and the
gold democrat as to the republicans,
for it was through their united
efforts that a republican congress
has been maintained in power long
enough to accomplish this work.
All of which means that the wisest
course is to elect a republican house
of representatives this fall.
A. Caminetti opened his campaign
last Saturday at'Placerville. Cami
netti is a worthy exponent of the
party that tries to- fool the people all
the time. He always has some pet
ideas, with which he imagines he can
hoodwink the voters. This trip it is
Japanese exclusion, which is all very
well in its place. But why does he
not put up the barriers against un
desirable immigration from Europe?
He also advocates- a national uni
versity, and that the high schools
throughout the county be aided with
funds from the national treasury.
Just think of the raiding excursions
against the treasury surplus which
this plan would encourage. Then
be is in favor of tariff revision, in
accordance with the democratic idea
that "tariff protection is robbery."
Gillette is a safe man identified
with a sane party. Caminetti, like
the party behind him, is full of
vagaries of the wildest character
OASTOnXA.
Bean the The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature y^T , Y/V/J TTp*'-
of UC«i^77J^^^
Abraham Lincoln once said: "If
my wife buys a dress in Eugland for
$20, we have the dress and England
has the $20. If she buys it in this
country we have the dress and the
$20.'
To Care A Cold In One Say
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tab
lets. All druggists refund the money
if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's sig
nature is on each box. 25c.
New dress goods at Redlick's. .
THE A.MADOXt LEDGER: JACKSOK, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 30, 1904.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Early Risers
r THE FAMOUS LITTLE PILLS.
I For quick relief from Biliousness,
I Sick Headache, Torpid Liver, Jaun-
■ dice, Dizziness, and all troubles aris-
I ing from an inactive or sluggish liver,
I DeWitt's Little Early Risers are un-
I equalled.
I They act promptly and never gripe.
I - They are so dainty that it is a pleasure
I to take them. One to fwo act as a
I mild laxative; two or four act as a
I pleasant and elfective cathartic. They
H are purely vegetable and absolutely
■ harmless. They tonic the liver.
* ■ PREPARED OKLY BY
I £. C. DeWitt & Co., Chicago
City Pharmacy, Jackson. |
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
I The following instruments have been tiled
for record In the recorder's office since our last
report. We publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to accede to
any request to suppress any document from
these columns. Don't ask us to do so.]
DEEDS.
U. S. to Charles and George Krotcber
—Golden Gate Consolidated quartz
claim in Plymouth district, patent.
Adelena Frederickson to George
Yager—320' acres, township 6 range 10;
$3150.
Richard T. Honeychurch to Mrs.
Virginia Kuchenbeker—Lot 31 block 1,
Amador City; $10.
Mrs. Annie Carter "to Richard T.
Honeychurch—Part of lot 31 block 1:
$300.
Marie .1. Boyrie to Louis Cergneux—
Esperance mining claim, being SWJ of
SWJ 14-6-12. $10.
Marie J. Bovrie to Louis Cergneux —
120 acres, 15-6-12; $10.
Sarah A. Fry to B. S. and J. W.
Stewart—NEJ of SW} 29-8-11; $150.
F. N. Staples to T. D. M. Quinn —
Portion of lot 7 block 1, Amador City;
$10.
Rebecca Futter to Samuel J. Futter
—Part of lot 22 block 1. Sutter Creek;
$10.
C. J. Votaw to George H. Brown-
Right of way over WJ of NW} 31-8-11;
$25.
Rebecca Futter to Samuel J. Futter
—Lot on Main street, Sutter Creek;
MORTP jppc
George Yager and wife to David
Mattley—320 acres in township 6 range
10. $2750, 2 years, 7 per cent.
F. N. Staples to Louisa Gill—Portion'
of lot 7 block 1; Amador City, $700, 1
year, 10 per cent.
T. D. M. Quinn to F. N. Staples-
Part of lot 7 block 1, $1300, 2 years, 7
per cent.
MINING LOCATION.
W. H. Glenn locates North Whit
more mine, Volcano district.
ATTACHMENTS.
A. E. Speer vs. Sutter Creek Gold
Co.—Attachment of mining property
to satisfy demand of $157.
C. E." Richards vs. Sutter Creek
Gold.Co.—Attachment for $226.
Start ran Herb Garden
Fortunes in GINSENG, GOLDEN SEAL and
SENEGA, all valuable medical plants. Easily
grown and hardy tnnnmnout tbe U- S. Always
a ready market and demand increasing. Room
in your garden to grow thousands of dollars'
worth. We sell roots and seed. Plant in fall.
Booklet and magazine telling all about it lc.
Write today. OZARK GINSENG CO. -
Dep't W , Joplin. Mo.
POLITICAL CARDS.
S. W. BRIBHT
Regular' Republican Nominee for
Supervisor, Township 1.
Election '. Tuesday, November 8, 1904.
M, NEWMAN
Regular Democratic Nominee for
Supervisor, Township 1.
Election Tuesday, November 8 1904.
MORRIS BRINN
Regular Republican Nominee for
Supervisor, Township 4.
Election Tuesday. November Bth, 1904.
CHARLES LYONS 1
THE LONDON TAILOR
The Largest Tailoring Firm on the Pacific Coast I
Suits to Order from - $17.50
Trousers to Order from 5.00
Samples and Self Measurement Forms
free by mail. .
Suits delivered with privilege of exam-
ination and with a positive guarantee of
satisfaction. .
721 Market St. 122 Kearny St.
SAN FRANCISCO
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
I Globe Hotel
!: ■', *i||r :- "7 ',',
] \ NEW MANAGEMENT. ' '
< < >
!! E. M. HURST Proprietor |
i: • -^ ' ■ il-
I RATES FROM $1 TO $2 R DRY I
♦ Meals from 25c to 50c. ' '
;; j;
i Sample Rooms for Commer- 1!
! clal Travelers. . J!
< ; All Stages stop at this hotel. < '
I JACKSON CAL. |i
' | my 6 < '
♦ »♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦»»•••♦•♦»»•♦••< '
ASSESSMENT NOTICE.
Sodth Ki'ukka Mining Company.
Location of principal place of business, San
Franoisco. California. Location of works, Sut-
ter Creek, Amador county, California.
is hereby given that at a meeting of
- 1 -' tho Board of Directors, held on tho «lst day
of September. 1!»), an assessment (No. 4-2) of
Two (2) cents per .shave was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, paj T able imme-
diately in United States gold coin, to the. Sec-
retary, at the omce of >he Company. Room is,
530 California street, San Francisco, California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shnlj
remain unpaid on the -'Ith day of October,' iw'»,
will be delinquent, and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment is made lie-
fore, will l?.a said on Monday, the Uth day of
November, 1904, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with the .cost cf advertising and
.expenses of sale.
W. H. WILLIS, Secretary.
OflJce-^530 California street. Room S8; Sun
Francisco, California. yv'-t'i
A F oi'tv-Minute Visit Each to Two of
Onr Rural Schools.
To many of our readers forty minutes
would seem an insufficient timo in
which to form any rational idea of the
character of work being done by either
teacher or pupil, but to the Derson who
has spent many years of his lift) in the
schoolroom it is ample time for him to
determine to a considerable degree the
ability of the teacher to impart know
ledge and tho aptitude of the pupil to
understand the. instruction given.
Realizing as I do that no two teachers
follow out the came line or plan' of in
struction, I make it v rule upon enter
ing the school room as a visitor to lay
aside all individual methods and adapt
myself for the time being to those used
by the teacher in charge. This I did
on Monday, the 19th inst., wliorJ I en
tered the cosy little building prepared
by the citizens of New York Kanch
district as a suitable place for their
children to receive instruction at the
hands of competent teachers, to enable
them the better to go forth into the
busy world and cope successfully with
other business men and women.
School had just called after the noon
hour. Teacher and pupils had noticed
that I was on the grounds and would
probably enter in a few moments.
They did not wait for me. When I
walked in all were bu3y. The teacher
stopped long enough to greet me
cordially, ask me to be seated, ana was
off again in a moment to assist a young
ster in the back seat who seemed to be
puzzled over some difficult problem in
arithmetic. The next minute she was
helping a studious, girl in sentence
building, and in less time than it takes
to tell it she was discussing' a story
with a boy who some day may become
one of our great philosophers or in
ventors. This was continued for 15
minutes, during which time I observed
that the walls were well filled with
maps and decorated with flags and
bunting. The building was suitably
furnished, and the seats,' teacher's
desk and library case had been proper
ly cared for. The windows were clean,
and it appeared that every boy and
girl had combed his or her hair just
before entering the room. Recitations
were now in order, and it seemed to me
as though the little ones took pride in
reciting in my presence. They under
stood their work well, and if any one
expressed a doubt on any point the
teacher gave an explanation that could
be easily understood. I entered into
conversation, with the larger classes,
and found them to be readers, ob
servers, talkers* and thinkers — the
very persons" whom the public school
expects, or tries to make, of all its
pupils.
Encouraged by trustees and teacher
tho pupils had given entertainments
and fenced the lot, dug a well, "and
built a beautiful well house. Ten boys
and ten girls being taught by one, who
not many years ago was a student : in
the public school, and later a graduate
of a higher institution of learning.
Miss Daisy E. Larson may well reel
proud that she is at the head of one of
the great educational institutions' of
the state — a successful public school.
Tuesday afternoon I visited the Pine
Grov9 school, but arrived too late to
see all the pupils, as the two lower
grades had been dismissed. Thirty -
ono well dressed,- intelligent looking
boys and girls were present however,
and although tne teicher gave her en
tire attention to the recitations the
best of order prevailed. It was the
first opportunity I have had to listen
to a recitation from the newly adopted
primary geography, and the class
showed great interest in the subjects
bnder discussion. The teacher stood
ready and willing at all times to give
information independent of the text
book. *■■■;■
Tho ninth grade, consisting of five
girls and one boy, gave an interesting
recitation in civil government. The
girls all agreed that if they were ever
given the elective franchise they would
exercise it. Questions by pupils and
teacher brought out understandingly
every phase of the subject contained in
the lesson. Pine Grove will -no doubt'
have a fine graduating class in June.
Tho trustees have done their part, and
supplied tho school with many 'con
veniences. Miss Maud E. Read, the
teacher, graduated but a few years ago
from a near-by grammar school. Sho
has since taken a Normal course and is
a natural teacher. Here, are two
schools side by side presided over -by
progressive teachers, differing materi
ally in their methods of instruction, but
both accomplishing the same results.
Observer.
You Know What You Are Taking
When you take Grove's Tasteless
Chill Tonic because the formula is
plainly printed on every bottle showing
that it is simply Iron and Quinine in a
ta3teiess form. No Cure, NoPav. 50c
For Bale.
One Splendid second-hand buggy,
one upholstered cart,- and one -set .of
single harness. Prices very reasonable^
For particulars inquire of C. I). Smith;
Amador City, or at the Lodger offlce;
Of! f\M In Cattle can be prevented.
ill hi II CUTTER'S BLACK LEG VACCINE,
111 111 II California's favorite, the most suc-
l/l HI II cessful, easiest used and lowest
"■ ■ "■ • priced reliable vaccine made.
• Mn*^ Powder,stringorpiil form. Write
B ff*J|* for free Black Leg booklet,
I LI- THE CUTTER LABORATORY
■*F H V £an Francisco
M — M. If your druggist does not stock our-
hHV vaccines, order direct from us.
Timber Land Act, June 3, 187?.
Notice for Publication. '
Ukitkd States Land Office,
Sacramento, Cal., Sept. -J6, 1901.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT IN
compliunce with the provisions of the act
of Congress of June 3, 1878, entitled "An act for
the sale of timber lands in the States of Cali-
fornia. Oregon, Nevada and Washington Terri-
tory," as extended to all the public land states
by act of August' J, 11S>3, HORACE WILSON
of Volcano, county of Areador. State of Califor-
nia, has this day tiled iij this o(>ke his sworn
statement, No. ISBI, for the purchase of the N'4
of NW«, section 3>, and NE!( of NE;< of sec-
tion 31, in Township No. 8 N., Range No. 13 E
M . P. .M,, iiml will Oder proof to show that the
land sought is mpre valuable for its timber or
stone than for -agricultural purposes, and to
establish his claim to said land before Richard
Webb, U. S. Commissioner, at Jackson, Cal on
MONDAY, the sth day of DECEMBER, 18tM.
lie names as witnesses: Charles Johnson, of
Sutter Crock, Amador county, Cal. ; W. J. Rich-
ards, of Sutter Cfeek, Amador county, Cal :
G. E. Allen, of Sutter Creek, Aniadpr county
Cal.; Samuel Lessle?. of Volcano, Annular
county, Cal „
Any and all persons claiming adversely the
above described lands are requested to tile
their claims in this otllce on or before said sth
day of December, 1904.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
sep3Q-ta • Roister.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ayers
For coughs, colds, bronchitis,
asthma, weak throats, weak
lungs, consumption, take
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral.
Cherry
Pectoral
Always keep a. bottle of it in
the house. We have been
saying this for 60 years, and
so have the doctors.
■■ I hare used Ayer'i Cherry Pectoral In my
family for 40 yean. It ti the be«t medicine
in the world. I know, for all throat and liiiir
troubl-'." - . ■ '•- ■••■--=
j!i..«. .1. X: Norcrosb. Waltham, Masa.
25p..50r...*'l (Mi. j. c. atih ro.,
All drm i*'**"; fr\f ' 1 -" we11 - *'ai».
The Lungs
Dally action of the bowels is neces-
jtry. Aid nature with Ayer's Pills.
AN INFERNAL MACHINE.
Found in a Building Near ' the Rawhide
'!'■ '■.:• ■ • Mine.
■ When the work of cleaning up com
menced at the Rawhide mine last Fri
day, the workmen in a small building
under the gallows frame, who had
occasion to tear up some flooring, run
on .to something that caused their
cheeks to turn pale.
It was nothing more nor less than an
infernal conn u. ii.ye calculated if fired
to raze every building in the vicinity
and kill or maim every person who
might be near. • It was about three feet
in length, made of two pieces of gas
pipe of different dimensions, securely
joined together, and filled with dyna
mite. Officials at the mine have reason
for believing it was placed thero last
February. It is probable that arrests
will follow the discovery. — Magnet.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of t£a&ffi&Z3u&i
Timber Land Act, June 3, 1878.
•Notice for Publication.
■ ' United States Land Office,
■ Sacramento, Cad., Sept. 26, 1904.
.■XT OTICE 1S HEREBY GIVEN THAT IN
.!>( compliance with the provisions of tbe act
of Congress of June 3, 1878, entitled "An act for
the sale of timber lands in the States of Cali-
fornia, Oregon, Nevada and Washington Terri-
tory," as extended to all tbe public land states
by act of August 4, 1893, GEORGE EDWARD
ALLEN, of Sutter Creek, county of Amador,
State of California, has this day filed in this
offlce his sworn statement, No. 1863, for the
purchase of the SH of NEM and EV4 of NWM of
section No. 20, in Township No. 8 N., Range
No. 14 E.. M. D. M., and wilkofTer proof to show
that the land sought is more valuable lor its
timber or stone than for agricultural purposes,
and to establish his claim to said land before
Richard Webb. U. S. Commissioner, at Jack-
son. Cal., on MONDAY, the sth day of DECEM-
BER, 1904.
He names as witnesses : Horace Wilson, o
Volcano, Amador county, Cal. ; Charles John-
son, of Sutter Creek,- Amador county, Cal.; W.
J. Richards, of Sutler Creek, Amador county,
Cal.; Samuel Ledsley. of Volcano, Amador
county, Cal.
Any and all persons claiming adversely the
above descrihed lands are requested to tile
their claims in this offlce on or before said sth
day of December, 1904.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG, -
sep3o-td • Register.
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS' RANK
l™. — v_ — v—
.],, lOF SACRAMENTO.
Corner Fourth and J Sts.
• Paid depositors July . 1, 1904, 4 per
cent on term deposits, 3 per cent
On ORDINARY DEPOSITS . .'. . .
Accepts deposits in sums
from ONE DOLLAR to
$10,000.
Guaranteed Capital $410,000
Paid Up Capital and Reserve. . 342,500
WM. BECKMAN, PRES.
Geo. W. Lorenz, Cashier. sep3o
' ; •
Timber Land Act, June 3, 1878.
Notice, for Publication. %
United States Land Office,
Sacramento, Cal,., Sept. «6, 1904.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT IN
compliance with the provisions of the act
of Congress of June 3, 1878, entitled "An act for
the sale of timber lands in tbe States of Cali-
fornia, Oregon, Nevada and Washington Terri-
tory," as extended to all tbe public land states
by act of August 4, IKN, ANNIE E. ALLEN,
of Sutter Creek, county of Amador, State of
California, has this day tiled in this offlce her
sworn statement, No. 1862. Jot the purchase of
the \\% of NW;i, section 'JO, and E',i of J)K'4 of
section No. IU, in Township No. BN., Range
No. 14 E., M. D. M., and will offer proof to show
'that the land sought is more valuable for its
timber or stone than for agricultural purposes,
and to establish her claim to said land, before
Richard Webb, U. S. Commissioner, at Jackson,
Cal., on MONDAY, the sth day of DECEMBER,
1904.
: She names as witnesses: Horace Wilson, of
Volcano, Amador county, Cal,; Wi J. Richards,
of Sutter Creek, Amador county. Cal.; Charles
Johnson, of Sutler Creek, Amador county. Cal.;
Samuel Lesslry, of Volcano, Amador county,
Cal.
Any and all persons claiming adversely the
above described lands are requested to rile
their claims in this offlce on or before said sth
day of December. IUO4.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
sep3o-td Register.
Roosevelt — and — Fairbanks
**********
***
HON.J.N.GILLETT
Nominee for Congress, wfll address
the people at
LOVE'S HALL, JACKSON
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8,
Sutter Crkf.k .. .Monday, Oct. 10.
10nk ....,,... , ; . , . Tuesday, Oct. 11.
Come and hear him. Everybody
Welcome. Ladles Invited.
E. F. Woodward, Gao. Stomk,
Secretary. Chairman.
Republican State Committes.
AUKUM.
AUKUM, Sept. 24.
The beautiful Indian summer weather
we have enjoyed for the past few weeks
has been dampened down. A thunder
storm started in on the 21. and a gen
eral pour down continued ail eight and
a drizzling rain has continued all day.
Most of the cattle and sheep have
been driven from the mountain ranges!
All are fat and looking fine.
The teamsters are busy trying to get
their wood and logs hauled to the mines
before the heavy rains start in.
The W. C. T. U. held a mothers'
meeting at Mrs. Farnsworth's last
Wednesday. There was a good attend
ance.
Mr. and Mrs. Lewis, of San Fran
cisco, were the guests of the latter's
sister, Mrs. Win. Burns, last week.
Ruby Dillon, of Shenandoah valley,
is stopping with Mrs. Chas. Walton
and attending the Pigeon Creek school.
Hall Buckner drove his beef cattle
over to Amador to the butcher last
Saturday.
Mrs. May Cooper and sons moved to
Oleta last week, where she intends to
run the boarding house, which was
formerly run by Mr. French.
AlvenaWintler, of San Francisco, is
the guest of her aunt, Mrs. Gofflnett.
Mrs. Bolts, of Santa-Cruz, is the
guest of her sister, Mrs. Carter."'
Again death has invaded our \ quiet
neighborhood, claiming ope of our fair
daughters. Again a happy home is
broken, kjving . parents, sister and
brothers are left "behind to mourn the
loss of a true and loving daughter and
a faithful sister. On Monday, Sept.
19, after a lingering illness of nine days,
Ada Carter passed away at the Went
wortti Igo hospital at Sacramento. All
medical aid, as well as kind and . loving
care, proved of no avail. She was a
native of Knox county, Mo., coming to
this county in her early childhood'wjth
her parents. For some time pa*t she
has been working for Mrs. Williamson
at Mills Station, Sacramento county,
at which place she was taken sick, and
from there she was moved to the cit.y,
where she passed to the higher tribunal
to which we must all bow. She . leaves
a father, mother, 000 sister, Mrs.
Fannie Evans of Florin, and three
brothers, Willis, Rob^and Bennie, of
this place. She was brought from Sac
ramento and laid in her last resting
place in the Shenandoah cemetery,
this county, by the sido of her two sis
ters. The services were conducted by
Rev. Phillips of Plymouth, of whose
church she was 'a member. His sermon
was solemn and oppressive. The floral
offerings were numerous and beautiful.
The bereaved ones have the heartfelt
sympathy of this vicinity. Nome.
What's in a Name 1 !
Everything is in the name when it
comes to Witch Hazel Salve. E. C.
DeWitt & Co. of CMcago, discovered
some yeaas ago how to make a' salve
from Witch Hazel that is aspeeiflc • for
Piles. For blind, bleeding, itching and
protruding Piles, eczema, cats, burns,
bruises and all skin diseases, De Witt's
Salve has no equal This has given rise
to numerous worthless counterfeits.'
Ask for De Witt's— the genuine. Sold
by City Pharmacy.
BORN.
MOOKE— In Jackson, September 23, 1904, to the
wife of M. Moore, a daughter.
DIED. ~~
FUTTER— In San Francisco September 21,
1904, Mrs. Rebecca Futter, a native of Ger-
many, aged 46 years.
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this head, not exceed-
ing 5 lines, will be inserted at 500 per month, or
5 cents per line for less than one month.
FOUND:— A watch. Owner can have same
by proving property and paying expenses.
Call on editor of Ledger. sep3o-4t
VfEW MAP OF AMADOR COUNTY, correct-
i-N ed up to August, 1904, with townsite map of
each town, now ready. Price, mounted and col-
ored, 110 each. The map shows occupied and
unoccupied lands, mineral patents, township
and school district boundaries, location of
schoolhouses, etc. For sale only at the Ledger
offlce. The number is limited. Apply at once.
HOUSE AND LOT FOR SALE:— House of
six large rooms, Bath, pantry, clothes
closet; woodshed, chicken house and barn;
and large lot, for sale cheap, or -would lease it
on reasonable terms. Electric lights all
through house. Situated on Broadway, Jack-
son. Apply to . • "
aug36 tf WM. C. JOHNS, Jackson.
FOR SALE — Three 40-acre farms, 1 mile
from post offlce. Plenty of wood and water
Terms reasonable. Inquire at Ledger offlce.
IjiOß SALE- A35-acre gravel mine; a tun-
nel proposition. Thorough inspection de-
sired. Price reasonable. Inquire Ledger office
FOR SALE— IBO acres or land within 5 miles
of Sutter Creek. Good spring; between
two and three thousand good mining timbers,
beside 600 cords of, four-foot wood on place.
Price ITSO. Inquire at the Ledger offlce.
"VfOUNTAIN RANCH FOR SALE:-A tract
JJX. of 60 acres, situated one mile above Aque-
duct, with a six-room house thereon; also a
small barn; -JO acres cleared and fenced; quan-
tity of timber on the property. The place will
be sold at a bargain, For particulars apply to
the Ledger offlce. • mySMf
TOMEN^^-
If you are suffering, and will send us a des-
cription of your case stating age. occupation,
and the cause (if known) of your trouble we
will mail to you, absolutely FREE, in plain
package, one week's treatment of our MAN-
HOOD CONES-especially prepared. This is a
straightforward offer; no C. O. D. or other
deceptive proposition. Life's energy is in the
CONE. THE SATISFACTION COMPANY,
305 Kcarny St., San Francisco. augiu-tf
Notice of Assessment.
CONSOLIDATED WIDE-AWAKE MINING AND
1 MILLING COMPANY.
Location of principal place of business, Jack-
son, Amador county, California.
Location of works. Railroad Flat Mining Dis-
trict, Calaveras county. California.
KOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
a regular meeting of the Board of Direct-
ors, held on the sth day of August, A. D. HUH, an
assessment of one cent (lc) per share was lev-
ied upon tho subscribed capital stock of the
corporation, payable immediately in United
States coin, to the secretary of the said Com-
pany, at his offlce in the Marelia Building on
Summit street, in Jackson, Amador county,
California. ' "
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 12th day of September,
1904, will be declared delinquent, and adver-
tised for sale at public auction, and unless pay-
ment is made before, will be sold on Monday,
the 3rd day of October, 1904, to pay the delin-
quent assessment, together with the cost of
advertising and expenses of sale.
By order of the Board of Directors.
' JAS. JAY \VRIGHT. Secretary.
Omcc in the Marelia Building, on Summit
street, Jackson. Amador county, California.
POSTPONEMENT.
The date of the delinquency on tbe foregoing
notice is hereby postponed to Monday, tho lotij
day of October. lUO4, and the date Qf sale of de-
inquent stjovk under th(s notice is hereby post-
nmed to Monday, the 7th day of November,
SO4, at the hour of 2:00 o'clock p. m. '
By erder of the Bpard of Directors.
JAS. JAY WRIGHT, Secretaiy.
Dated September «tn, 19W, v_ • -,: 5.9-«
UP-TO-DATE BUSINESS MEN.
Weissbein Brothers & Co.
ASSAY OFFICE AND GOLD REFINERY §i
616 SACRAMENTO ST.. near Montgomery. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
PURCHASERS OF GOLD DUST AND BULLION
BASE BULLION AND CYANIDE PRECIPITATE A SPECIALTY
ORES AND CONCENTRATES TESTED BY ANY PROCESS
A clear head is sought^
every leader of business or social
affairs, and a
sweet breath adds to the
satisfaction of intimate acquaint-
ance ; to own a
.fine complexion none
■will despise ; yet only a clean
stomach secures clear head, sweet
breath and fine complexion
for every day; and .
clean stomach is secured by using
*' SWEET Sagrados " — nature's
laxative tablets— pleasant to take,
perfect in action ; every dose
leads to a cure. Put np only in
one style and . one package, 24
doses 25 cents.
EWKET SAGRADOS COMPANY '
. HSW TOKK— SAM FRANCISCO
M 0 Sweet Sagrados— sold by
City Pharmacy - Willis H. Boydston, Prop.
|6INOCCHIO ■ BRO% : |
1 >& General Merchandise!
M si" Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, M
M mM Boots ' Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining ||
'M yf\ Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, §g
M Corner Main and Water St. *||
m JACKSON - :- - CALIFORNIA |
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
• McCALL j» ¥ " iw ; : -.• ;-^W . , I
i b ->^LJ. Glavinovidi i
J LEADING GROCERY STORE •
• Isfc&i" ' ~~ • : •'■ :
• DpfS Groceries, Dry Goods, |
2 iT™ Furnishing Goods, Boots, .^ •
S a Shoes, Toilet Articles, •
• < l '■-^'■:' S
J c Hardware, Miners' Sup- •
• ] "■'-, ■ ■T : ' : — '■ - ' 2
2 i plies, Hay, Grain, Etc. •
• - — . . __ _ * j
2 . Cor. Main & Court Streets . *-"g"
2 McCALL- •
: jackson^ ;.-a -:■ cal. l^^^,^,::
- - - ■ ■ : ■ ■
j GOLD QUARTZ | «™^™ R SPECIAL NOnCE !
<*- •(SuocenortoA.H.Beichling): j?Ty ;
Bought by Pacific Refinery & Assay Office Returns \
made same ;
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET - , -.
'Specific;' -: <puone Bush 237) day as re-
» Hear California, San Francisco. '■ .- * ,- "j
ceipt of;- I;!
draviiv Tact Bullion, Gold Dust, Quartz, Specimens, . , ;
gravity i est platinum, and ail kinds of Gold consignment
- ■
I It Costs Money to Make Steam g
Jjgl SAVE MONEY BY USING — ;*'
HI McDearmon & Cos. Asbestos Goods. \M
bji Such as Boilur if- Pipe Coverinys, Magnesia Coverings, Fire-Proof- 5C5 '
§11 ing Materials, Cold Storage Insulation, Brine «f- Ammonia Coy- |§ !
jr<n erlngs, Packing* <£• Gaskets, Keystone Building »(• Deadftiipg Felts. |$3
CATALOGUE, ESTIMATES & SAMPLES ON APPLICATION. §S|
if Garbarini Bros., Agents - - Jackson, Cal. M
—ESTABLISHED 1864—
Mprjuiiients..,.,
.....and CopingiS
Of any size and style, furnished
promptly auil at
REDUCED B4TES
The Polishing Plapt i$ npw operated
by Electricity.
Ctlloa'ar rifagM DAVID GRIFFITH
Penryn Granite Works, Penryn, Cal.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
\ M son A|?[He \yorks :
• A. J. Franatpvich Jr., Prop'r. 5 :
• Works on Church Street, near •
• Cemetery. •
• .- »-•_. .^
q Tombstones, Monuments and all kinds S' ■'
• of Stone Cutting and Sculpture done. ' •
Will furnish marble and granite of &
• best quality, imported or native. m
0 Cement or granite epping and all cem- S
• etery work at lowest'rates. ' 5 .
m Satisfaction guaranteed both in work- S
2 manship and price. Glyp' me a trial. 2LOCAL NEWS
OF THE WEEK
Butterick Patterns at Redlick's.
Pioneer Flour always has hoen
and still is the best.
Rev. F. A. Morrow returned from
Pacific Grove last Saturday.
Lemons, oranges, and bananas con
stantly on hand at Nettles' Mkt.
Pioneer Flour is the "Lily of the
Vallev,"thfl "Pearl of Perfection."
•New waistings at Redlick's.
• J. F. Wilson, Dentist. Hours 9a. ra.
to sp. m. Phone Main 404. Jackson,
Cal.
Raviola and chicken dinner at the
Union House next Sunday. Will de
liver orders to any place in town.
Pete Podesta, who has been laid up
with fever of an intermittent character,
is convalescent, and expects to be
around again in a few days.
Lucot and Ford have recently re
ceived orders for two four-horse Stude
baker wagons. This does not lock as
though the ranchers an i teamsters
feared the railroad to any great extent.
' New flannelettes at Redlick's.
■ Deputy sheriff Jackson went to
Stockton yesterday on important
official business. He will probably be
away several days.
Mrs. T. Fregnlia, who has been suf
fering from typhoid fever for several
weeks, is still dangerously ill. Last
Friday a severe hemorrhage occurred,
which left tbe patient In a very weak
condition.
Ladies' suits, skirts ami cloaks made
to your own order. Satisfaction and
fit guaranteed. See samples at Red
;-V. Chichizola is building a handsome
residence just • north of the Jackson
Gate store. It will bo, when completed!
by far the finest dwelling in that grow
ing little burg.
James Harmon, a brother of Chas.
E. Harmon of New York Ranch, ar
rived in Jackson from St. Louis Wed
nesday evening. He intends to make
Amador county his home.
The ' Dew rectory of the Episcopal
church is fast approachinp completion.
It is located on the church lot on ; the
Hamilton addition. It is now receiv
ing the finishing touches at the hands
of the painters.
The board of supervisors will rnoet
next Monday. It will devolve, upon
tbem to make all necessary arrange
ments for the election, by issuing the
proclamation, and appointing polling
places and officers of election.
Mrs. Hurst, of the Qloba hotel,, left
Sunday morning for San Francisco, to
see her husband, who is under treat
ment in one of tbe hospitals of that
city. He is not improving- much. It
is tbe intention to bring him home the
latter part of this week.
John Cbinn and wife returned from
Sao Francisco last Saturday. He will
eooa more his family into his new
dwelling bouse en Stump street. While
below bo madfl arrangements fflr the
opening of. his place of amusement
known as the Exchangu Music Hall.
Maurice Plasso came down from
Silver lake early this week with a por
tion of his stock. He left tbe moun
tain range last Friday. At that time
It was storming furiously, and snow
covered tbe ground to the depth of
£igQtinches. He left again Tuesday
for the mountains, for the purpose of
bringing down the rest of the cattle.
The amount raised by public sub
scription for tbe benefit of Mrs. Quiun,
ffhose husband was killed with two
Other miners, while engaged in sinking
at the Argonaut mine last month, was
f 327.50. The funeral expenses were
paid by Mr. Uetert, and tbe Miners'
f/nion being relieved of the funeral eir
penses, gave the sum to the widow,
amounting to $70.
There are but two prisoners in the
county jail. These are kept busy by
sheriff Norman in cleaning up around
the jail. This week the basement of
. {he hall of records has been treated tp a
coat of whitewash— the first it has had
since it was built. It makes a great im
provement, especially to the room used
for sleeping apartment fpr jurors.
That room is as light and airy and
wholesome as anyone could wish for.
J. J. Nichols was thro. wq from his
horse last Saturday near the planing
mill just north of town. He was driv
ing cattle from the mountains to Jack
son valley. His horse got scared, and
fell. Nichols was thrown against a
rock, cutting an ugly gash above his
nose and otherwise bruising him up
fjoqsidorably. He came to town, and
after gettiug his injuries attended to
by a doctor continued bis trip tQ the
valley..
g*rank L,. Pitt, of IJoulder Greek,
Santa Cruz county, accompanied by his
wife, has been spending a few days in
Amador county. They were up in ttj9
mountains, and were caught in tbe
storms that prevailed last week. They
leave for home to-day, but will prob
ably return and spend the winter in
Amador county. Mr. Pitt has sold his
§l)ingle and planing mill in Santa Cruz
gqunty.
J. M. Stow came down from Antelope
Tuesday last to get medical advice and
aid regarding his eye. Jt seems he
bad bepn suffering from a felon on one
of the fingers of the right hand. A
week or so ago he rubbed his right eye,
thoughtlessly, with the affected hand.
Soon thereafter the eye became pain
ful and commenced to swell up. When
he reached Jackson the eye was com
pletely closed, and the whole side of
his face very much swollen. The in-
Qatnmatign extended somewhat to the
left eye. The doctor told him the eye
was poisoned by contact with the
affected finger. He started for home
Wednesday. He reports that the
storm last week at Antelope was some
thing terrible. The rain fell in tor
rents, and the thunder and lightening
were such as he had never witnessed in
that region before. Large quantities
of mining timbers are still in the moun
tains awaiting shipment to the mines
as soon as tbe roads will again permit
of bwliD^,
Dr. Endicott got back from a week's
trip to the city last evening.
Geo. Murphy brought his cattle
down from the mountains Wednesday.
The saloon of Ransom Sanders on
Main street was closed yesterday. For
rent notices aro posted on the premises
to-day.
Ed. Hurst, of the Globe hotel, re
turned home Thursday evening, accom
panied by his wife. He stood the trip
as well as could be expected.
If you want a good harness at reason
able prices call at A. Basso's, Jackson.
Rev. E. A. Winning, the newly ap
pointed pastor of the M. E. church, ar
rived in Jackson with bis family Thurs
day evening. He will preach next Sun
day morning and evening.
It is reported that U S Gregory has
sold his interest in the variety store
business of the Freeman Estate store
to Chas. H. Freeman. The store will
hereaftor be conducted by the two
brothers, C. W. and C. H. Freeman.
Olives, salami, swiss, limburger
Martin's cream and California cheese
at Nettles' Mkt.
Mrs. J. L. Sargent and her bister,
Miss Kate Quinn, of Chicago, who has
been visiting at Middle Bar for several
weeks, left thi3 week for Lodi and
other points. Miss Quinn will there
after leave for her home in the east.
** ■ *.
It is rumored that Jackson is to be
honored with a third butcher shop.
Dave' Mattley, who is a large land
owner and cattle raiser, has leased the
stone building on Main street belong
ing to the Gazerra Bros., and hereto
fore used as a saloon, aqd will convert
tbe same into a butcher shop. He ex
pects to be ready for business some
time this month. The people aro look
ing for a tumble in retail prices of meat.
A -new IJpright Piano for sale at a
great bargain. Inquire at this office.
See the ad of the Berutta Optical
Company on our "fii-st page. A first
i:hi>s optician will be at Boydston's
pharmacy on October 12. Consulta
tion and examination free. Glasses
fitted to aqj eyesight. Aqy person
finding difficulty in being fitted with
suitable glasses will do well to consult
the expert of this, company. It is in
tended to visit Jackson regularly every
month.
When you wish the finest flavored
coffees and teas, remember that W. J.
iVettle keeps'only the best.
Antone Badaraca was released on
bonds early this week- He has been
confined in the county jail for several
weeks, awaiting trial on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon. Bonds
were fixed at $20001 He gave the re
quired amount of bonds, with M. Barsi
and Q. Badaraca, his father, as securi
ties, aqd was thereupon released until
tria). . .
Good mines of all kinds wanted. In
quiring parties. S. C. Trayner, 4 Sut
ler St.. San Francisco, Cal. \ : ;
. Mrs. Rebecca Futter of Sutter Creek
died in San Francisco on Wednesday,
September 21, after a short illness.
She went to tbe pity about a month
ago for a change. She was then in
usual good health. In a few days she
took ft cold, whiph settled Qq her lungs
and developed Into a fatal illness. The
interment took place at the Jewish
cemetery of San Francisco. Deceased
leaves one son, S. Futter, who is now
left in full charge of the Sutter Creek
dry goods store. Also two married
daughters, Mrs. Higgins of Jamestown,
and Mrs. SimSn of Oakland.
Fresh pickled olives of the season
just received; 65c per gallon. Nettles'
Market.
Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Spagnoli left
Monday' mprnlng fqr San Francisco.
From thence Mrs. Spagnoli started
Tuesday evening for Pittsburgh, Penn
sylvania, to visit her father, A. W.
Kerr, q,nd her sister, Mrs. Dr. Sands,
bpth resjdents oj that city.' Sb,e ex
pects to be away about two months,
and on her return trip will visit the
St. Louis fair. Mr. Spagnoli accom
panied her only as far as the city. He
will return home this week.
Golden State taffeta, all silk. 5Qc a
yard at Redjick's..
Mrs. E. Burns of Amadqr City, who
has experienced a serious attack of
typhoid feyeV, is now convalescent and
able to be arpund again. IJr. Q'Cpnnor
was the attending physiciap, and
the treatment pf cold baths which he
adopted prpved highly efficacious, lead :
ing to the speedy recovery of the pa
tient. James Chlchizoia, son of T. A.
Chichizola, is critically ill with this
same malady. Several doctors were in
consultation over the case last Monday.
This is about the only remaining seri
ous case of typhpid now iq Amadqr,;' \.'
Give us dally some good bread. Pio
neer Flour makes the best.
A person traveling along our high
ways can hardly fail tq notice the num
ber of men packing their blankets,
seeking work. They are of the labor
ing class, and probably have been at
tracted IP this ppunty by the large
works in progress at Electra, and also
the railroad building between here and
lone. While there is no scarcity of
work, it is evident that common lab
orers are not so hard to get as' a ve'a'r
or more ag<j, <^t t»jo sah^e time there
is no lack Qf employment for mechanics
—such as carpenters, masons, and
Other artisans,
A man named L. Martinelli jumped
his board bill at the Kennedy boarding
house last week. He was owing $20
for board, and was persuaded that it
would be cheaper to evade payment
than to settle. He left pn the 22d and
went to Sacramento. The sheriff's
office was notified, and a complaint
sworn to. The telephone and tele
graph lines were out of kelter at the
time owing tp the thunder storm.
Nevertheless word was sent to the po
lice authorities at Sacramento with
such a description of the runaway that
his recognition was an easy matter. He
was arrested as soon as be reached Sac
ramento. Sheriff Norman went to the
city next day and came up with his
man Saturday evening. He concluded
that it would be better to settle up
promptly, and planked down $33.60 to
pay the $20 board bill and costs. It
doesn't pay to try to beat boarding
houses around hero,
THE AMADOR LEDGER; JACKSO^, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1904.
St. Augustine's church— Divine ser
vice Sunday morning next. Holy com
munion will be celebrated. All cordially
invited to attend.
Rev. Oliver Welch, who has been a
visitor at the Murphy place at Butte in
this county on several occasions, was
recently ordained to the priesthood of
the Catholic church in New York. He
is announced to conduct his first mass
at St. Mary church in San Francisco
next Sunday. Miss Ella Murphy went
to the city this week, and will attend
the service.
Rev. F. A. Morrow has purchased
the Goldsworthy dwelling house on the
east side of Broadway, next to Pero
vich's boarding house on the south.
He moved his family therein yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. Goldsworthy will occupy
a portion of the dwelling house of F.
M. Pense on Broadway.
A household necessity; Eclipse
Sheet Bluing; economical, best made.
Sample 10c. Victor Supply Co.,
Angels, Cal. sep23-lm
Antone Silva, who while an inmate
of the county hospital, several years
ago, was sent to relatives in Santa Clara
county at the public expense, returned
to Jackson last week. He is very
feeble, and has returned with the ex
pectation of again being taken into the
hospital. He at one time owned the
business premises on Main street, Jack
son, now owned by John Chirm.
Read the alteration sale of .Redlick's
in this issue. <
Jackson merchants are endeavoring
to get their supply of heavy goods in
before winter commences in earnest.
The opinion is freely expressed that
in the event of a severe winter the lone
road will be almost impassable. * In
fact, freighters assert that if the winter
proves anything like last season, the
freight rates from lone will be more
than doubled. The heavy travel of
the dry season has cut the road up ter
ribly. There is prospect ahead for
still heavier traffic between now and
new years, on account of the machinery
fqr the electric plant to be hauled over
t. ,This will handicap tljo rqad badly.
rtiere are, therefore, good grounds to
apprehend a heavy increase of freight
rates, and merchants and others hav
ing large consignments are adopting a
wise course in preparing to get their
joods hauled early in the season. The
:ouop!etion of the railroad by the new
pear would relieve the situation, but
the general opinion is that there is a
ilim prospect pf its completion by that
,ime.
A Power For Good-
The pills that are potent in. In their
action and pleasq.pt in effect are De-
Witt's Little Early Risers. W. S.
Philpot, of Albany, Ga. says: During
a bilious attack I took one. Small as
it was it did me more good than calo
mel, blue mass or any other pill I ever
took and at the. same time the effect
was pleasant: Little Early Risers are
certainly an ideal pill." Sold by City
Pharmapy.
Uncalled-tor Letters.
Letters remaining unclaimed in - the
Jackson, Cal., postpffice, fpr the week
ending September «0, 1904:
Martin Baletln Marko Brklch
Antonio Caiamari Wm Greenberg
Georg Kllmorich Chas. Lemln
A. Prill Lorenz Raeto
A. Rltter ■ Frank Shankland
Mrs. Anna Smith Miss G. E. Gerber ( cd )
G. C. FOLGEH. Postmaster.
PINE QROVer
A mantle of sadness was thrown over
our community by the death of Dor
othy, little daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Clarence Bradshaw, which qccurred at
Grass Valley, Amador county, on tbe
17th of September. Her age was four
years and fifteen days. This dear little
girl will be missed in the home, in the
Sabbath school, and many places where
her sweet face had become familiar,
and the bereaved family have the sym
pathy of the entire community.
Whence do they come? those little ones bright.
With their locks of silk and their eyes of light;
With their lips of pink, and their teeth of pearl
And the halo of heaven in every curl-?
Only the God who gave them knows
vytjencr, each comes, and 'whither each goes.
Ah ! if an angel takes them back,
Ere their feet are weary on life's sad track,
Ere sin has blighted or sorrow has stung.
Or the dear ones' have gone whom they loved
when young. ' , ''
Surely the God/who iillbth heaven,
Loves them as much when taken as given.
Fold then the little hands white and still,
And say through thy tears "it is God's will;
Wondrous author qf life and death,
That says as he' gives us pulse and breath,
'•Suffer t« came 1 itntfl 'me '
To abide on m.y hrenst through eternity."
A I HIKND.
Ledger and Chicago Inter-Ocean,s2.so
Notice to Creditors.
fATE, Of AB(XONIO MA'JMBLICH, PECEAHED.
OTiCE IS HEREBY GIVEN BY THE
undersigned, administrator with will an-
nexed of tbe estate of Antonio Matulich, de-
ceased, to the creditors of and all persons
having claims against tbe said deceased, to
exhibit them, with the necessary vouchers,
within four months after the flrs,t nubljuu. tiao.
of this notice to tbe said udmlnistra'tbr. a? (he 1
law qlflces pf C. IV VJcini, at 'JacksbV in'Ama-
dbr 'county. California, ' th,e sam,e being the
place (or the transaction Qf the business of
said estate, in said county of Amadqr'.
Pated.. September 37tfi, J9flJ.
GEORGE J. MATULICH,
Administrator with will annexed of estate
of Antonio Matulich, deceased
C. P. Vicini, Atty. for Administrator. se3o-5t
i Clothing, Clothing, Clothing |
W«Jr ' ham* *^
S We have just received our Fall and Winter Clothing g
S ' direct from the Union Factories. These goods are §
9 ' the swellest lot ever imported into Amador County. §
S We fit all; and in sizes, -quality and prices we lead. g
2 There are no equal in the make-up of these garments. §
§ One price to all. Goods guaranteed as represented. §
I ■ . ©HiiW^i iiillfiilf
§ Four miles from Jackson. StTTTEH CREEK, CAL. J|
VOLCANO ITEMS.
Our little village has been- all astir
durin&r the past few days owing to a
rumor that the lone and Eastern; Rail
road Company expect to extend the
road to the extreme eastern portion of
the county. Members of the company
passed through town last week on their
way to Wiley's station, presumably to
examine the varied ' resources of this
favored section. If the road reaches
us by the 4th of July, 1905, we propose
to hold a grand celebration, ■ when
Supervisor Grillo will barbecue his best
beef, Frank Clute, of the St. George,
will run open house, Peter Jonas will
act as grand marshal, John F. Clute
will orate, Tom Quinc officiate us pres
ident, and Joseph Goodrich and Tony
Delucchi will see that the engine keeps
quiet and does not fly the track until
after the passengers alight.
John Grillo is now the happiest man
in the state. He is the daddy of a 12
pound boy. He concedes his wife the
right to name the young man provided
she calls it John jr., otherwise he pro
poses to assert his right and do a little
naming himself. ' John was so delight
ed when he heard it was a boy that he
sat down and wrote his wife a letter of
congratulation, and the next day came
near throwing a traveling evangelist
into the watering trough because he'
refused to drink to the health of the
new-comer.
Monday week the town was fairly de
serted. Every person who could, pro
cure a conveyance of any kind attend
ed thd burial of little Dorothy Brad
shaw at Pine Grove. She was a lovable
child, and her parents have tbe. heart
felt sympathy of the entire community.
Geo. Keffer has secured a 5-years'
lease of the Jack Browning farm near
Buena Vista, and will take charge in a
few weeks. We regret to lose Mr.
Keffer and family, hut wish them well
in their new venture.
Mrs. Manuel Riestra, who had an
eye removed recently by the skillful
hand of Dr. Freiman, has returqed to
her mountain home, The eye cavity
was practically well in six days after
the operation.
The typhoid epidemic is fast subsid
ing. The Bonneau children, whg were
the latest victims, are all out again.
Mr. Norris, the barber, is talking of
moving his family to one of tbe valley
towns, where -he has been offered a
permanent position.
Constable Lessley has been walking
very dignified of late, aqd many
thought It was qwing to the big draw
down he was soon to receive for past
services, but he informs us that a few
carbuncles have compelled, him to be
precise in his. mqve.meq,ts..-
Geo. Lucot, pf the fjrm of Lucot and
Ford, was taken quite ill lsst week
while visiting at Mclaughlin's station,
and was unable to return to Jackson
for several days.
Dr. Freiman is still formulating plans
for his sanitarium, which he proposes
to erect early in the spring.
School reopened prj ttye }2th inst.,
after a three \yeeks! yacation." The at
tendauce Is quite large. ; .; ; ■
The party given in Armory hall on
the 17th was well attended, Al&ny
were present frflm Qleta. Mrs. B.
Ross and daughter provMed an ex
cellent supper for the occasion.
Mining Interests have not relaxed
during the summer months, and many
prospects have developed into paying
properties.
Murphy, Walker, and Griesbaoh are
taking out' pay' gravel in large quanti
ties from the Grillo claim. As an ex
periment they recently took out $100
in 9 hours.
Marsino & Sons have, fffirked all
summer, and' by the first of January
they expect to have 2400 carloads of
gravel on the dump.
Robinson, McLaughlin, and Glenn
have formed theigsolyea jnto. n com
pany tp wprk th.c "Qlenn mine. They
will use steam power instead of water,
which will enable ' them to work
throughout the entire year.
Lessley & Co., of Pioneer, are run
ning their 9-stamp mill gtea^y,
hope soon tp be qb}e tp send a. gpod
sized gold brick to. the mint/
If the present hopes p.f sp.rne o,( Qur
young people are fi^naHy rea,H;ed.. we
may have sp,m,e. Jn.teras.ttag news tp
chronicle Ep.qn,. $ c Kibbler.
Schoo} Ro^»,
' A mock election was held in the prin
cipal's room last Friday.' The Aus
tralian ballot system was used. There
were the usual officers of- election, bal
lots, poll and tally lists kept, and
candidates named and YQte3 for,
.tf«w elected president, re
ceiving 29 votes, while his opponent,
Parker, received but 16 votes.
The pupils have chosen for the name
of their paper the "Jackson School
Up-To-Date, " The p.a^er he issued
|Jip flrs.t Friday p.f eacli school month.
W- better ft will he printed or not is
still undecided, ' .
Tbe new drum and flag have been
regularly Installed at the school.
Mrs. Caldwell continues to substitute
for Miss Devan in the 4th grade.
AMADOR COUNTY'S
GOLD PRODUCERS
Kennedy.— A visit to the works of
the east shaft and mill strongly im
presses one with the vastness of mining
operations at this noted mine. The
new reels of the massive hoist are
working to a charm. There has been
no trouble whatever since they were
■installed. They are heavier by ten
tons than the reels they displaced. Six
furnaces are required to keep the hoist
going, leaving three furnaces in reserve
for contingencies. Sinking was re
sumed last week. The shaft is now
!2640 feet in perpendicular depth, in
cluding a sump of 50 feet. It is the in
tention to sink 300 feet deeper. The
sinking will not interfere with mining
operations in the least. The mill will
be kept running to its full capacity. A
small engine has been placed at the
1600 level to hoist the dirt to that
point, from whence it can easily be
'sent to the surface without any inter
ference with other operations. The 40
stamp addition to the milling capacity
is making good headway. The build
ing is all inclosed; the mortar blocks
are completed, and the work of putting
the machinery in place will be started
next week, when the cement founda
tions have sufficiently set.
The concentrators are on the ground,
although much of the work on this
floor remains to be. A dynamo
room is provided at the south end of
the mill, corresponding to the one at
the north end which supplies the power
for the 60 stamps now in motion. The
40 stamp addition will be operated as
an independent mill, having its own
motive power. H. G. Murray, who
has charge of the construction work,
expects to have -all the stamps going
some time in December. ■
' A large machine and blacksmith shop
has heen huilt just east of the shaft.
One side of this will be used for black
smith shop,.and the other for machine
shop. The present blacksmith shop
will be done away with. The machine
shqp addition is to enable all kinds of
repair work to be done on the ground.
It will include lathe, steam hammer,
band saw, etc. f; \:
Messenger Nominated for Assemblyman.
Th,e democrat representatives of the
eleventh assembly district met in
San Andreas Wednesday last and nom
inated H. A. Messtjnger of Gwin jn.ine
for assemblyman qf tb.is distnpt, com
posed p.f Am^dflr, Cataveras, Alpine
and Mqnq counties. This action was
in cpnform.ity with, a pre-arranged
program. ■Th.a nomjqee js not regarded
as a strung wan politically. He has
been in the legislature before, having
represented Caiaveras county many
years ago. We understand he is now
in the east, but will return in p ( few
days and make It is a
case p.f weakness on either side, in
which neither candidate is likely to
command his party vote. The Strpog
republican margjq iq the district favors
Mcf£e,nney, the republican nominee,
whqis badly handicapped by h.ig record
of disregard of the state constitution.
Bean th» ™» Kind You Haw Always Bought
Signature . V/f^i'y'
A" Farewell Party.
The members and friends of the M.
E. church assembled in tb,e church
Monday eyeulug to tender the retiring
pastor, Rev. J. \V. Phelps, and his
family a farewell party, on the eve of
their departure for another sphere of
labor. There was a. very large attend
ance, aver 100 being present. This
sufficiently attests the appreciation of
the congregation for the ministerial
services of the past year. The evening
was pleasantly passed in short addresses
befitting the occa.sjon.. The Rev.
Phelps a.n,d family |eft Jackson Wed
nesday morning for Qroville, Butte
pounty, to. which, charge he has been
assigned far the cp,ming. year.
How l a ThU!
We offer One Hundred Dollars Re
ward for any case of Catarrh that can
not be oured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.
F. J. Cheney & Co..
Toledo, O.
We, the undersigned, have known
F. J. Cheney for the last 13 years, and
believe him perfectly "honorable in all
business transactions and financially
ahle to carry out any-obligations made
by their firm.
.'.:.' West&Truax,
; Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.
.Walding, Kinnan & Marvin,
Wholesale Druggist, Toledo, O.
Hall's Cfttarrh. Cure is taken intero
a,lly, acting dirctly upon the blood and
mucous surface of the system. Testi
monials sent free. Price 75c. per
bottle. Sold by all druggists.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
The Singer runs, the Singer sews,
by simply pressing with the toes, By
day I work, at night I sleep, because
the S\nger \s t,o cheap. Wonderly, Agt.
A Beoord Breaker
The rain and thunderstorm which
started in on the 22d of September and
continued until Monday stands without
any parallel in this section for the
month of September since we have
kept a record of the weather condi
tions. September is considered a sum
mer month, and a part-of the rainless
season. A slight sprinkling is the
utmost that we look for that month.
As often as otherwise no rainfall is ex
perienced. .This year, however, the
storm we have experienced would be
considered heavy even in midwinter.
And it seems to have visited every por
tion of the state. In many places the
downpour has been much greater than
here. In Jackson the rainfall for the
season is as follows:
Aug. 16 0.16
Sept. 22 0 24
" 23 ! 0.66
Cl 24.. i9i
" 25 .'.'. '. '.'.'.'..'. \ '.!'.!!'.".!•!!"'" o! so
" 26 0.06
Total ...3.13
In the mountains a heavy fall of snow
has occurred. The stockmen whose
ranges are well up toward the summit,
will have difficulty in getting their
stock out.* Several feet of snow is re
ported to have fallen in the high
Sierras. Up to this time last year no
rain had fallen along the mining belt.
The storm is likely to cause some dam
age to the grape crop, especially if suc
ceeded by frosts. The grapes are liable
to burst, thereby imparing their mar
ket value. Otherwise the rain ought
to help the farmers. It is sufficient to
start plowlug, and enable the ranchers
to get their ground in condition for
early seeding. > ■': .'-■■
Bod Indeed.
Losing flesh is indeed a bad sign.
Take Scott's Emulsion for it. For
weak digestion, for defective nourish
ment, for consumption, take Scott's
Emulsion. It restores flesh because it
strikes to the cause of the loss.
■ -Least <SsL&B v6o22Z^. :|^|| J
j ALTERATION SALtj
q Our salt* story tells of a continual sound of success. The unusual |1|1«
B features of buying new season's goods at such tremendous reduc- i^'
j| tions is one which the public is not slow to take advantage of .... I
■THREE BIG SPECIALS FOR THIS WEEK •
2 and Boy's Hats^fe^ Men's and Boy's Underwear I
The up.to-date of our assortment as In order to make the intended ~al- IS
B well as the extent of it, combined with terations the underwear stock must #
• the low prices —^hey are marked for also be reduced. Remember, they are I
H the coming seven days — are bound to all new season goods and the best J,
■f reduce the stock. qualities . . . ..;:,.  ' . S
• Regular $1.50 Hats are - - - $1.00 Regular 50c Garments - - . - 45c B
j^ " ijji.OU liats are * v - ■ 4>l.z)U " 75c * '.-•.-■ - • » 60c ■■
B " ■ 50 Hats are - - - S2 00 " %1 00 " - QO A
Hj Jjpo.uu iiats are • Jp^.jv * Spl.ou " •' *■ ■ ■ 51. 35 t
I ■ TOM© :AlBira ©IfiWHIM© ; I
5 This is another stock that must be reduced to make the alteration; we need 5
■ the room. Whenever we advertise anything our customers rely upon getting it. m :
B Regular $10 Suits, 14 to 20 yrs. $8.50 Regular $7.50 Suits, 14 to 20 yrs. $6.00 •
• « $8.50 " 14 to 20 yrs. $7.00 " . $<U)0 " 14 to 20 yrs. $4.50 ■
SUPERIOR COURT.
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
Estate of Antone Matulich — Hearing
of petition for probate of will. Will ad
mitted to probate.
Estate of John Jellettch — Teresa
Jelletich appointed administratrix.
Bond of administratrix filed.
Estate of James Head— Order of sale
-of real estate granted.
A. Wieczney vs. Thomas Boyson —
On motion of defendant case dismissed.
Farrell vs. Rosenberg— Motion for
change of venue continued until
October 8.
A. Frederickson vs. G. M. Huberty,
administrator— Decree granted quiet
ing title to property in dispute.
William Pellow vs. Mary J. Pellow—
Default of defendant entered. Inter
locutory decree of divorce granted
plaintiff.
Eva Leibhardt vs. August Leibhardt
—Interlocutory degree of divorce
granted.
Estate of Rebecca Futter— Samuel
Futter petitions for letters. October 8
appointed for hearing same.
Estato and guardianship of Pearce,
Emma, Edna and Amelia Talbot —
Guardian ordered to file forthwith a
full and complete account and report
of the affairs of said guardianship.
S. Ciapucci vs. A. Ciapucci—lnter
locutory decree of divorce granted by
default of defendant. Defendant or
dered to pay $20 per month to plaintiff
as alimony.
Estate of J. F. Parks— October 8 ap
pointed for hearing of final account and
petition for discharge.
Estate of Frank Frates— October 4
fixed for hearing of return of sale of
real estato in San Francisco to G. A.
Lynch for $8000.
NEW SUITS.
Ella Jane Noce vs. Andrew L. Noce—
Suit for divorce.
Mary Lee vs. William Lee— Divorce
suit.
Kate Allan vs. John A, Allan—
Divorce; suit.
FROM SUTTER CREEK.
Stub Pen has become very stubby.
Don't be afraid Stub Pen, those peo
ple you hit so hard wont do anything
worse than shoot you at sight, and you
know the pen is mightier than the
sword, so you can probably defend
yourself. I thought from the way peo
ple noticed one or two of your articles
you might get chesty;. but you did not.
Your vest tits you still, and now you
have let us down real easy. Don't
worry about the - knockers. Every
city and town ha 3 its knockers. They
keep people from thinking of them
selves all of the time. Some one said
"It was good for a dog to have a
reasonable amount of fleas; it kept
him from broodin' on bein' a dog."
The Amador Record seems to be try
ing to say Sic 'em, in a very ladylike
way. It would be refreshing to see
that paper stand on both feet and not
sprawl all over,- trying to please every
one. Come, come; be a man, Mrs.
Brown. *
We have had so much rain that
every one feels sort of moist or sloppy
so to speak, and to carry it out four of
our young men soaked in so much
moisture, either rain water or fire
water, that some wag put a placard on
their door, "This is the home of the
sloppy four. " ' They are out with shot
guns- Spencerian Pen.
AMADOR CITY.
; - Amador City, Sept. 27.
Tom Honeychurch left Sunday for
San Francisco, where he intends spend
ing a few weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. Gillis returned from
the city Monday.
JoeCuneo and son went to^Frisco
Sunday.
Miss Edythe Crabtree returned from
San Francisco Monday. E. Lois.
Doing your own washing? Then try
Eclipse Sheet Bluing; it glvea best
results. Sample 10c. Victor Supply
Co., Angels, Cal. sep 23-lm
Loaded With Steel for Sixteen Months.
Chris Uzovicb, a miner employed at
the Gwin, has met with a singular ex
perience. Some sixteen months ago he
was injured in the hand, supposed to
have been caused by a piece of. steel.
The wound healed up, but it has caused
him more or less pain ever since.
Latterly the pain increased to such an
extent as to interfere with his work.
He came to Jackson to consult a doctor
about it. After an examination the
doctor was convinced that the presence
of some foreign body buried in the
Hesh was the cause of the trouble. He
opened the hand, and extracted there
from a piece of steel as large as the tip
of one's finger. The patient is mend
ing rapidly, and will soon be fully re
covered.
From 148 to 92 Founds.
One of the most remarkable cases of
a cold, deep seated on the lungs, -caus
ing pneumonia, is that of Mrs. Gert
rude E. Fenner, Marlon, Ind., who was
entirely cured by the use of One Min
ute Cough Cure. She says: The cough
ing and straining so weakened me that
I ran down in weight from 148 to 92
pounds. I tried a number of remedies
to no avail until I used One Minute
Cough Cure. Four bottles of this
wonderful remedy cured me entirely of
the cough, strengthened my lungs and
restored me to my normal weight,
health and strength. " Sold by City
Pharmacy.
Nothing will please an invalid as well
as a package of those fancy cakes from
Nettles' Mkt.
Why doesn't Wonderly come, we
want a Singer right away.
Wccygpei* 2?Jvef>ecl\
1 averall'S :/■
Bepublican Club Smoker.
The Jackson republican club at its
regular meeting night, Tuesday, gave
a smoker, which was participated in
by from 30 to 40 members. The usual
routine business was transacted, and
preparations mado for' the meeting of
the campaign on Saturday, 'iOctober 8,
when congressman J. N. Gillette will
address the people of Jackson. Com
mittees for this event were appointed
as follows:
Reception Committee— V. S. Gar
barini, J. F. Davis, C. A. Herrick, A.
M. Gall.
On Music— H. E. Kay, C. Schacht,
F. Valvo.
On Decorations and Hall— F. LeMoin,
W. Schrader, L. J. Fontenrose, and
Harvey Clark.
v Finance • Committee— Dr. Herrick,
W. E. Kent, R. Webb, F. A. Voorheis,
W. P. Peek.
After the business was transacted
those present indulged in a convivial
time, enlivened by addresses by Judge
Davis and others.
. If you are going fishing or hunting
and are afraid of Poison Oak, take a
dose of Dr. Mason's Poison Oak Cure.
It is a perfect preventative.
The Stomach is the Kan-
A week stomach weakens the man,
because it cannot transform the food he
eats into nourishment. Health and
strength cannot be restored to any sick
man or weak woman without first re
storing health and strength to the
stomach. A weak stomach cannot di
gest enough food to feed the tissues and
revive the tired and run down limbs
and organs of the body. Kodol Dys
pepsia Cure digests what you eat,
cleanses and strengthens the glands
and membranes of the stomach, and
cures indigestion, dyspepsia and all
stomach troubles. Sold by City
Pharmacy.
Hotel For Sale.
The Adams House, Plymouth, Ama
dor county. A large and commodious
building with 20 bedrooms, parlor,
waiting room, kitchen, dining room,
sample room, and the nicest barroom
in Amador county. . Hotel and bar now
doing a good business. Large lot.
Property must be seen to be appreci
ated. Owners desire to retire from
business the only reason for wanting to
sell. For particulars call on or address
Mrs. Ella Adams, Plymouth, Cal. 7-tf
B«an the N» Kind You Haw Always Bought
Signature ffl* r//y^i^^^
of I*m&x7cuc/Um,
Card of Thanks.
Mr. and Mrs. Carter wishes to extend
their thanks to those who so kindly
assisted them in their late bereavement
through the death of their daughter
and sister, Ada.
Mr. and Mrs. Carter.
Mr. and Mrs. Evans.
Willis, Rob and Ben Carter,«„..,„ ..^M!£^ilTEfL,,,, !^ a For Infants and Children.
9^STO|||l l The Ki^ You Have
'^ tgetab'irPreparalionror A^" 1 ' " IWl *y !> "OUglll.
similatmgllieFoodandßcgula- I'll M
lu\gtheStoinachsandßowelsof ii JjGEirS tllG #
■~r-r ' 1 Signature /A v
Promotes Digeslion.Cheerfur- m f J llw
ness and Rest.Conlains neilher !§J n W jf «Ip '
Opium, Morphine iior>liiicral. || 01 _^(\ \J
Is'ot Narcotic. ill mi \\ \j*
ntapearOU.O-SAMUn.PnxmR ■ - Y_^\^
.ilxXrnna - \ I 1^
£*AM.&,to- I ': |t J#l •■■ ■'■■-•
jtise&rd f 1 § , _____ H*% % 111
J)iIiHt,MKMJMa+ I ! |\ til" 111
//.Vw.lW- I II 11 lit
Apcrfecl Remedy for ConsUra- ii I V IF UOO
Hon. Sour Stomach.Diarrlioea fa I \kf-
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- i| I VT T-% M fl.. MU
ness and Loss of Sleep, m \J* rOl UVul
Facsimile Signature of ill
<£#&z^ I Thirtu Ynaro
Mm uTniuVS v vii 1 iiiiny • loais
THS OENTAUn ICBFWIV, NCW YORK CITY. '
••••••••■•••••••••••••••a*
: Poison Oak •
• Cured :
• Or your money back if it fails to cure •
• any case of POISON OAK or POISON •
9 IVY within 5 days; return the bottle J
• • to the druggist and he will refund your •
• money. No grease or Salve to soil the •
clothes but a pleasant palatable rem- J
• edy that will effectually drive the dis- •
• ease out of the system. Take no other •
until you have tried 2
•Dr. Mason's Poison Oak Cure •
• For Sale by all Druggists. ]el 7 •
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
INK I AMADOR COUNTY
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : : : $50,000
President ; Alfonse Ginocchio
Vice-President S. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudcy
BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
Alfonse Ginocchio, S. G.Spagnoli.UohnStrohm,
Frederick Eudey and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT— Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from the Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
ourlug you against any possible loss from tire
orotherwise. Dou't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a homo institu-
tion. Send money away through the Hunk of
Amador Couuty; you will save lU 'per cent and
upward over postoftlce or express. Money scut
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in tbe Bank of Amador County.
They receive deposits from #5 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die it can't be found and you ire lia-
ble to be robbed while alive.
j__
usikiM cant
/yj^t / *4f~i£j— *k° nlan w ho wears
K^SSMBfev EXCELSIOR
BRAND
Wm\^7^L /V K.VWVER'B Eicelalor
/ Vvf A llranil "11.(1 I'iotbhiE.
e/^j£JW; /YV 1/ llost ln tlie world. Will
_7 _\\f \t l mark. If not at dealer'e
ul» * 3»*?tv\\ A I Bend for catalogtie.
vi"Sj___P<jy <SXN/ \v "' " ' h " 1 " *~ s ""' s " lr Mf "'
xJ_________J*A\- Kast Cambridge, MaMu
J. GHIGUBRI | BRO.
Cosmopolitan Liquor Store
JACKSON GATE, CAL.
Dealers and Jobbers in foreign and domestic
WINES, LIQUORS & CIGARS
CELECTED stock of Imported Goods. Choice
>J California Wines, popular brands Eastern
and Domestic Beers; special bottling.
Havana, Key West and New York Cigars.
Bourbon, Rye, Sweet and Sour Mash Whiskies
of celebrated distilleries. ja2 1y
/ VANDERPOOi; \
1 1 HARNESS MAKER I
•if Plymouth, Cal. W
l\ Can Make or Repair your /I
M II \ ftMF's^ in an up-to-date work- ji\
Vil " 313 nmnllke manner - P)
i|l He carries all kind of Harness and l|_/
m supplies in the line. Also, b
■ liugfjies, Carriages & Carts 1
\ Carriage Trimming a specialty. ja!!3 /
A.H. KUHUIAN
Contractor and Builder
Will do work in any part of
Amador County. If you want
to build, send a note to Jackson
I'oitoffice and I will call on you.
Estimates furnished without cost
on any kind of building. Will
make plans and specifications for
you. mar2tf
CITY MEfIT MARKET
North Main st., Jackson, Cal.
Geo. L. Thomas Sc Co., Prop'rs
Dealers in all kinds of meats. Choice
BEEF, MUTTON,
DODK VPAI
LAMB, HAMS,
CORNED BEEF, BACON,
At . lowest ' market prices. Orders
promptly delivered. jj a 8
COLONIST RATES
TO CALIFORNIA
SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES
Daily, Sept. 15 to Oct. 15, '04
From SIOUX CITY $25.00
COUNCIL BLUFFS 25.00
OMAHA :. 25.00
ST. JOSEPH 25.00
KANSAS CITY 25.C0
LEAVENWOETH 25.00
DENVER 25 00
. HOUSTON 28.15
ST. LOUIS ... 30.00
NEW ORLEANS ....: . 30.00
FEORIA 31.00
BLOOMINGTON 32.00
ST. PAUL 32.90
CHICAGO 3300
NEW YORK 50.00
The cost of a ticket can be deposited at once
with any Southern Pacilic Agent in California
and the ticket-will bo furnished to the passen-
ger in the East, while these low rates are in
effect.
Stopoveis allowed, at certain intermediate
stations in California, except L,os Angeles and
San Francisco, up to Oct. 31st, 1001.
Illustrated California Literature
Mailed Free to any Address.
J. IS. GKAV, T. 11. <;OOIMI,\N,
Div. Pass. Agt., Gen. Pass. Agt
Sacramento. San Francisco.
AMADOR BAKERY
A. DAL PORTA & CO., Prop'rs.
WHEN YOU OQF AH
WANT FRESH V DKLA U«
\V<^ also keep a large stock of
Staple and Fancy
T^ VJTXvOOJIiXvXJIiO.
Our Prices will suit you.
Our Specialty— Fresh Bread each day except
Sunday. jaB
Geo. McMillan
FOTOGRAPHER
"Fine Carbon Fotos" all sizes. Groups
and MiniDg Views. Stamp Fotos
and Button Jewelry. "
JACKSON - - Jeu - CAL.
(»JOP'tHAT COUGH
ilkv^C'/ *^^^T ** *. ivßLf %J An almost, infallible remedy for dis- |
eases of the Throat, and Lungs,
&cw° 9* 1^ VTfcl^ r^T^/'XT* A mx/r* k . nown used fte worW over for
<^pl^r EXPECTORANT mostaCentu;vr *
97000 GASH and
ROUND TRIP TICKETS TO
ST. LOUIS FAIR for
Apply to 25 GENTS
J. Potter. & Co.,
Rooms 23, 24 and 25, 115 Kearny St.
6»a Fnmcisco, Cal. ,-.: r
THE ,VMADOR^EDaEII; JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBEB 30, 1904.
The Girl
From the East
Marjorie A. Barkley
Copi/ify/it, J904, b]i T. C. McClure
There; was excitement among the
young 'officers at Fort Wayne when
Hicks, the little corporal who wore his
cap on the side of his head, spread the
report that the girl from the east had
tome and had been escorted to Colonel
Klein's house. ''•
During that first day there was an
unusual amount of promenading in
Officers' row. Lieutenants, sergeants
and even corporals found time to walk,
in approved military style, past the
colonel's quarters, and there was one
who showed signs neither of excite
ment nor ' iuterest. It was Captain
Roberts, lie told his friend, a first
lieutenant, that he wouldn't go around
the corner to see twenty girls. Where
at the lieutenant grunted and said
something about behavior in the Phil
ippines, adding, with frank sarcasm:
"You're a peach, you are, to pose as a
woman hater after cutting me out
with the little senorita so clean that
every fellow in the regiment was afraid
to have you see his girl. I know you
all right, old pal,. and I'll bet with the
rest that you take your little stroll In
the row on the heels of some big head
ed corporal. I passed the house my
self," he owned boldly, "aud I saw her
too. She's a regular beaut, Dick."
But even his best friend failed to
awaken the interest of the captain. He
went so far as to get into citizen's
clothes that same afternoon and leave
the fort for a walk in the river road.
This, by the critical corporals, was con
sidered stock up.
When the captain reached a sandy
strip of beach a mile or more from the
fort he stretched out at full length
and gazed at the water where freight
aud passenger steamers passed on their
routes to the great lakes.
His thoughts, whether, they were
upon commerce or navigation, were
profound indeed, for he started when
he heard the rush of a woman's skirts
and saw from the corner of his eye
that a girl was approaching. He mov
ed a little, but did not look in her di
rection until the girl stopped and said
softly: "I beg your pardon, but isn't
this— it is! Dick, I knew it was you!"
Captain Roberts sprang to his feet
and looked into the girl's flushed face.:
"It's Margaret, Dick," she said.
"Peggy." ,
Roberts took the hand she offered.
"Peggy," he said wonderingly. "Peg
gy, you take my breath away. Where
did you come from?"
"I'm staying at Colonel Klein's, but
where did you come from?"
"You, at the fort?" he asked in
credulously. "That's where I live. Sit
down here on this rock. Peggy, Peg
gy Adams, do you realize how you
have surprised me? When did you
strike these parts?"
"This morning."
"No! Then you're the girl from the
east? They've been talking about you
for weeks."
t"IIow lovely of them— and you?"
"Why, I'm up there too."
"Those clothes?" she said doubtful
ly.
"Are 'cits,' "he finished, smiling. "I
wear a uniform up there." ■
"Oh! And what are yon— what
rank?"
"Captain," he said briefly. "Peggy,
how you have grown up."
'.Have 1?" she laughed. "And so
have you, about two feet higher, and
you went to West Point after all?"
"Yes, father insisted."
"Do you like the nrmy?"
"Oh, yes, when we see active serv-
"Then you have seen active service.
In the Spanish-American war? Oh,
tell me about it!"
Roberts laughed. "I will some time,"
he said. "I will tell you anything you
ask, but let's talk about you now.
Where have you been all these years?"
. "School and college and around at
places."
"That means traveling, I suppose, yet
you never visited West Point?"
"Never. I didn't know that you were
there, that you had gone back. You
know you said" —
."Vc"s, I said several things about that
time. You haven't forgotten then?"
"Forgotten? Oh, Dick, I couldn't
forget! Never! Wasn't it dreadful?"
"It was rather a bad mess, but we—
at least I— showed remarkably good
taste, though you weren't as beautiful
then as you are now."
"I can't snub you for that," the girt
said, with carefully lowered lashes.
"It sounds genuine. You always were
thoroughly genuine, Dick."
"Yes, I was in earnest then," he
said, smiling. "You were my first
sweetheart." He laughed aloud. "My,
how you cried when the minister re
fused to marry us! I flattered myself
that you were disappointed, but it real
ly was your pride, you poor little girl."
He regarded the poor little girl's
blushing face with tender affection.
"I think that the old minister was
the sweetest man I ever met He knew
that we were eloping. How gentle he
was and tactful. I have always
thought of him with thankfulness akin
to love."
"I thought he was a regular old
donkey, but it appears that I am the
only one who was in real earnest." he
said tentatively.
Peggy laughed. "Do you remember
my high heeled boots?" she asked, Ijr
noring his remark.
"Oh, don't I, though! You trippci
and I had the delirious joy of catching
you in my arms. But do you remehiriei
Uow I saved money? I've roared ovor
UUDQR HER I II! CMHI INTER OGEAN
- $'* r>n per YEAR £?■$
my wi'.lness more than once. • Yon
know I had only $25 to my name, and
I salfl that carriages were too slow and
t!i.:t we would much bettor take a car."
"I b:id forgotten that," I'eggy said,
'but 1 remember how fighting mad you
were when papa rushed in. You stood
between him and me and said, 'Sir,
your daughter has consented to be
come my wife!' Oh, Dick, wasn't It
funny?"
"Yes," he said slowly. "Sometimes
It seems funny to me and sometimes it
seems strangely tragic. That we were
such babies is the only saving fact
Toor kids!" He sighed and turned his
eyes from the girl's face. "I suppose
you're engaged now?" he said. • -■>_
"How does that happen?"
She shook her head. "And your?,
she said.
"Engaged? No, indeed. I never saw
but one lovable. girl in my life."
"And she wouldn't many you?"
"She wouldn't. There will never be
another. I lost track of her."
"But you didn't forget her?" the girl
asked softly.
"I never forgot her for a minute.
But It's too late to find her now. She
doesn't care for me anyway."
"Oh, Dick, don't say that Any girl
ought to care for you. Just the fact
that you stay true to ' one woman
should be enough. Don't give up and
spoil it"
"Will you give me a recommenda-'
tion?" he asked, smiling. "Say that
none of my relatives were hanged or
something like that?"
"I could say much better things. It
is beautiful that you want to find her.
I like it, Dick. And I think the girl
will like it."
Roberts looked deep into her eyes,
but he saw no self consciousness. He
forgot what he had read many times,
that women are clever actresses.
"Your advice may be good," he said
after a few moments of silence. "But
what would you have said yourself,
Peggy, If I had hunted.you up and had
told you about caring for you? The
girl is very much like you. What would
you have said?"
"Oh, that's silly, Dick," sho said
quickly. "You know you wouldn't"
She looked past Roberts and frowned
uneasily. "It's going to rain," she mur
mured, "and I'm cold."
"Oh, I suppose so," Dick said gloom
ily. "She'd say that too. That's why
I didn't hunt her up."
"But it's going to rain. There, I felt
a drop, Dick."
Roberts rose quickly and looked to
ward the fort
"By Jove, it is, Peggy. I didn't no
tice those clouds. Here comes the
wind. We'll have to stand under those
trees till it blows over. I'm mighty
sorry that I didn't notice it." He
slipped off his coat and wrapped it
about the girl's shoulders.
"Oh, don't, Dick," she protested.
"Please. You know girls don't take
cold as easily as men. They're used
to exposure."
They ran to a clump of trees and
Roberts made the girl kneel by a low
stone wall that ran at the side of the
road.
"Dick, I don't want you to stand
there in the rain. Please take your
coat"
He smiled down at her. "What a
foolish little girl it is," he said. "But
I'll kneel beside you if you think it's
safe."
She raised her questioning eyes to
his. "I wish you would," she said.
"I don't like to have you take such a
terrible risk, and just to protect me,
when I can keep dry in this corner as
well as not"
Roberts . dropped to his knees and
leaned ngalnst the wall.
"Peggy," he said, "Just to protect
you I would give my life. Didn't you
know that, dear?" There was tender
ness in his tone and conviction. He
spoke not passionately, but truly.
Peggy locked her hands tightly to
gether and her lips quivered. .lt seemed
a long time before she could', raise her
eyes. Then she met the earnest ques
tioning gaze of the man.
"You may," she said simply. "Dick,
you may."
The ruin had ceased and the^clouds
had hurried «n their way towatrd the
east when Peggy and Captain Roberts
entered the reservation and were! met
by the jovial colonel.
"Well," he said heartily, "Peggy.
I've had a searching party out' for you,
but I just heard -that you two were
coming up the river road. This looks
bad, bad. Why, we began to think
you and the captain, here, had eloped."
Peggy flushed and glanced nt the
younger man. Then. she smiled at" the
colonel.
"We did," she said demurely, "six
years ago."
Sweets an Preuenta.
Sugar and preserves were fashionable
presents in Queen Bess' time. Every
one seemed to have had "a sweet
tooth" In those times. The dean and!
chapter of Salisbury, having a case to
be tried before Justice Hale, presented
him with six sugar loaves, for which
the judge, who was exceptionally
scrupulous, insisted on paying. In
Davenant'a poem, "Madagascar," oc
curs the couplet:
Then reconcile the rich for gold fringed
gloves,
The poor for God'e sake or for sugar
loaves.
The sergeants of the house of com
mons in Lent, 1585, received from
Lord Howard a present of sugar. The
chamber of Exeter in 1610 voted sugar
loaves to two canons for their morn
ing lectures. Sometimes marmalade,
oranges, lemons or even potatoes toot
its place, and when sugar became
cheaper the custom ceased. In 1581
all persons in Scotland not being
dukes, earls, etc., possessed of at least
£250 in yearly rent were prohibited the
use of confections, foreign drugs an'J
costly spices.— Westminster Review.
VB AI I *€S JS G^ TABLE SICILIAN
O«L.Lrf JL^ Hair Renewer
Why not stop this falling of your hair? At this rate you will soon
be without any hair' Just remember that Hall's Hair Renewer
jtopsjaljing hair, and makes hair grow. Urm £l?&grlZs!£2i TV"*
a M CWfflS^'ftSltot* USE LOMBEIIMAN'S CODE AND TELECODE
H. NATHAN, Secretarl ft ?T&m urer L ° NG AND " R6E rin ***S A SPECIALTY
603-604-603-606-607 J"§_P^A^*2ik Lumber Phone 19
Claus Spreckels B'ldg flfffl«n\lsyGffla&:
san franc.sco. OT|^|||||||''^ Wt Oregon Pine,
Te.ephone: fJV h^^JSs Cedar and
Private Exchange 279 •O^w l^lVJ? t-» s .
W *£pflfc&^ Redwood
.# %■ %■ /^^S^^ Lumber
; (.ncorporated) Rough or Worked
WE CIVE SPECIAL ATTENTION TO THE MINER'S REQUIREMENTS IN
MINING VJ .1 tER AND TIMBER.t: Delivered to any destination desired.
| W* I* -BBTT'LI! l i||
| [ CENTRAL > MARKET [ ||.
♦ Fancy Groceries. Fresh Fruits, Vegetables ■ •
• FTXR ASSORTMENT OF TEAS AND COFFEES. \ \ _.
I: [ FRESH FISH EVERY THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. | ii
* * < '
<> Drop in and Compare Prices and be Convinced that Yon can ! ';'
« i Save Money hy Trading With Me. \ \
*' : ■%:->;-. <
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦»♦♦♦»»♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦»] «
! fliiOß LEDGER I WEEKLY BO INTER OCEAN
— $2.50 PER YEAR - i
PIONEER FLOOR IS PERFECTION^-
A Made From SELECTED WHEAT
*| Blended According to Our Own Formula .
M Produclno Perfect Results and
A Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
(| Sweet to the Palate's Touch and
•■ PIONEER FLOUR MILLS. SACRAMENTO — •
j LIVERY -■ STABLE |
| &~~;'~'B£*ri£z3&& J O'NEILL & PODESTA, PROP'S. «
•J . . ■;-;-••■- ; ■:: - i
j Transient Customers given the very best of attention, i
: | Telegraph and Telephone Orders Promptly ' {
fi Attended to. Phone Main 383. *'-'■'. I
1 Four-in-Hands, Surreys, Pole and Single Buggies, Saddle Horses, c
9 , :■■■.-■■■ . ■ " S»
* MAIN STREET, JACKSON - - - CAL. * *
l»FvALi~DMr^iiL
FOR SALE BY • |
| •-- E. GINOCCHIO & BRO. General Merchandise. Jackson, Calif. >
L. OETTINGEU S. It. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry 1 Machine Shop
Sutter CreeK. Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet Iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made, at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
aud complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
i-on, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc., which we will
well at the LOWEST CASH PRICES. • . "
TO THE UNFORTUNATE
_s<___pP^ cialist in San i'rancis-
JX?I \k 4Wffl eostillcontinuestocuru
ffilrm t Ink iftrii fl B " Sexual and Seminal
iaji'l/au l l}i'fc«VvCt7 DUeases.such as Ghon-
C""C ""* i >S?!l__>v____S3fc ilgSSt f |a orrhea,Gleet, Stricture,
•^^»jHMn_|K|ym_JK_P| Syphilis in all its forms
<^4»sW'ra i 'H^W'l's»^ Skin Diseases, Nervous
|^y_^^^^^pS L "min"nVeakneJ«,an y d'
s>X<\»sS*ss3KSsSkS«B£3 Loss o f Manhood, (he
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counte-
nance dark spots under the eyes, pain in the
head, ringing in tho cars, loss of confidence,
dinidcncc in approaching strangers, palpitation
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and back,
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs,
consumption, etc.
DR. GIBBON has practiced in San Francisco
over 40 years, and those troubled should not
fail to consult him and receive the benefit of
his great skill and experience. The doctor
cures when otters fail. Try him. Cures guar-
anteed. Persons cured at home. Charges reas-
onable. Call ox write.
Dh. J. F. Gibbon, 829 Kearney street, San
Francisco. Cal.
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE,* CALIFORNIA.
Boarding and Day School conducted by the Sis-
ters of Notre Dame (Namur). Founded in 1856
The curiculum embraces all tbe branches of
a solid English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses ln art, language and music.
For further information address
aplO-tl SISTER SUPERIOR.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Imported and Domestic
Wines4iquors*Ciprs
JACKSON CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. P. MAR-
tell Cognac, Moat & Chaudon. White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgun Bros.,
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries: Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dutxm Kreres,
Bordeaux, Clarets and Sauterneg; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim
ited, Walkerville, Ontario, Canada: John de
Kuyper & Zoon, Cottcrdam, Gin; GilkaKuem-
mel, from J.. A, Gllka, Berlin; Barthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester, N. V,. Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness'
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London); Cantrell & Covhranc, Belfast, Ginger
Ale; Naglee Brandy; Reimporled American
Whlskjes.
MINERS' HEADQUARTERS
AT
Tarn & Marenzi's
MAIN STREET, JACKSOH.
EVERYTHING -^- :—: — — •
In the line of Wearing Apparel used
by a Miner can be found at our Store.
We make a specialty of Gents' Fur^.
nishings as well, and our prices are as
low as tho lowest.
Sole Agents for the Mercantile
Tailoring Co. of Chicago.
jan 8
T» ICHAIll) WElili
United States Commissioner
JACKSON, 'CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other Slings;
taking of final proofs and ail other Land
Business.
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
Agect for Phoenix Assurance Company of
London, and Washington Providence Fire In
Burance Companies. jcatf
Grove's Tasteless Chill Tonic
has stood the test 25 y?«r£ Average Annual Sales over One and a Half Million
bottles. Does this record of merit appeal to yet? ? No Cnre, No Pay. 50c.
Enclosed with eve- ' -ttle is a Ten Cent- gaefregfi cf Grove's Black Root. Uver Pills. ,-:...r.^-t
CHAPTEE CCXI.
An act to provide for the issuance and sale of
state bonds to create a fund for the construc
tion by the board of state harbor commis
sioners of a seawall ana appurtenanoas in
the city and count? of San Francisco; to
create a sinking fund for the payment of
said bonds; and providing for the submis
sion of this act to a vote cf the people.
[Approved March 20, 1903.]
The people of the State of California, repre
sented in senate and assembly do enact as
follows:
Section 1. For the purpose of provlJin" a
fund for the payment of the indebtuess here
by antliorlty to he Incnrred by the bourd of
state harbor com iiiissioners for the erection
of aseawull and appurtcminces in Hie city
and county of S:m Francisco; nt a cost not to
excfcil two million dollars (whic-h said sen
wall and apptirlpnunccs the board of state
harbor commissioners 11 re hereby empower
ed to construct In the intiuner authorized
by liw. and at .1 cost not to exceed said
two million dollar:,) thostato treasurer shall
Immediately afitr the issuance of the pro
clamation of the governor, provided for
In section ten hereof, prepare two thous
and suitable bonds of the State of Cali
fornia, in the denomination of one thous
and dollar* each. The whole iss ■<• of
said bouds shall not exceed tho sum of
two million dollars, aad eald bonds shall
bear Interest at (he rate of four per centum
per annum, from the time of the sale thereof
and both principal and Interest shall be pay
able 111 gold coin of tho present standard
c'L valu , e ', und they shaU be payable at the
office of the state treasurer, at theexplratiou
of nineteen yuars from their date, subject
however to redemption by lot as in this aci
hereinafter provided. (Said bonds sball bear
date, tho second day of Juuuary, A. 1). nine
teen hundred and live, aud shall be made
payable on the second day of January nine
teen hundred and twenty-four A. 1) The
interest accuring on such of said bonds as
are sold, shall be due and payable at Hie
office of the said state treasurer oil the.--er.olld
day of Juuuary. and on the second day if July
of each year after tbesale or the same: pro
vided, that the first payment ofinterestshall
be madu on the second day of January \ 1)
nineteen hundred and six, on so many of
said bondsas may have been theretofore sold
At the expiration of nineteen years from the
dateof said bonds, all bonds sold shall cease
to bear interest, and, likewise, all bonds re
deemed by lot shall cease to bear interest as
in this act provided, and the said state treas
urer shall call in. forthwith pay, and cancel
the same, out of the moneys in the San Fran
cisco seawall sinking fund provided for in
this act and he shall on the first Monday of
January, nineteen hundred and twenty-four
also cancel and destroy all bonds not there?
tofore sold. Ail bonds issued shall be signed
by the governor, and countersigned by the
controller, and shall be indorsed by thestate
treasurer, aud each shall have the seal orthe
state stamped thereon. Each bond shali
contain a clause that it is subject to redemp
tion by lot after the year I'JU. v
Sec. 2. Interest coupons shall bo attached
to each of said bonds, so that such coupons
may be removed without Injury to or mutila
tion of the bond. Said coupons shall bo con
secutively numbered, and shall be signed by
thestate treasurer. But no interest on any
ol said bonds shall be paid for any time
which may intervene between the date of
any of said bonds and the issue and sale
thereof to a purchaser.
Sec. 3. The sum of one thousand dollars i«
hereby appropriated to pay the expense that
may be Incurred by tho state treasurer in
having said bouds prepared. Said amount
shall be paid out of the ban Francisco harbor
Improvement fund on controllers warrants
dufy drawn for that purpose.
bEc. 4. hen the bonds authorized to be
Issued under this act shall be duly executed,
they shall be by tie state treasurer sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash
in sucli parcels and numbers as said treasur
er shall be directed by tho governor of the
state, under the seal thereol otter a resolu
tion requesting such sale shall have been
adopted by the board of state harbor com
mlssjonei-s; but said treasurer must reject
any and all bids for said bonds, or for any of
them, which shall be below the par value of
said bonds so offered; and lie may, by public
announcement at the place and time fixed
for the sale, continue such sale, as to the
whole of the bouds offered, or any part there
of offered to such time and place as he may
select. Due notice of the time and place of
salo of all bonds must be given by said treas
urer by publication in two newspapers pub
lished in the city and county of San Fran
cisco, and also by publication in one news
paper published ln the cily of Oakland, and
by publication in one newspaper published
in the city of lajs Angeles, and by publication
In one newspaper published in the city of
Sacramento, once a week during four weeks
prior to such sale. The costs of such publica
tion shall be paid out of the San Francisco
harbor improvement rund, on controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose. The
proceeds of the sale of such Uhhlh shall bo
forthwith paid qver or said treasurer into the
treasury, and must be be by him kept Id a
separate rund, to be known and designated
as Ihe '-Nan Francisco Seawall Fund" and
must be used exclusively for the construction
of seawalls and appurtcuauces thereto on the
waterfront of the city and couuty of San
Francisco, Drafts and warrants upon said
fund shall he drawn upon and shall be paid
uut of said fund In tin-same mannei as drafts
and warrants are drawn upon and paid out
of the San Francisco harbor improvement
fund.
Sec. 5. For tho payment of the principal
and Interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to
be known and designated us the "Siiti Fran
eisi-o Seawall Sinking Fund" shall be and
the same l» hereby created, as follows: The
state treasurer shall, on the first day of each
and every month nfterthesaleof said bonds,
lake from the San Francisco harbor Improve
ment fund sqch sum us, multiplied by the
lime the Imnds then sold a>)d outstanding
have to run, will equal the principal of the.
• mmls sold and outstanding tit the time said
treasurer Khali so tako said sum from said
Sun Francisco harbor improvement fund,
less the amount theretofore taken therefrom
for said purpose: and he shall place the sum
In the- San Francisco seawall sinking fund
created by this act. Said state treasurer
shall, oil controllers warrants duly drawn
for that purpose employ the moneys In said
sinking fund in the purchuse of bonds of the
United States, or of the State of California,
or of the several counties or municipalities
of the State of California, which said bonds
shall be kept ill a proper receptacle, appro
priately labeled; but he must keep always
011 hand a sufficient amount of money in
said sinking fund wlih which to pay the in
terest on such of the state bonds herein pro
vided to be Issued as may have theretofore
been sold. And to provide means for the
payment of interest on the bonds that may
be sold and outstanding, said treasurer shall
monthly take from the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund, and pay Into said sea
wall sinking fund, an amount equal to the
monthly iuterest then due on all bonds then
sold, delivered and outstanding. Tho board
of state harbor commissioners are hereby
authorized and directed by the collection <if
dockage, tolls, rents, wharfage and cranage.
to collect n sum of money sufficient for Hie
nnrposcs of this iict, over above the amount
nilted by section t>jo thousand five hun
dred and twenty-six of the I<olltlcqf Code of
the State of California, Between the first 111VO
the tenth day of November, in Ibe year nine
teen hundred and fourteen, and between tho
first and the tenth day of November of each
year thereafter until tho maturity of said
bonds, the said treasurer shull, in the pres
ence of the governor, proceed to draw by lot
such an amount of bonds as sbal I be reg 11 isle
to exhaust as nearly as may be the amount
ln said sinking fund at that time, and shall
thereupon and before the tenth day of Decem
ber, following, give notice by public advertis
uieut to be inserted twice a week for two weeks
ln two newspniiers published ln tho city and
county of San Francisco, and also in one news
paper published ln the city of Oakland, and also
In one newspaper published ln the city ul Log
Angeles, and also in one newspaper published
in the city at Sacramento, stating the number of
bonds so drawn and that the principal of said
bonds will be paid on presentation to the treas
urer on or before the second" day of January,
following, and that from and after such last
named date all interest upon bouds thus drawu
shall erase and It aliaji be the duty of the treas
urer as soon as said bonds so drawn by lot are
surrendered to him aud jiald to cancel th« same
and Uie interest coupons thereon, aud each
year beginning witli the year I'JU the said treas
urer shall, in the manner aforesaid, proceed to
draw by lot such an amount of bonds as shall
be requiste to exhaust as nearly as may be lite
amount in said sinking fund, and proceed ln the
manner herelnabove stated. After the payment
0/ all of said bonds, the surplus or balance re
iiminjiig In said sinking fund, if any there be,
shall forthwith be paid into the San Franvisvisco
harbor improvement fund. At the time of the
respective drawings by lot as aforesaid, and also
at the maturity of said state bonds, said treas
urer shall sell the United states or other bonds
then ln said sinking fund, at governing market
rates, after advertising the sala thereof in the
manner hereinbefore provided tor the sale of
bonds hereby authorized to be Issued, and shall
use the proceeds for the payment of such bouds
\ @ vi.it PR, JORDAH'S or*.*
fffgMuseum of Anatomy
'I 10 " ST. tot. 6th* 7th, 3.f. CaL
1 1 As£ Ihl Larttit of In klndln %ht World.
_1 m__Nb w « •*"• eoB"uu»ll_r adding npw ip«lnifn«.
' k\l and leant how wooderliiilr jron are made
fill I and how to avoid sickn«is and disease. If_ro«
I\ tt ' n suffer from any of the ills or nun, come to the
m Aoldcst Specialist on the Pacillc Coast,
I DR. JOBTfAW-PRIVATE DISEASE*
Cooiultatlon free and strietlr private. Treatment person-
_ allj or 07 letter. STPBILM thorough!; eradicated
' from the ITStem without using Hrreary,
. EVEBT MAX applying to ns will receive, our
) honut opinion of his complaint.
H« will Guarantee, a rOSITrTE CTREIntvtnnit
\ we undcrtak9, or forfeit One Thouiana Dollars.
Write for Book— PbllOKOph.r of Unvilajjc
_ UAtLin ?m«. ( A valuable bonk for men. )
' DK.JOUD.U «*«.■«., 100 l Market St. 8. F. I
as may be drawn by lot. and at the maturity or
said bonils outstanding shall t,ay »r.d
redeem said matured outstanding bonds out of
sa 2 mon^ ys ta Batd fand tn "tingalshment of
said bunds on controller's warrants duly drawn
for that purpose.
SEC. « The state • controller • and the state
treasurer shall keep full and particular account
and record of all »ti«=- r proceedings under thla
act, and they shall .^..amlt to the governor an
abstract of all such proceedings thereunder
with an annual report, to be by the governor
laid before the legislature biennially; and all
books and papers pertaining to the matter pro
vided for in this act shall at all times be open to
the inspection of any party Interested, or the
governor, or tue attorney-general, or a com
mittee of either branch of the legislature, or a
Joint committee of both, or any citizen of tho
state. -. ~v »m-^,,.
beg. 7. It shall be the duly of the state treas
urer to pay the Interest of said bonds, when the
samo falls due, out of the slnklne fund provided
for in this act, on controller's warrants duly .■
drawn tor that purpose. •
SEO. 8. This act It adopted by the people, • ;
shall take eftect oil the thirty first day of Decem- '
ber, A. D. nineteen hundred and tour, as to all
it* provisions except those relating to and neces
sary for its submission to the people, and for re
turning, canvassing, and prnclniinlng the votes,
... "" to said ci «)_jted provisions this act
shall take effect immediately. :
Sec. 9. This act shall be submitted to the
I«"ople of the State of California for their ratifica
tion at the next, general election, to be holden
in the month of November. A. D. nineteen hun
dred aud tour; and all ballots at said election
shall have printed thereon, and at the end
thereof, the words "For the San Francisco Sea
wall Act," and in a separate line under the same
wonls "Against the San Francisco seawall Act "
and opposite said lines there shall be left spaces
in which the voters may make or stamp a cross
to indicate whether they vote for or against the
said act, and those voting for said act shall do
so by placing a cross opposite tbe words -For
the t<an Francisco Seawall Act," and all those
voting against the said act shall do so by plac
ing a cross opposite the words "Against the San
Francisco Seawall Act." The governor ot this
state shall Include the submission of this act to
the people, as aforesaid, ln his proclamation
calling for said general election. . .
Sec. 10. The votes cast for or against this act
shall be counted, returned and canvassed and
declared in the same manner and subject to
the same rules as votes cast for state officers;
and It it appear that said act shall have re
ceived a majority of all the votes cast for and
against It at such election, as aforesaid, then
the same shall have effect as hereinbefore pro
vided, and shall be irrepealable until the princi
pal and interest of the liabilities herein created
bhall bo paid and discharged, and the governor
shall make proclamation thereof; but If a
majority of the votes cast . as aforesaid are
against this act, then the same shall be and be
come void.
Sec. 11. This act may be known and cited es
the "San Francisco_Seawall Act."
Sec. 12. All acts and parts of acts In conflict
with the provisions of this act are hereby
repealed.
I NATIONAL {
i JACKSON, CAL. \
| BEST OF ACGOMMODRTIONB I
i Rates $1.00 to $3.00 a Day 5
S OFFICE FOR ALL J
S STAGE LINES. J
* Frank A. Voorheis - Prop. 5
••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
CaP Union Stables
***®»» Under Webb Hall *
MAIN STREET - - JACKSON, CAL.
• -M. NEWMAH. Prop,
Tbe Stable equipped with flrst-cius stock
and vehicles. Suitable rigs for Commercial
■ruruiurs with trunks.
* ■",-•
Special Attention Paid *
* to Transient Stock.
Large stable and yard for use of teamsten. ,
T-l. urams answered free of cost. . Z-23-U ■
SUGAR'
♦a* alb.!
- In nrdor to Introdnreow Quality ■
>oc«rl«a we will tend to any anal
i illy on« erder of our Special M
' -rrWn.ilon No. go for ii. ••.___]
>\c v*_r the txpressor Irtignt. II
50IM. belt Granniatwl 0«n» ' H
Suga., whits aud drr*..,. H.OOH
18 lbs. V(V »»ncjr hsa^f fable
Kict. rtif bttt....' ..,-.„.„. |.OOH
■ 101b. pall pure Leaf lard, Bex B
or Bwilt.... u _. _ Lion
Slbs. fanpr laxlliß Brrakfait, If
Hptdyr Ltf or Ctylon Tea . IMB ■'
S lbs. Jfeoha and Jara Coffee, B
roast or ground, none better. LCOH
51b*. pure Baking Powder, H
Eastern "Cream" l.K| .
f «'trrlW«f O.sr..hM*-M.-i»» >v*. Ttblß ' ■
SMITHS' CASH STOW. Inc. 1;
25 Market Btreet, BAN FRANUIHCOH -
"-■ t-t— '- IT'T-| *■ '—*-! H
Fine Sample Commercial
Kotmis. Travelers House
Amador Hotel
— S. J. Peakce, Proprietor— :
AMADOR CITY .... CALIFORNIA.
<•■ *■*
Tbe most excellently appointed hostelry
in Amador County,
-hOT AND COLD BATHS- ' .
A bar in connection supplied with tbe
cboicest Wines, Liquors and Cigars.
'« RATE 3 REASONABLE.
If You Want Sg§
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING BUT , ■
Riihstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made From Pure Hops
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. my 29 .