Established November i, 1855.
LAWYERS.
p.vmm & taiiok
Attorney* at Law
Stoll Building. Sacramento, Cal.
Special attention given to applications for
Jnlted States Mineral Patents and Land and
dining litigation.
|~V 11. SPAGKOLI
Attorney anil Counselor at Law
■ ■■'
JACKSON, CAL. ';;';■ .. .
■ractice in all tbe States and Federal courts
>fflce: Spagnoli building, opposite Hall c<
lecords.
T W. VALUWELL '
Att-.rney-at-I.aw ~-\ri'-
Jackson, Cal.
7111 practice in all courts of the State, " ,Vi
TOHN F. DAVIS
—;— LAWYER —
Jackson, Cal
)fnce on Summit Street, opposite Courtl'ous«e
NOTARIES.
rriLUA oLouuii
Stenographer and Notary Public
)fflce, Judge Davis' law offices. Summit Street
DOCTORS.
HI K. KNDICOTT, M. D.
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
)mce: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times.
"VK. E. V. .TIFFANY
J'hyslclan and Surgeon
PLYMOUTH, CAL.
>rrjCE— Forrest House. Hours— B to 9 a. m ,
and 1 to 2 and 7 to 8 p. in.
Telephone Main 41.
pVlt. 1.. K. PHILLIPS
Physician and Surgeon
JACKSON CAL.
imn- Weil & Renno Building. Residence,
north Main street, opposite California
Telephone No. 401.
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cai,
Office in Manila building. Main Street
[)k. E. V .LONIGO
JFrom the Medical School of Florence (Italy)
v graduate besides from the Medical Depart-
ment University of the State of California,
and ex-Surgeon to tbe City Receiving Hospi-
tal ot San Francisco, begs leave to inform
you that he has opened his office in tbe town
of Jackson, Kay's building, formerly Dr. Rob-
ertson's office, where all who call will be an-
swered day and night
icimral Surgery & Obstetrical attendance his
specialties. Telephone No. 467.
rvlt. J. H. O'CONNOR
Physiciau and Surgeon
Formerly of Roosevelt Hospital and Vander-
illt Clinte. New York City.
Office and residence opposite ttie Methodist
:hurch.
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
DENTISTS.
f\V- C» A. HEKKICK
DENTIST
Jackson. Cal.
)race in Kay bui.aing. Hoars from 9 a. m. to
ftp. m.
pvK. JOHN A. DELUCCHI
7P- — DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
)iticb Hours:— From 9 a m. to 5 p. m.
A. Malatesta :
BAKERY •
SUTTER CREEK, CAL. •
BEST FAMILY GROCERIES •
•
French and American Bread,- Pies, •
Cakes, Cookies, etc. •
Wagon visits Jackson on Tuesday, •
Thursday and Saturday of each week. m
sep3
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
I-
■
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, Jackron
Dealer in— .
AMERICAN WATCHES, CLOCKS JIWEIRY*
. AND SILVERWARE
** All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watches. Clocks and jewelry a
ipeolaltv.
SW GAR
1,3* &h»a
In or*»r ta ln»f**of e oar Duality
Groceries we will tend t» iuj on*
family «n« ardtr of onr Sptclal
Combination No. |O for «8.80.
Wa pay the expreii or fitlfht.
Mlhi. tent Granulated Cans
Buga., white and dry ILOO
18 lbs. new fancy htad Tabla
Rica. T«ry b«t LOO
101b. f.a!l »ur« Leaf Lard, Bex
or Bwlft:. _ tlO
61 n. fanoy EngiUh Brrakfait,
Spider Leg or Ceylon Tea 2.50
S lbi. Mocha and Jara Coffee,
roast or ground, none better. 1.60
Blba. p"re Baking Powder,
Saltern "Cream"..— —— .— ■ 1.80
1«3o
Xnr^kbt Oiim'H-lbiir But. TrUl
Mt*ylt sfaaf Uaa cjui.r-l Irtt.
SMITHS' CASK STOM, Inc.
M Market Btreet, BAN FRANCISCO
JTluw man** Uh ptp<r vln •ntertac.
The Amador Ledger.
CHAPTER CCXI.
An act to provide for the issuance and sale of
state bonds to create a fund for the construc
tion by the board of state harbor commis
sioners of a seawall and appurtenances in
the city and county of San Francisco; to
create a sinking fund for the payment of
said bonds; and providing for the subniis
■ sion of this act to a vote of the people.
' .' [Approved March 20, 1903.]
The people of the State of California, repre
sented in. senate and assembly do enact as
follows:
-Seviion 1. -For the purpose of providing a
fund for (he payment of the Indebtm-ss here
by authority to be incurred by the board of
Ninti- harbor coiiiiniisioiu'rs fur the erection
of » seawall aucl appurtenances in i li<- city
and county of JSmi Francisco, at a cost not to
.exceed two million dollars (which said sea
wall and appurtenances the Gourd of state
harlHir commissiouers are hereby empower
ed to cuiibtruut in the manner authorized
by liw. and at a cost not to exceed said
two million dollars,) the slate treasurer shall,
immediately after the issuance of the pro
clamation of the governor, provided for
in section ten hereof, prepare two thous
and suitable bonds of the State- of Cali
fornia, in the denomination of one thous
and dollars each. The whole issue of
said bonds shall not exceed the sum of
two million dollars, and said bonds shall
bear inttiobt (U Ilie rate of four per centum
per annum, from the time of the sale thereof,
and both principal and interest shall be pay
able In gold coin of the present standard
of value, and they shall be payable at the,
office of the state treusnrer, at theexpiration
of nineteen years from their date, subject,
however to redemption by lot as in this act
hereinafter provided. Said bonds nhall bear
date, the second day of January, A. D. nine
teen hundred and live, and shall bo made
payable on the second day of January, nine
teen hundred and twenty-four A. D. The
interest accuring oil such of said bonds us
are sold, shall bo. due .md payable at the
office of the said state treasurerou the second
day of January. and on theseconddayof July
of each year after the sale, of the same; pro
vided, that the first, payment of interest shall
be made on the second day of January. A. I),
nineteen hundred and six, on so many of
said bonds as may have been theretofore sold.
At the expiration of nineteen years from the
dateofsuid bonds, all bonds sold shall cease
to bear interest, and, likewise, all bonds re
deemed by lot shall cease to bear interest as
in this act provided, and the said state treas
urer shall call in, forthwith pay, and cancel
the same, out of the moneys in the San Fran
cisco seawall sinking fund provided for in
this act and he shall on the first Monday of
January, nineteen hundred and twenty-four,
also cancel and destroy all bonds not there
tofore sold. All bonds issued shall be signed
by the governor, and countersigned by the
controller, and shall be indorsed by the stale
treasurer, and each shall have the seal of the
state stamped thereon. Each bond shall
contain a clause that it is subject to redemp
tion by lot after the year I'JU.
Sec. 2. Interest coupons shall be attached
to each of said bonds, so that such coupons
may be removed without injury toormutila
lion of I h.e bond. Said coupons shall be con
secutively numbered, and shall be signed by
the state treasurer. But no interest' on any
of said bonds shall be paid for any time
which may Intervene between the date of
any of said bonds and the issue and sale
thereof to a purchaser.
Sec. 3. The sum of one thousand dollars is
hereby appropriated to pay the expense that
may be incurred by the state treasurer in
having said bonds prepared. Said amount
shall be paid out of the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund on controller's warrants
duly drawn for that purpose.
Sea 4. When the bonds authorized to be
issued under this act shall be duly executed,
tbeysbaU be by tLe state treasurer sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
iv such parcels and numbers us said treasur
er shall be directed, by the governor of the
state, under the seal thereof after a resolu
tion requesting such sale shall have been
adopted by the board of state harbor com
missioners; but said treasurer must reject
any and all bids for said bonds, or for any of
them, which shall be below the par value of
said bonds so offered; and be may, by public
announcement at the place and time fixed
for the sale, continue such sale, as to the
whole of the bonds ottered , or any part there
of offered to such time and place as he may
select. Due notice of the time and place of
sale of all bonds must be given by said treas
urer by publication iv two newspapers .pub
lished iv the city and county of San Fran
cisco, and also by publication iv one news
paper published in the city of Oakland, and
by publication in one newspaper published
in the city of I,os Angeles, and by publication
in one newspaper published Iv the city of
Sacramento, once a week during four weeks
prior to such sale, The costs of such publica
tion shall be paid out, of the Sun Francisco
harbor improvement fund, on controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose. The
proceeds of the sale of such bonds shall be
forthwith paid over by said treasurer into the
treasury, and must be be by him kept in a
separate fund, to be known and designated
as the -San Francisco Seawall Fund" and
must be used exclusively for the construction
of seawalls and appurtenances thereto on the
waterfront of the city and county of San
Francisco, Drafts and warrants upon said
fund shall be drawn upon and shall be paid
out of said fund in thesame inannei as drafts
and warrants are drawn upon and paid out
of the San Francisco harbor improvement
fund.
.Sec. 5.. For (ho payment of the principal
and interest of said bonds v sinking fund, to
be known and designated as the "San Fran
cisco Seawall sinking Fund" shall be nnd
thesame is hereby created, as follows: The
state treasurer shall, on the first day of each
and every month after the sale of said bonds,
take from the Hun Francisco harbor improve
ment fund such sum as, multiplied by the
time the bonds then sold and outstanding
have to run, will equal the principal of the
bonds sold and outstanding al the time said
treasurer shall so lake said sum from said
San Francisco harbor improvement fund,
less the amount theretofore taken therefrom
for said purpose; and he shall place the sum
in the San Francisco seawall sinking fund
created by this act. Said slate treasurer
shall, on controller's warrants duly drawn
for that purpose employ the moneys in said
sinking fund in the purchase of bonds of the
United States, or of the State of California,
or of theseveial counties or municipalities
of the state of California, which said bonds
shall be kept in a proper receptacle, appro
priately labeled; but he must, keep always
on hand a sufficient amount of money in
said sinking fund with which to pay the in
terest on such of the state bonds herein pro
vided to be issued as may have theretofore
been sold. And to provide means for the
payment of interest on the bonds that may
be sold and outstanding, said treasurer shall
monthly take from the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund, and pay into said sea
wall sinking fund, an amount equal to the
monthly interest then due on all bonds then
sold, delivered and outstanding. The board
of state harbor commissioners ate hereby
authorized and directed by the collection of
dockage, tolls, rents, wharfage and cranage,
to collect a sum of money sufficient for the
purposes of this act, over above the amount
limited by section two thousand live hun
dred and twenty-six of the Political Code of
Hi" State of California. Between the lirsi and
the tenth day of November, in the year nine
teen hundred anil fourteen, and between the
first and the (until day of November of each
year thereafter until the maturity of said
bonds, the said treasurer shall, in the pres
ence of the governor, proceed to draw by lot
such mi amount of bonds us shall be requixtc
to exhaust, as nearly as may bo (he amount
In Bald sinking fund, at that time, and shall
thereui>on and before, the. tenth day of Decem
ber following, givo uotice by public advertis
ment to be inserted twice a week for two weeks
in two newspapers published iv the city and
county oJ San Francisco, and also in one news
inper published iv the city of Oakland, and also
iv one newspai>er published in the city ot Ipa
Angeles, and also in ono newspaper published
iv the city ol Sacramento, stating the number of
bonds so drawn and that the principal of said
bonds will be paid on presentation to the treas
urer on or before the second day ol January,
following, and that from and after such last
named date all interest upon bonds thus drawn
1 shall cease and It shall be the duty of the treas
urer as soon as said bonds so drawn by lot are
surrendered to him and paid to cancel the same
and the interest coupons thereon, and each
yoar beginning with the year I'JU the said treas
urer shall, in the manner aforesaid, proceed to
draw by lot such an amount of bonds as shall
be requlste to exhaust as nearly as may be the
amount in said sinking fund, and proceed in the
manner horeinabove stated. After the payiuout
of all of Baid bonds, the surplus or balance re
maining iv said sinking fund, if any there be,
slwiil forthwith be paid into Uie San Franciscisco
liarbor improvement fund. At the timo of the
respective drawings by lot as aforesaid, and also
at the maturity of said state bonds, said treas
urer shall sell the United States or other bonds
then in said slaking fund, at governing market
rates, after advertising the salo thereof in the
manner hereiubeforo provided for the sale of
bonds hereby authorized to be Issued, and shall
use the proceeds for the payment of such bonds
as may be drawn by lot, and al the maturity of
said bonds outstanding shall pay uud
redeem said matured outstanding bonds out of
said moneys in said fuud in extinguishment or
said bonds on controller's warrants duly drawn
for that purpose.
KEO. t» The state controller and the state
treasurer shall keep full and particular account
and record of all their proceedings under this
act, and they shall transmit to the governor an
abstract of all such proceedings thereunder,
with an annual report, to be by the governor
laid before Uie legislature biennially; and all
books and papers pertaining to tho matter pro
vided for in this act shall at all times be open to
tlie inspection of any party interested, or the
governor, or tlie attorney-general, or a coin
mittoo of either branch of the legislature, or a
Joint committee of both, or any citizen of Uie
state.
Sec. 7. It shall be Uie duly of the state treas
urer to pay Uie interest ot said bonds, when Uie
same lalis due, out of, the sinking tund provided
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY. CALUbOIIXIA, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1904.
for in this act, on controller's warrants duly
drawn tor that purpose.
SEO. 8. This act if adopted by the people,
shall take effect on the thirty first day of Dncem
ber, A. D. nineteen hundred and tour, as to all
its provisions except those relating to and neces
sary for its submission to the people, and for re
turning, canvassing, and proclaim ing tlio rotes,
and as to said excepted provisions this act
shall take effect immediately.
SEC. 9. This act shall be submitted to the
people of tho State of California for their ratifica
tion at the next general election, to be uoltlpn
in the month of November, A. I), nineteen hun
dred and four; and all ballots al xald election
shall have printed thereon, and at the end
thereof, the words "For tlie San Francisco Sea
wall Act," and In a separate line under the same
words "Against the San Francisco Seawall Act,"
and opposite said lines there shall be left spaces
in which the voters may make or stump a cross
to indicate whether they vote for or against the
said act, and those voting lor said act shall do
so by placing a cross opiwsite the words "For
the San Francisco .Seawall Act." and all those
voting against the said act shall do so by plac
ing a cross opposite tlie words "Against the Kan
Francisco Seawall Act." The governor of this
state shall mcl ude the submission of this act to
the people, as aforesaid, in his proclamation
calling for said general election.
SEC. 10. The rotes cast for or against this act
shall be counted, returned and canvassed and>
declared in tbe same ruauner and subject to
the same rules as votes cast for state officers ;
and if it appear that said act shall have re
ceived a majority of al 1 the votes east for and
against It at such election, as aforesaid, then
Uie same shall have effect as uereiubeforo pro
vided, and shall be irreiiealable until Ihe prim i
pal and Interest of the liabilities herein created
shall be paid and discharged, and the governor
shall make proclamation thereof;- but if a
majority of tlie votes cast us aforesaid are
against this act, then thesame shall be and be
come void.
SEO. 11. This act may bo known and cited as
the "San Francisco Seawall Act."
Kec. 12. All acts anil parts of acts in^onflict
with the provisions of this act are hereby
repealed. •
CAMPANELLI Sc OBERT
DEALERS IN
GROCERIES,
DRY GOODS.
BOOTS & SHOES,
GENTS' FURNISHINGS
Old friends are always welcome. New
ones likewise.
A Bar In connection, the appointments of which
are unsurpassed in Calaveras count j. Give
us a call and we will treat you rigbt.
PALOMA - - - - CAL.
LUCOT & FORD
PRACTICAL HORSESHOERS
(|l MAIN STEEET, JACKSON fey
<fj NEAB NATIONAL HOTEL jf^ ■
Particular attention paid to Interfering,
Stumbling, Over-reaching. Cross-Firing, Quar-
ter Cracks, and all Imperfections of the Foot.
Buggy and Carriage Work Prompt-
<*• Agents for Buggies, Carts and other
vehicles at lowest price*.
ALL WORK GUARANTEED. : ." :
CHARGES SEASONABLE.
jam-" TELEPHONE 401.
-_ ** ■
■
Fine Sample Commercial
Rooms. . Travelers House
Amador Hotel
— S. J. Pbarce, Proprietor—
AMADOR CITY - - - - CALIFORNIA.
The most excellently appointed hostelry
in Amador County, .
-HOT AND COLD BATHS-
A bar in connection supplied with the
choicest Wines, Liquors and Cigars.
fl2 RATES REASONABLE.
©pjf Union Stables
*>«eSla Under Webb Hall * . ;.;■; .;■
MAIN STKEET - - JACKSON, CAL.
• M. NEWMAN. Prop.
The Stable equipped with Urst-ciass stocb
and vehicles. Suitable rigs for Commercial
travelers with trunks.
Special Attention Paid *.
* to Transient Stock.
Large stable and yard lor use of teamsters.
Telegrams answered free of cost. 2-23-tf
••••••••••••••••••••••••••
1 NATIONAL, j
JMCDIPSXfi'j
5 JACKSON, CAL. •
I BEST OF ACCOMMODATIONS :
3 Rates $1.00 to $3.00 a Day 2
J OFFICE FOR ALL J
* STAGE LINES. 2
2 Frank A. Voorheis \ Prop. 2
••••••••••••••••••••••a***
Ili Alfalfa Seed
Samples and Quotations on Application.
Catalogue of VEGETABLE and
FLOWER SEEDS— Free
WRITt rOR A COPY
TRUMBULL & BEEBE
Seedsmen & Nurserymen
419-421 Sansarat St. San Franclsot
HALL, LUHRS & CO.
Taste"
C fit t S U p
XjT Just tomatoes and S
||I pure spices only. |;
I|| No preservative used. |
Hi No foreign filler \
13l No > artificial coloring. \
111 As good and pure as your
Iff mother used to make.
H Hall, Luhri (XX Co.
|| Wlolmli Croon Sacramento
AN INCONGROUS COMBINATION.
With a platform that is sileut on
the financial question and a Presi
dential candidate who declares for a
gold standard and votes for the free
silver her' sy; with a platform that
denounces a protective tariff as rob
bery and a vice presidential candi
date who declares that it is essential
to national prosperity, the demo
cracy presents to the voters an in
congruous combination, to say the
least.— Lowell "Mail."
There is not a siujrle act in the ad
ministration of Theodore Roosevelt,
there is not. one single act in his pub
lic or private record, for which he
needs to apologize. On the other
hand the editorial columns of the
democratic papers now supporting
Judge Parker are filled with apolo
gies and explanations of the incon
sistent course of not only the candi
dates but the party which they are
endorsing. ;
The two platforms almost identi
cal? Certain l / they are. Boiled
down to its real essonce, sifted to its
real meaning, the democratic cam
paign of 1904 is a mere unscrupulous
hunt for office. They have no fixed
and certain creed. They have no
articles of faith by which d> m»cratic
loyalty can be tested. A party like
an individual, should seek to build
up character. And without convic
tions there can be no character. —
Watson's speech.
In 1903 our internal trade was
estimated at 52 billions of dollars,
equaling the entire international
commerce of the world for that year.
Let's keep up the record, by keeping
up our industries, under the only
way they can be kept — tlie protect
ive tariff system.— York (Pa.) Dis
patch.
Tom Watson says that the 6,500,
000 Democrats who followed Bryan
in two campaigns can not be deliver
ed to the Clevelandites. Watson
should at least subtract one from
that number as Judge Parker has
been delivered to the Clevelandites
and the charges paid.
Judge Parker says the gold stand
ard is irrevocably fixed. He might
have added that this would not have
been the case had the candidate for
whom he voted in 1896 and 1900 been
successful.
Lodger and Weekly Chicago Inter-
Ocean $2.50 a year.
INDIGESTION
"I w»s troubled with atom- El
»oh trouble. Thedford'i Black- Jj
Draught did me more good Pf
in one week than all the doc- if
tor's medicine I took in a g|
year."— MßS. SARAH B. ' §3
SHIRFIELD, Ellettaville, tnd. |9
Thedford's Black Draught |§
quickly invigorates the ac- 11
tion of the stomach and gj
cures even chronic cases of H
indigestion. ]f you will Ri
take a small dose of Thed- fa
ford's Black Draught occa- El
eionally you will keep your IS
stomach and liver in per- B
feet condition. . ,'-•.;'■ tg|
THEDFORD'S §
BLACK-DRAUGHT
II constipation than by any fts
If other disease. Thedford's H
ra Black-Draught not only re- |||
If lieves constipation but cures fe?
I j diarrhoea and dysentery and 19
HI keeps the bowels regular. eg
||| All druggists Bell Fa
II X-cent package*. gjj
H "Thedford's Black- ffl
II Draught is the best mcdi- if
II cine to regulate the bowels Eg
II I have ever used." — MRS. Hi
|:| A. M. GRANT, Sneads f§
if ■ Ferry, N. C. ■ H
consTiPATion
THE SWORDFISH.
Rome of the Tropical Specie* Are of
Enormous Size.
. A queer flsh is the swordfiqh. It is
found In the tropical and subtropical
zones of both the eastern and westeri
hemispheres. Some of the tropical spe
cies are of .enormous size and measure
from, twelve to fifteen feet In length,
with at least three feet long.
The sword is much the shape of a con«
somewhat flattened, the end sharply
pointed, jlt Is smooth on the top and
sides, but the under part Is rough. It
is really; an elongation of the bones of
the upper Jaw and is possessed of very
great strength, for with these weapons
they have been known to pierce the
copper, sheathing of vessels and heavy
plates and timbers; but, although thej
can drive the sword far Into these sub
stances, they cannot draw them out, so
break them off and swim away with
out them.
AJjrS^-fln extends nearly the length
oftlieback of the creature, which ig
folded back ; when the flsh is swim
ming in order that its progress may not
be Impeded if speed is desired, but
when quietly swimming it is often
erected and acts as a sail to carry it
through tlie water. The swordflsh U
very aggressive in its disposition and
will often assail flsh much larger than
itself. Even the whale is not exempt
from its attacks. The food of the
swordflsh consists of smaller flsh,
which it kills by stabbing them with
its sword. There is quite a large busi
ness done in swordflshing, as the flesh
is used for food. The larger speciea
are caught by harpoonidg, the smaller
in nets.
WROTE AN AWFUL HAND.
Da-rid Dudley Field Was Even Worse
Than Horace Greeley.
No compositor could set David Dud
ley Field's "copy." They" tried It In
several large law printing offices in
New York city, but invariably Mr.
Field's manuscript was returned to
him for interpretation. His chirogra
phy was something wretched. Com
pared with it, Horace Greeley's screeds
were copperplate. In the line of un
intelligible "curlycues" the great jurist
could give the great editor "cards and
spades."
Mr. Field never wrote at a desk
while- in his office. He had a green
baize covered little slab screwed to the
arm of his revolving chair, and on this
he would write for hours at a time.
He turned out "copy" quickly, but
days often elapsed before his writings
could be put in tbe hands of the print
er. They bad to be copied, and all
hands in the office took turns at help-
Ing to decipher them. Often copies of
Mr. Field's briefs had to be returned
to him with spaces left for words, and
sometimes whole sentences, to be filled
In by himself. Then he would wax
wroth and declare his- writing was as
plain as day.
Especially when working on his hob
by, codification, Mr. Field's ideas came
too fast for legible transmission to pa
per, and the result was a chaotic ap
pearing mass of characters most be
wildering to the unfortunate copyist.
Tricky Lions.
Some of tbe most dangerous tricks of
animals are those of simulating kind
ness. Charles Montague In "Tales of
a Nomad" says that hyenaja often fol
low lions and finish a carcass the mo
ment the lions have left It. ! Sometimes,
however, the hyenas are too eager and
steal bits of meat while the lions are
still at their meal. \
"I have been told that the lion rids
himself of the nuisance in the follow
ing way: He throws a piece of meat
aside. When the lion is looking the
other way the hyena dodges in and
rushes off with the meat. Presently
the lion throws another piece of meat,
this time a little nearer. The hyena
takes that also. At last the lion throws
a piece very near Indeed. The hyena,
having become reckless, makes a. dash
at this also, but the lion wheels round
and lays him low with a pat of his
paw and a growl of annoyance,"
East Indian Chivalry.
The person of a high class East In
dian woman is sacred. She can never
be touched even with the tips of the
fingers. She is looked upon almost as
a goddess. She can frequent the most
crowded public place without being
subject to Insult. A man that would
gaze at a fiemale passing by, as our
loungers do, would be thought a most
unmannered and uneducated person.
AH this gives her ail air of dignity,
purity, self possession, that is beauti
ful to see, the "normal poise" we hear
so much about and make such* efforts
to gain.— Everybody's Magazine.
A Thoughtful Partner.
A prominent lawyer In a western
city once came east to transact some
business. On arriving at his destina
tion he found that he had forgotten
the name of the firm he had come to
see. After spending some time in use
less efforts to remember he at last de
cided to telegraph home to his partner
for the necessary information. In an
swer he received the following tele
gram: "Your business is with Smith &
Jones. Your name is Brown."— New
York Tribune.
A Predicament.
"Mrs. X.'s new suit came home this
morning, and she's afraid to show the
bill to her husband."
"Why, Is it bo large?"
"No. It's $10 smaller than usual,
and she thinks he'll cut her allowance
if she doesn't keep it up to the usual
high figure."— Detroit Free Press.
The Kind He Smoked.
Patient— What is the matter with
me, doctor— tobacco heart? Physician
(sniffing the atmosphere)— Not at all.
sir. Cabbag« heart— Chicago Trlbnne.
••••••••••••••••••••••••O«
5 MORTIMER 5
• The Painter •
• Is prepared to do all kinds of %
• House, Sign and Carriage •
• Painting. •
• PAPER HANGING, ETC. •
• In rear of Bank - - Jackson, Cal. •
••••••••••••••••••••a*****
We represent THE RED FRONT Our _*_
IIKHiISt -,„ jackson's...... • READY MADE CLOTHES
T^:r:i.l cheapest. dry m^m JZ ||||
We are Now Ready for Business
WITH OUR NEW FALL AND WINTER STOCK
r An attempt to enumerate just what this stock consists of would be as hard a
task as to. describe the Solar System within the, narrow borders of these columns.
It is, however, sufficient to say to those who know us that never before have we
beenso well prepared to meet the demands olour many.patrons a5.n0w. ...-..;,..
:If you are strangers in town and you have had no opportunity to be in our
store yet, the strongest argument that we could use in inducing you to first call on
us, is to inquire from your neighbors who THE RED FRONT is.
Ladies' Flannelette Ladies' Eiderdown Ladies' Flannelette
Wrappers Kimonas Night Gowns
Best $1.00 value. All new Best $1.00 value. All new ; — Best $1.00 Value—
Men's, Boys' and SHOES, SHOES,
Children's Clothing ? SHOES, SHOES
Best line in town, the largest We guarantee every pair we
line in town. Come and see. sell. New stock received.
"The Swellest Drygoods you ever saw in Jackson," said one lady
to another when they first, looked at our goods.
."STovlII 3D3.iss: it if 37-o-u. fall to see tl^ena.
PRESENCE OF MIND.
The Way Two Englishmen Captured
four Hundred Prisoners.
Toward the close of the peninsular
war 400 prisoners were captured by
John Colborne, afterward Field Mar
shal Lord Seaton. Colborne, who was
wounded at Talavera, had been dis
abled for some time, but In 1813 he
was in active service again, and when
Wellington's army crossed the frontier
into France he performed what was in
deed the most amazing feat of his ca
reer.
, When ridin#, with no comrade but
the famous Sir Henry Smith, separated
from his column, he saw 400 French
soldiers passing along a ravine below
him. "The only way was to put a
good face on the matter," he wrote.
"So I went up to them, desiring them
to surrender. . The officer, thinking, of
course, the column was behind me, sur
rendered bis sword, saying theatrically,
'Je vous rends cette epee, qul a blen
fait son devoir." (I surrender this
sword, which has done its duty well.)
The 400 followed his example." Sir
Henry Smith used to declare that he
had never seen such cool presence of
mind as Colborne displayed on this oc
casion. ; ~
The Way of Servants.
Subbubs— l see Cashman has an
nounced himself as a candidate for
governor. Citlman— Yes; he declares It
Is his "great ambition to be the serv
ant of the people." ' Subbubs—Serv
ant? What! Doesn't he mean to keep
the place if he gets. lt?-Philadelphia
Ledger.
Whist.
She— Do you really enjoy whist, Mr.
Finesse? He— Do I enjoy it? Not at
nil, madam: not at -all. I play a dis
tinctly scientific game.— Boston Tran
script.
Men ol oak
Timbers of oak keep the old
homestead standing through
the years. It pays to use the
right stuff.
" Men of oak " are men in
rugged health, men whose
bodies are made of the sound-
est materials.
Childhood is the time to lay
the foundation for a sturdy con-
stitution that will last for years.
Scott's Emulsion is the right
stuff.
Scott's Emulsion stimulates
the growing powers of children,
helps them build a firm
foundation for a sturdy consti-
tution.
Send for free sample.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists.
409-415 Pearl Street, New York.
sOc. and $I.OO; all druggists.
UNION HOUSE
| I Jackson,
• Amador Co.
Meals to Order at all Hours
REGULAR MEALS 25 CTS-
Board and Lodging by the Day,
Week or Month.
Frank Simcich • - ie i 8 - • Prop
OAK APPLES.
Forms of a Disease Propagated by a
Minute Gallfly.
The little brown balls popularly
known as "oak apples," which may of
ten be seen growing in clusters upon
oak twigs, are not fruit, as some sup
pose, but forms of a disease which re
sults from the attacks of a minute
Jtllfly (cynlps). This little insect, a
distant cousin of wasps and bees, is
provided with a complicated piercing
ovipositor in her tall, by means ol
which she makes little holes in the
tender shoots of the oak, laying an egg
in each, and at the same time introduc
ing a drop of Irritant fluid.
The substance of the shoot is thus
stimulated to unnatural growth and
produces an oak apple or "gall," which
may be regarded as a sort of vegetable
tumor and serves as a home for the
grub, which hatches out of the egg.
This' can easily be seen by cutting
open a young gall, but in an old one
the Insect has escaped by driving a
tunnel to the outside.
The oak Is infested by many other
kinds of gall. Some are tufted, oth
ers look like currants, and others again
are the little brown "oak spangles"
seen on tbe undersides of the leaves.
Each kind of gallfly leads to the pro
duction of a different kind of gall.—
'London Answers.
BOWER BUILDERS.
Birds That Construct Gardens Foi
Their Own Enjoyment.
There are five different bower birds
three in Australia, the regent, thesatlD
and the spotted; one in the Papuan Is
lands, the catbird, and one in New
Guinea. Their brilliant plumage is
golden yellow, glossy black or spotted
brown, often with a rose tinted collar.
Their bowers are In no sense nests,
but miniature gardens, adapted for en
joyment and courtship and set in the
eye of the sun. A pavement of equal
sized pebbles is arranged, and number
less twigs are thrust firmly between
them In two parallel rows, Inclined to
each other, inclosing an avenue about
a yard long and several inches wide.
To decorate this arbor gay feathers,
ruddy berries, pearly shells, bleached
bones, even watches, knives and other
glittering objects, are tastefully placed
In and around the entrance.
The New Guinea bird, still more of a
gardener, constructs a miniature conical
summer house, with internal gallery.
Before this is a meadow of moss, kept
free from grass, dust and leaves, on
which bright flowers and fruit are dal
ly offered by the enamored male bird
to his mate.
The Jnvenile Japanese.
There are no children in Japan. They
.are dignified burlesques on the grown
ups. The little girls of the family take
care of the babies by having them
strapped to their backs. Nearly every
maid of five or six has a baby tied to
her back, and perhaps that accounts
for the bent back and tottering gait of
the Japanese woman. Though one
never hears a Jap baby cry, if one be
gins to make a mouth and wrinkle up
Its funny little face. Its child mother
quiets it by raising her body on her
toes and heels as fast as she can, and
placidity reigns In short order. A man
would feel like a fool quoting "Mother
Goose" to a Japanese child or trying
to amuse it as one does our children.
As for chucking one under the chin,
that's unthinkable. V: "
A Sequence of Titles.
A German periodical states that a
very strange but none the less true
fact is that the predecessor of the lute
Queen Victoria of England was at one
and the same time William 1., 11., HI.
and IV. He was William I. of Hano
ver, William 11. of Ireland, William
111. of Scotland and William IV. -of
England.
Getting Serious.
"I guess Mr. Olden doesn't feel as
young as he did several months ago,"
remarked the observant man.
"Why do you think sor
"He used to joke with that undertak
er •who lives near him, but he doesn't
do it any mor*"— Philadelphia IMfffst^
Five Cents Per Copy.
THE WORK OF NOVICES.
brcßttons That Hare Worked Woi.
ders In Glassmaklns.
In 1827 a carpenter of ■ Sandwich,
Mass., wanting a piece of glass of a
particular size and shape, conceived
the idea that the molten metal could be
pressed Into any form, much the same
as lead might be, writes William E.
Stewart in the Cosmopolitan. Up to
that time all glassware had been
blown either offhand, or In a mold, and
considerable skill was required, and
the process was slow. The glass man
ufacturers laughed at the carpenter,
but he went ahead and built a press,
and now the United States Is tbe
greatest pressed glassware country In
tbe world. SSS
In 1890 a novice in the plate glass In
dustry, Henry Fleckner of Pittsburgh
whose only knowledge of glass had
been acquired In a window glass fac
tory, Invented an annealing "lehr," the
most Important single improvement
ever introduced m plate glass manu
facture. In three hours by the lehr the
same work is done which under the old
kiln system required three days. •
About the same year Philip Argobast
of Pittsburg, also a novice In glass
making, invented a process by which
bottles and Jars may be made entirely
by machinery, the costly blow oven
process being avoided and the expense
of bottle making reduced one-half.
Colored Clothes and Health.
The health value of colored clothes
Is Infinitely superior to that of sable
fabrics. You will find more microbes
to the square Inch on dark than on
light garments. Black arrests tbe
health giving rays of the sun. It Is
strange that Mme. la Mode should turn
out to be only the high priestess of
health in disguise and - that the mi
crobes of May fair and the bacilli of Bel
gravia should be more afraid of a but
terfly of fashion than of a sable coated
doctor of medicine.— Chic.
A. Last Resort.
Little Boy— l want you t« write ma
an excuse for being late to school yes
terday. Jeweler— Eh? You are not my
son. Little Boy— N-o, but mamma sayi
I had plenty of time to get to school,
so I guess . the clock yon sold her
doesn't go right.
ACROSS COUNTRY.
The signs of the times point to an enor-
mous increase of intelligent public interert
in health: to a new generation with purer,
stronger blood and therefore more active,
braver brains an I
■ft^ njt the blood and an
*3" furnishes a weak
Spot for bacteria to enter.
To enrich the blood and increase the
red blood corpuscles, Dr. Pierce years ago
found a vegetable compound, which he
called Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
ery, that would quickly cure the bad symp-
toms by increasing the red blood corpus-
cles and thereby feeding the nerves on rich
blood. This "Medical Discovery " also acts
upon the digestion and assimilation of food,
so that the blood gets its proper elements
from the products of digestion. Feed the
lungs, stomach and heart on rich red blond
and you have surely a healthy body which
will throw off the germs of disease which
lurk everywhere. Get as near nature's
way as you can. A medicine made entirely
from botanical extracts and which docs not
contain alcohol is the safest. Dr. Pierce*
Golden Medical Discovery contains nei'.:,;j
alcohol nor narcotics.THE AMADOR LEDGER
Published Fridays by
Atnador County Publishing Co.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One year (in advance .12 50
One year (if not in advance) : 3 00
Six months 1 25
Three months 75
One or more copies, each •. 10
Legal advertising— pcr sqr.-lst insertion. $1 00
Subsequent Insertions — per square-each.. 50
ENTERED AT THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS
SECOND-CLASS MATTER.
THT^ PAPPR is kept on file at E. C.
IIHO lArEIv DAKE'S Advertising
Ageucy, ISJ Sansome St , San Francisco, Cali
fornia, where contracts for advertising can be
made for it. . ..,•;■ .;
R. WEBB - ... Editor and Manager
FRIDAY SEPTEMBBR 23, 1904
A LEGISLATIVE RECORD.
"The Echo, firmly believing that the
re-election of the Hon. C. H. McKenney
to the assembly will be for the best
interests of t.his community, this coun
ty, and this, the eleventh assembly
district, shall support A'-. McKenney.
His record,' made at tlv hist session, is
an enviable one. He stands for the in
terests of his district lir-t. last, and all
the time. He did not allow himself to
become entangled with any question
able legislation, and introduced and se
cured in having passed some bills which
were for the great betterment of the
conditions politically.
' "Chief among these was the salary
law, granting salaries to the constables
and justices of tho peace. Under the
operation of that law the people have
ample and continuous poHce protection,
and the constables aro not forced to be
out of reach when needed, because
they must needs go out to earn a living
for their families.
The above from a professedly dem
ocratic paper, is circulating the
rounds of the republican press of
this assembly district. The Ledger
is a republican paper, and cheerfully
gives place to the article, but wishes
it distinctly understood that it does
not iudorse the statements therein
contained. We have been in the
newspaper business long enough to
know with what eagerness a send-off
by a paper of the opposite political
faith is tossed around the circle by
the average politician as an evidence
of popularity and public confidence.
The "Ledger would be pleased to join
in the anthem of praise if it were
able to do so honestly and conscien
tiously, but this it cannot do. It
may be that C. H. McKeuney will
have' no opponent in this assembly
district. That is the policy mapped
out by the programmers, but
whether it is carried to success or
not, the Ledger deems it a solemn
duty it owes to the people to say
that the record of the assemblyman
in the last legislature is far from
commendable. Personally, we have
nothing to say against Mr. Mc-
Kenney. A public servant must be
judged by his record as such. Our
cotemporaries claim to advocate his
reelection because of the record
he has carved out. The Ledger on
the other hand is impelled to with
hold support because of that record.
The all-important point therefore is
to present the record. Our cotem
poraries point to the justice salary
bill as a point in favor. Unfortun
ate allusion! That bill is the very
acme of legislative degradation.
It was conceived in iniquity, having
for its sole object the striking down
of one of the most sacred safeguards
of the taxpayers enthroned in the
constitution, namely, that no in
crease of salary or compensation
shall be made after an officer's elec
tion or during his term of office.
The salary bill was introduced and
passed, and fought through the
courts for no other purpose than to
provide an increase of compensation.
The extract froaa our cotemporary
plainly admits this. And for this
perfidy— this open revolt against the
fundamental law — the voters are
asked to reward him by reelection.
Let those who can swallow such
arguments, we cannot. Inasmuch
as the record generally of C. H. Mc-
Kenney has been brought into the
discussion as a point in his behalf,
we have taken the trouble to look
over the assembly journal, . and
segregate therefrom all the bills
introduced by Mr. McKenney in
the last legislature, and the dis
position made of the same, We ask
a careful reading of this list. Is
there one in the entire list that
tended in any way to the betterment
of political conditions or the relief
of the people generally? The record
is as follows: ';
241— An act to provide for tho con
struction o.f the unfinished part of the
free wagon road from Mono Lake basin
to connect with a road called the Tiogo
road at or near the Tiogo mine, and
making au appropriation therefor.
Passed.
242 — An act making an appropriation
to pay the claim of Geo. C. Graves for
services rendered and expenses incurred
in the extradition of James William
Martin from the state of Oregon.
Failed.
422— An act appropriating money for
the purchase of books for the library
of Preston School of Industry. Passed.
423— An act appropriating mouey for
the purchase of bedding, furniture,
and carpets for the use of Preston
School of Industry. Passed.
424— An act forbidding the employ
ment of inmates of state institutions in
the Manufacture or production of arti
cles for the use of state officers, or the
officers and employes of state institu
tions. Passed.
425 — An act making an appropriation
to pay the judgment of $1,125 rendered
in and by tho superior court of Cala
veras county on the 4th day of Decem
ber, 1902, in an action entitled John
Raggio vs. State of California. Passed.
454 — An act to appropriate tho sum
of $2218.50 to pay the claim of William
Fahey for money due and owing the
said William Fahey from the state of
California. Failed.
478 — An act appropriating money for
establishing an ice making and refrig
erating plant at the Preston School of
Industry. Failed.
479 — An act making an appropriation
to pay the judgment of $370 obtained
in the superior court of the state of
California in and for the county of
Amador Oec. 6, 1902, now held by
Joseph Quirolo. Passed.
480— Also for $550 to pay the judg
ment of Wni. Going for coyote bounty.
Passed.
558 — An act appropriating money for
the maintenance and improvement of
the water system at the Preston School
of Industry, including the construction
of a settling reservoir. Withdrawn.
688— Making an appropriation to pay
the judgment against the state of Cali
fornia, recovered by Oscar R. Brown
in the superior' court ; of Mono for
coyote bounty. Passed.
828 — An act to amend an act relating
to commitments to tho state school at
Whittier and the Preston School of
Industry, fixing the authority to ex
amine and commit to such schools with
the superior court judges of the coun
ties, police court "judges and justices of
the peace, and fixing the responsibili
ties from which commitments are made
to the state for maintenance of the
persons committed therefrom, provid
ing for the manner of payment thereof,
and fixing the responsibilities of the
parents to the counties from * which
their children are committed. Failed.
863— An act to amend an act entitled
an act to establish a uniform system of
county and township governments, by
amending section 190 relating to coun
ties of the 35tb class. Failed.
938— An act making an appropriation
to pay the claim of J. W. Sibole,
Failed.
864— An act to amend an act entitled
an act to establish a uniform system of
county and township governments, by
amending section 192 relating to coun
ties of the thirty-fifth class. (The
notorious justices and constables salary
bill for Amador county.) Passed.
THE TAX LEVY.
For the sake of comparison we
herewith present the tax levy for
state and county purposes for the
past two years:
• 1903 1904
State 56.1 53.5
Hospital 17. 17.
Current expense 51.9 52.5
School fund 32. '32.
Road fund 33. 35.
Special road fund 10.
Total $2.00 $1.90
The total assessment roll for 1903
was $4,918,908 and for 1904 $5,160,
016, showing an increase for the
current year of $141,108. It will be
interesting to show the amount
raised for the various local funds by
the tax levy for the two j'ears. This
foots up as follows:
1903 1904
Hospital $8162 $ 8772
Current expense 24429 27190
School 15739 16512
Roads 22148 18060
$70478 $70434
From this it will be seen that not
withstanding the reduced levy for
road purposes of 8 cents, by the
wiping out of the special road tax!
the amount that will be raised for
local government falls only $44 short
of the amount raised by property
tax last year. The sweeping away
of the special road tax is a cause for
congratulation. It is hoped that it
will never again be resorted to in
Amador county. We have had an
experience of this levy for many
consecutive years, and while it can
not be denied that the main roads
have shown some improvement by
reason of this special expenditure,, it
must be admitted that the improve
ment is not such as to justify a con
tinuance of this lax. But that
which will strike the Amador tax
payers from the above showing is
that all departments of the local
government are on the up-grade in
the matter of running expenses.
Increase of the assessment roll
brings no relief in the shape of re
duced levies. Many will ask, why
is this? The change in the mode of
compensation of. township officers
from fees to salaries will account for
the additional amount required in
the current expense fund this year.
That explanation, however, does not
explain. The question still remains:
How comes it that almost every
change made hi the laws touching
Amador county is in the direction of
piling up additional burdens upon
the people? Is it not high time to
take a different tack? Is there no
room to display statesmanship in
the reduction of governmental ex
penses? The truth is, situated as
Amador county is, the tax rate ought
not to exceed, with a proper revision
of our revenue laws, $1.50 on the
$100, even with the assessment roll
as it now stands. We are free to
say that every dollar paid by the
property owners over and above
that rate, is a tribute to ill-digested
laws. Every boost of the assess
ment roll amounts to a deeper dive
into the pockets of. the property
holders. It may be that other coun
ties are passing through the same
unwholesome experience. It may be
also true that the state government
is also afflicted with the same disease
of extravagance and misadjusted
laws. But even so, this tends to
make the situation all the more
serious.
Start an Herb Garden
Fortunes in GINSENG, GOLDEN SEAL and
SENEGA, all valuable medical plants. Easily
grown and hardy throuchout the U. S. Always
a ready market and demand increasing. Room
in your garden to grow thousands of dollars'
worth. We sell roots and seed. Plant in fall.
Booklet and magazine telling all about it 4c
Write today. OZARK GINSENG CO
Dep't W , Joplin, Mo.
Before the <j reat protective system
was inaugurated by the republican
party a very lar«je uumber of arti-
cles now deemed by our people to be
"necessaries of life" were luxuries
Protection should be given to all
pursuits, so that the lanjest variety
of industries may be encourayed.
The fact that only a percentage of
the population is engaged in a par-
ticular industry is no reason why
that industry should be destroyed,
our country deprived of the art and
other industries overcrowded with
the displaced labor.
TlUfl A-MADOB LEDGER: JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1904.
MISCELLANEOUS.
DeWITT'S
WITCH HAZEL
salve:
THE ORIGINAL.
A Well Known Cure for Piles.
Cures obstinate sores, chapped hands, ec-
zema, skin diseases. Makes burns and scalds
painless. We could not improve the quality
if paid double the price. The best salvo
that experience can produce or that money
can buy.
Cures Piles Permanently
DeWitt's is the original and only pure and
genuine Witch Hazel Salve made. Look for
the name DeWITT on every box. All others
are counterfeit, prepared by
E. C. DeWITT A CO., CHICAGO.
City Pharmacy, Jackson.
WHAT DID HE MEAN?
( From the New York Sun. ) .
The Democratic candi'late for Vice-
President likewise admires the St.
Louis platform. This is not surpris
ing, for he had a hand in making it,
although, we hope, not 3 decisive
part in the formulation of its doct-
But what in the world does Mr.
Henry Gassaway Davis mean whei.
he says that the St. Louis "declara
tion of principles" is sune, safe and
sound? Hern is one of those princi
ples:
"We denounce protection as *a
robbery of the many to enrich the
few."
Does Mr. Davis believe that is a
sound, safe and sane principle? If be
does, what did he mean when he de
clared to the contrary in his last im
portant speech as a United States
Senator? It will be found on page
1767 of Volume 14 of the congres
sional Record:
"I am for a tariff that will yield
sufficient revenue for the economical
and proper v expenditures of the
government, and in that tariff I be
lieve incidental protection to our
own industries is right -and proper.
It has been so regarded from the
foundation of the government; it
ought to be so now."
How can it be so regarded now, if
protection is the robbery of the
many to enrich the few, as is de
clared in exactly those words by the
platform which Mr. Davis admiring
ly regards as sane safe aud sound?
Workinymeu who remember the
years of bankruptcy between the
coming aud going out of the second
Cleveland administration do not
want "a change."
Why doesn't Wonderly come, we
want a Sineer right away.
POLITICAL CARDS.
S. W, BRIGHT
Regular Republican Nominee for
Supervisor. Township 1.
Election Tuesday, November 8, I9CH.
M. NEWMAN
Regular Democratic Nominee for
Supervisor, Township I.
Election Tuesday, November 8 1904.
MORRIS BRIIMN
Regular Republican Nominee for
Supervisor, Township 4.
Election..! Tuesday, November Bth, ISKM.
CHARLES LYONS
THE LONDON TAILOR
The Largest Tailoring Firm on the Pacific Coast |
Suits to Order from - "$17.50
Trousers to Order from 5.00
Samples and Self Measurement Forms
free by mail.
Suits delivered with privilege of exam-
ination and with a positive guarantee of
satisfaction.
721 Market St. 122 Kearny St.
SAN FRANCISCO
♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
i Globe Hotel
; ; ' ' i w(sr j ;
' NEW MANAGEMENT '
); E. M. HURST Proprietor J|
j i RATES FROM $1 TO $2 A DAY H
] [ Meals from 2oc to 50c. ] [
< ', Sample Rooms for Commer- 3 ',
i I cial Travelers. ! !
< » All Stages stop at this hotel. < >
<• < i
| JACKSON CAL. I
• ' my 6 < '
Notice for Putlication of Time Ap-
pointed for Proving Will, etc.
In the Superior Court of the County of Amador
State of California.
In thematterof the estate of Antonio Jlatu-
lich, deceased.
PURSUANT TO AN ORDER OF SAID
Superior Court, made on the SJthdayof
Außust. ltfOl, notice is hereby given, that SAT-
URDAY, Hie 17th day of SEPTEMBER, I!HM
at 10 o'clock a. in. of said day, at the Court
Room of said Court, in the town of Jackson
County of Amador, has been appointed as the
timo and place for proving the will of said
Antonio Matulich, deceased, and for hearing
the application of (iiwrge J. Matulich for (lie
issuance to him of letters of adnMnistrntic-n
with will annexed, when and where any person
interested may appear aud contest the same
Dated August »Jth. ISKM.
C. L. CULBKRT. Clerk
„ t,  . . By J - R - Huliorty, Deputy Clerk.
C. P. \ icini. Attorney for Petitioner. sep4 i
BUSINESS MEN'S EPIGRAMS
New York Brokers Show Their
English and Good Sense.
( From tho New York Herald. )
THESE FATOR ROOSEVELT.
''My preference for president is
Roosevelt. lam a mugwump. I
voted for Cleveland. Democratic
party not safe with Parker, Hill and
Sheehan in control." ••*U
"I voted twice for Cleveland. I
believe he is safe and sane, and that
the democratic party. is just out of
the insane asylum."
"Roosevelt is a model .for every
• rue American, and the first voters
should consider it an honor t<v cast
their first votes for him. Although
born moderately rich, he has a'wavs
been a worker since leaving college,
whether serving the municipality,
the state or the nation. He has set
an example that his countrymen
should be proud to follow."
"Give me Roosevelt and imperial
ism in preference to Parker, Mc-
Carren, Hill and tho disruption of
our financial and mercantile condi
tions "
"Had_ Cleveland been nominated I
should have voted for him."
"I am a good democra', but do
not deem a change wise at this
time."
"Roosevelt's honest and etfpajble
administration iv the past is a guar
antee that he is upright and
ageous and a man of convictions;''
."Roosevelt is a republican aud,
like him, I believe in keeping the
Philippine Islands."
"My choice is Roosevelt, yet I am
a democrat and a free-trader. But
as long as the democrats will be in
the hands of Bryan, Hill, Murphy,
MeCarren and Sullivan, thousands
ot democrats will vote the republi
can ticket."
"Am for Roosevelt, the honest,
brave and true."
"Theodore Roosevelt and con
tinued prosperity."
"Parker's gold telegram . on the
one hand exhibits a transcendent
ambitiou, and on the other his ac
ceptance exhibits an incapacity to
fill the high office."
"Roosevelt. Leave well enough
alone." . ■ ■
"Roosevelt. My reasons, party
harmony on the money question, in
dependence, good judgment, sound
money, good government."
"Roosevelt. Regard election' of
Parker as killing business on ac
count of inability to legislate."
"I believe in a thoroughgoing
American, one that will stand by
the country without hauling down
the flag."
"A change at this time would pc
hurtful to the country." ••- ■■.•- : •'■
"By all means Theodore Roosevelt,
for the. present as .well as the future
of the country."
"The country has the right to
trust this .nan, bis methods, his
honor and his brains."
"Roosevelt, because he is the best
man in the country for the positiou."
"Roosevelt is guiding the affairs
of the country for the best interests
of the American people!"
"I consider the republican party
the best for our country, and Roose
velt a thorough American and
honest."
"I consider the election of a dem
ocratic president would be akin to a
calamity. The prosperity of the
country would be checked by at
tempts to change the tariff. I say,
let well enough alone."
"I am glad of an opportunity to
indorse his successful administra
tiou."
"Business folks do not want a
change."
"Believe our best interests will be
served by keeping Roosevelt and
John Hay in office."
"Roosevelt is perfectly safe, a
great statesman and the embodiment
of all that is true American.""'^ 1
"It would be very difficult to know
what Mr. Parker stands for. It's a
shuffle for votes."
"Roosevelt is capable of meeting
all the demands of, the presidency.
His course in every office he has
filled shows that he has the courage
of his- convictions, is honest and
fearless, and is the man the nation
needs to-day. He will be elected."
"No man is perfect, but I believe
Mr. Roosevelt to be the safest man,
and I have a contempt for a man of
Parker's attainments who would
vote for silver and Bryan."
"I have no use for a man that did
not know where he was until twelve
hours after he was nominated."
One who voted three times for
Cleveland, says: "I will vote for
Thaodore Roosevelt because he is, as
John Hay expresses it, honest, cour
ageous, and intelligent. In my
opinion he is the greatest friend of
the common people that ever sat in
the presidential chair with the ex
ception of Abraham Lincoln. He
will use all his powers to grant to
every one equal rights, be he high or
be he low; and this is the whole
foundation of our government."
How's Thisi
We offer One Hundred Dollars Re
ward for any case of Catarrh that can
not bo cured by Hall's Catarrh Curo.
F. J. Cheney & Co..
Toledo, O.
We, the undersigned, have, known
F. J. Cheney for tho last 15 years, and
believe him perfectly honorable in all
business transactions and financially
able to carry out any obligations made
by their firm.
West & Truax,
Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.
Walding, Kinnan & Marvin,
Wholesale Druggist, Toledo,, O.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken intern
ally, acting dirctly upon the blood and
mucous surface of tho system. Testi
monials sent free. Price 75c. per
bottle. Sold by all druggists.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
The unexampled prosperity of this
natiou since the Dhigley Tariff went
into effect is the wonder of the
world. Do you want "a change?' 1
OASTORIA.
Bears the _>^ 9 lv ' V°u Have Always Bought
Signatnre /7ft - S/Yj9-Z^£^
Doubt, apprehension and uncer
tainty are most to be avoided by the
business world at this time. The
plans of the democracy, as outlined
in this campaign, with respect to
the destruction of the tariff, are
certain to breed all these things.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ayers
Impure blood ahvayjs shows
somewhere. If the skin, then
boils, pimples, rashes. If the
nerves, then neuralgia, nerv-
ousness, depression. ! If the
Sarsaparilla
stomach, then dyspepsia,
biliousness, loss of appetite.
Your doctor knows the
remedy, used for 60 years.
' Returning from tlie Cuban imr. 1 was n
perfect wreck. Mr blood wnn bad, ami my
health was none. But n few bottles of A yer'«
Sarsaparilla completely eureil me."
If. C. Dobhler, Scranton. Va.
fI.N a bu! !•!?.-. j.o.iTtiim.;
All druppßts. fot* mßmmmmmmim**^^
Impure Blood
Aid the Sarsaparilla by keeping the
bowels regular with Ayers Pills.
RITCHEY.
Ritchey, Sept. 10.
On., "labor day" ,we breakfasted
early, and then in our comfortable
buggy we drove to the picnic grounds
near Sutter. ' Arrived there quite
early, but found our genial Stony Creek
neighbors there "in force"' before us.
The usual amount of gay bunting and
flags gave the grove a festive appear
ance, while it seemed that at least one
man out of overv three sported a
gorgeous \Y. i. -f M. badge. The
band played, and Mrs. Lewis, orator
of the day, was duly presented, and
proceeded to very fluently harangue
the assembled multitude on the hard
ships and wrongs, and the down
trodden state of the miners. In force
ful, bitter words she painted the out
rages of the deportation of the Colo
rado miners and their agonized wives
and children until over those listening
a cloud seemed to gather, shutting out
the beauty and the brightness of the
day. • Personally, we have never been
able to find any authority under any
law, either national \or interstate,
authorizing the deportation of crim
inals or persons whom the authorities
feared might commit some criminal
act, from one commonwealth to an
other to be turned loose, there to men
ace the peace of that commonwealth.
But still it seemed to us that one rous
ing, cheerful song, full of hope and
faith and courage, would have done
more to brighten the lives of the
miners than all the -word painting of
wrongs that could be presented by each
and every person with the giftof speech.
Granted that the miner's life is one
perpetual risk, his work room cramped,
the air foul, the light "dim. Did he
not voluntarily adopt that calling
with its short hours and sure pay?
Taken as a class, miners are men of
brawn. Then why, if they are not sat
isfied, do they not do something else.
There is land in plenty that our Uncle
Samuel wants to give away to just such
men; men of muscle who could if they
would turn farmer, and work sixteen
or eighteen hours a day for home, for
health, for sunshine, rain, and fresh
air and independence. Ah! Those long
hours of work! Work with brain and
muscle! "There's the rub." But the
price is gladly paid by those who have
inherited the spirit of the Pilgrim
Fathers and the revolutionary heroes.
Blessed life, free from the petty rival
ries of crowded cities, free from the
stifling smoke of factories, from the
hellish' influence of the disreputable
saloon. Close to stern, grand, just
beautiful nature, and within easy
reach through books of the highest,
purest, and best thought that old earth
has ever produced.
There are always two sides, some
times more, to every question, but I
have yet 16 hear the orator for any
union who, as it were, turns the canvas
and shows the picture of the millions
of dollars invested in development work
from which no dividends aro reaped,
of the millions in specie paid out
monthly to the miners, of the impos
sibility for small capital to carry on
these great works. None of us are
perfect. Each is mutually dependent
on the othor. Tho situation is in no
way beuefitted or bettered by passion
ate "demands." What is needed is
dispassionate consideration by each
side of a controversy of the rights of
the other side. Therefore it seems to
us that the stirring up of men's pas
sions, tho iteration and -reiteration of
their wrongs only serves to retard the
coming of tho day for which ; we long.
A thought keeps recurring to our
minds. It is this: Those speakers and
grand officers are handsomely paid in
the hard earned dollars of "union men"
for talking, and they might fall into
disuse if men's passions were calmed
instead of being roused.
The blue rock shooting we enjoyed.
There was an exhiliration in seeing tho
contestants oxhibit their norve and
skill.
The ball gamo too we enjoyed, all
except the ugly display of temper by
the Jackson's when San Andreas did
some really fine playing. It was worth
going to the picnic just to see tho
equanimity of San Andreas both in the
hope of victory and in the face of de
feat. They may not play ball well in
San Andreas, but her sons know how
to be gentlemen oven in defeat.
Polly and I.
CASTOIIIA.
Bears the The Kind You Have Always Bought
of
The Singer runs, the Singer sews,
by simply pressing: with tho toos. By
day I work, at night I sloop, because
the Singer is so cheap. Wonderly, Agt.
Ql I f\£ Tn Cattle can be prevented.
11l A I II CUTTER'S BLACK LEG VACCINE,
ill 111 II California's favorite, the most sue-
If I Ul II cessful, easiest used and lowest
Br fca ■ B ■ priced reliable vaccine made.
_ ■MjtK. Powder, string or pill form. Write
■ yß^ for free Black Leg Hooklet.
I Lfl. THE CUTTER LABORATORY
■ •Bp IV san Francisco
B. H. H 9 If your druggist does not stock our
IJnJE^m vaccines, order direct from us.
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
lThe following instruments have been filed
for record In the recorder's office since our last
report. We publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to accede to
any request to suppress any document from
these columns. Don't ask us to do so.] • . -
DEEDS.
Union Exploration Company to W.
E. Stewart— Brown quartz mine and
Crown Point quartz mine, Jackson
district; $10.
U. S. to Guiseppl Bo— l6o acres, sec
tions 6 and 7 t7r 11.
Elizabeth Eudey, Frederick Eudey
and Alex Eudey— Brown and Crown
Point quariz mines, Jackson district;
$4000.
Francis Celio to Frank Gofflnett— l6o
acres, 17-8-11; $5.
F. M. Pawling, judge, to L. Mc-
Lame—L ot 23 block 1. lots 3 and 7
block 2, Volcano.
Chas. S. Black to Sarah L. Black—
6} acres, lone, gift.
W. E. Stewart and wife to Jose
Gulch Mining Co.— Brown and Crown
Point quartz mines, Jackson district;
$5000. . ■
L. A. Ward to Joseph Cuneo— Lot
in Jackson, $100.
L. McLaine to Joseph Cuneo— Lot 23
block 1, lots 3 and 7 block 2, Volcano;
Thos. Mannello to Joseph Cuneo—
John Case house and lot, Sutter Creek;
840., .'■■■:^'z ! -  ...
Phillip Liebenthaler to Joseph Cuneo
—Lot in Volcano; $175.
MORTGAGES.
John Miller and wife to John Le
vaggi—Lot in Sutter Creek, $200. 9
per cent. '-';v
Adolpt Cottel and wife to John Cav
agnaro and Henry Cavagnaro— Land
in section 30-5-10, $1500, 3 years, 7 per
cent.
Mrs. Sarah Driscoll to Bank of Ama
dor county— Lot near Jackson, 1 year,
10 per cent.
MINING LOCATIONS.
W. H. Glenn locates North Whit
moia quartz mine, Volcano district.
F. Fulletta, proof of labor on Acme
ESTKAY.
W. Leininger, brood sow, at large in
Jackson valley. V •; '-"
ATTACHMENTS. ,
L. L. Cuneo vs. F. N. Staples, for
the sum of $180, lot 7 block 1. Amador
City. .
L. Cassinelli & Bro. vs. Frank Primo,
$272.94, 200 acres, 22-8-14.
:. ;T; T CHATTEL MORTGAGE.
J. H. Walton to Edgar G. Deacon,
horses-, wagons, etc., $300, 12 per cent.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the S~tf y/Sj+^(L '
Signature of L^ut^/y^ />C£/c/U/tt
Fresh pickled olives of the season
just received; 65c per gallon. Nettles'
Market.
BORN. "
POGGI— In Jackson, September 19, 1904, to the
wife of George Poggf. a son.
GRILLO— In Volcano. September 15, I9W, to
the wife of John Grillo. a son.
MARRIED.
FRENCH— LOVE— In Jackson, September 19,
100J, by Rev. W. Tuson, George French to
Mrs. Lillie Love, both of Jackson.
Z3T~ DIED. ~
BRADSHAW— Near Pine Grove, September 17,
1904. Dorothy, youngest child of Mr. and Mrs.
Clarence Bradshaw, aged 4 years.
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this head, not exceed-
ing 5 lines, will be Inserted at 500 per month, or
5 cents perline for less than one month.
•VTEW MAP OF AMADOR COUNTY, correct-
•*•' ed up to August, 19(M, with townsite map of
each town, now ready. Price, mounted and col-
ored, 910 each. The map shows occupied and
unoccupied lands, mineral patents, township
and school district boundaries, location of
schoolbouses, etc. For sale only at the Ledger
office. The number is limited. Apply at once.
HOUSE AND LOT FOB SALE:-House of
six large rooms, bath, pantry, clothes
closet; woodshed, chicken house and barn;
and large lot, for sale cheap, or would lease it
on reasonable terms. Electric lights all
through house. Situated on Broadway, Jack-
son. Apply to
aug-.!6-tf WM. C. JOHNS, Jackson.
EOR SALE — Three 40-acre" farms, 1 mile
from post office. Plenty of wood and water
Terms reasonable. Inquire at Ledger office.
T7K>R SALE— A 33 acre gravel mine; atun-
l- nel proposition. Thorough inspection de-
sired. Price reasonable. Inquire Ledger otuce
FOR SALE— I6O acres of land within 5 miles
of Sutter Creek. Good spring; between
two and three thousand good mining timbers,
beside 600 cords of, four-foot wood on place.
Price 1750. Inquire at the Ledger office.
TV/FOUNTAIN RANCH FOR SALE:-A tract
-LYJL. of 63 acres, situated one mile above Aque-
duct, with a six-room house thereon; also a
small barn; 20 acres cleared and fenced; quan-
tity of timber on the property. The place will
be sold at a bargain. For particulars apply to
the Ledger office. myii-tf
TO MEN^^-
If you are suffering, and will send us a des-
cription of your case stating age. occupation,
and the cause (if known) of your trouble we
will mail to you, absolutely FREE, in plain
package, one week's treatment of our IIAN-
HOOD CONES-especlally prepared. This is a
straightforward offer; no C. O. D. or other
deceptive proposition. Life's energy is in the
CONE. THE SATISFACTION COMPANY,
305 Kearny St., San Francisco. augl9-tt
Notice of Assessment.
CONSOLIDATED WIDE-AWAKE MINING AND
MILLING COMPANY.
Location of principal place of business, Jack-
sou, Amador county, California.
Location of works. Railroad Flat Mining Dis-
trict, Calavcras county, California.
-VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
_L> a regular meeting of the Board of Direct-
ors, held on the sth day of August, A. 0. 1904, an
assessment of one rent (lc) per share was lev-
ied upon the subscribed capital stock of the
corporation, payable immediately in United
States coin, to the secretary or the said Com-
pany, at his office in the Marelia Building on
Summit street, in Jackson, Amador county,
California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on tho 12th day of September,
1004, will be declared delinquent, and adver-
tised for sale at public auction, and unless pay-
ment is made before, will bo sold on Monday,
the 3rd day of October, 1004, to pay the delin-
quent assessment, together with the cost" of
advertising and expenses of sale.
By order of the Hoard of Directors.
JAS. JAY WRIGHT, Secretary.
Office in the Marelia Building, on Summit
street, Jackson. Amador county, California.
POSTPONEMENT. . _,
Tho date of the delinquency on the foregoing
notice is hereby postponed to Monday, the loth
day of October. UHM, and the date of sale of de-
linquent stock under this notice is hereby post-
poned to Monday, the 7th day of November,
1904, at the hour of 2:00 o'clock p. m.
By order of the Board of Directors.
JAS. JAY WEIGHT, Secretary.
Dated September 6th, 1901. - .- S.O At
UP-TO-DATE BUSINESS MEN.
Weissbein Brothers & Co;
ASSAY OFFICE *AND GOLD REFINERY '.
616 SACRAMENTO ST.. near Montgomery. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
PURCHASERS OF GOLD DtST AND BILLION
BASE BULLION AND CYANIDE PRECIPITATE A SPECIALTY
ORES AND CONCENTRATES TESTED BY ANY PROCESS
IM»f MMM»M»M»M»«>MM*MMtM
I A clear head « sought by • !
every leader of business or social <
affairs, and a •
sweet breath adds to the i
satisfaction of intimate acquaint- ! ,
ance ; to own a <
fine complexion noiK i
will despise; yet only & clean '
stomach secures clear head, sweet \
breath and fine complexion <
for every day; and a i ;
clean stomach is secured by using '
" SWEET SAGRADOS " — nature's !
laxative tablets— pleasant to take, ■; < •
perfect in action; every dose '
♦ leads to a cure. Put up only in , !
\\'' one 6tyle and one package, 24 l <
i 1 Ms^* fawect Sagrados— Sold by ' '
I: City" Pharmacy - Willis H. Boydston, Prop, i I
i t *^ im^i ill 1 1 Mil i -r-irw 1 !■■ m 1 n^^mi ■■!!■ '' ►
1 '&: General Merchandise I
m "T&s. Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, M
|| jjjllg Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining ||
m. n^ Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, ||
is Grain, etc., etc. |1|
'M Corner Main and Water St. §|
I JACKSON - - -■ CALIFORNIA 1'
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
i »™< p^ns L J. Glavinovich |
5 LEADING GROCERY STORE j
• l3Pi5 *"* ROCERI]ES> Dry ggod° ods ' •
5 d~~ Furnishing Goods, Boots, 4£ •
S a Shoes, Toilet Articles, • •
5 c Hardware, Miners' Sup- •
S • i . plies, Hay, Grain, Etc. :• J
S Cor. Maiu & Court Streets . g
J JACKSON, - . - : CAL. \ Bazaar Patterns \
SiiUßlii
**" ( Successor to A. H. Regaling ) "^
Bought by Pacific Refinery & Assay Office Returns
made same ;
407-409 MONTGOaESY STREET :VV^ -■'!
Specific . ( puoae imsh 237 > day as re- ;
Near California, San Francisco. . -" ' • ■■'■>',■'
ceipt of >; ;
Clravitv Tact Bullion, Gold Dust, Quartz, Specimens, . ,l!
uravity iest platinum, and ail kinds of Gold consignment !'
and Silver bought. ;
I It Costs Money to Make Steam j
SAVE MONEY BY USING-
Ml McDearmon & Cos. Asbestos Goods. ' M
w \ :*: * ■ H?
£sjj Such as Boiler <f- Pipe Coceriiiys, Magnesia Coverings, Fire-Proof- x 3
@1| ing Materials, Cold Storage Insulation, Brine <{• Ammonia Coy- f§3
xgji erings, Packings & Gaskets, Keystone Building «(• Deadening Felts, kg
CATALOGUE, ESTIMATES & SAMPLES ON APPLICATION.
g Garbarini Bros., Agents - - Jackson, Cal. M
—ESTABLISHED 1864—
Monuments..-.
and Copings
Of any size and style, furnished
promptly and at
REDUCED RATES
The Polishing: Plant is now operated
by Electricity.
CaUonora'adrw DAVID GRIFFITH
Penryn Granite Works, Penryn, Cal.
••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
• Jacjkson JVlarble Works :
2 A. J. Franatovich Jr., Frop'r. _ J
• Works on Church Street, near •
• Cemetery. •
a Tombstones. Monuments and all kinds 5
• of Stone Cutting and Sculpture done. #
9 Will furnish marble and granite ot S
• best quality, imported or native. 0
S Cement or granite coping and all cem- *
• etery work at lowest rates. •
s Satisfaction guaranteed both tn work- S
m manship and price. Give me a trial. J
9 ■ may27-tf #LOCAL NEWS
OF THE WEEK
Butterick Patterns at Red lick's.
Pioneer Flour always has been
and still is tiie best.
Lemons, oranges, and ' bananas con
stantly on hand at Nettles' Mkt.
Pioneer Flour is tho "Lily of the
Valley," the "Pearl of Perfection."
J. F. Wilson, Dentist. Hours 9a. ra.
to sp. m. Phone Main 404. Jackson,
The Thorough-bred Tramp Com
pany is advertised to appear in Love's
hall this evening.
Tho South Eureka Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 2 cents per
sharp, delinquent Oct. 24.
Raviola and chicken dinner at the
Union House next Sunday. Will de
' liver orders to any place in town.
The Standard Electric Company has
levied an a«.*essment of $10 per shaiv.
There are 50,0i'0 shares in the com
pany, so the as?esMuent will amount to
$500,000.
Big Alteration Sale at Redlick's.
Dr. Endicott left Tuesday lor San
Francisco, to be away about a week.
; Dr. Gall has charge of his practice in
the meantime.
Attend the alteration sale of shoes at
Redlick's.
H. B. Hanscom, deputy revenue col
lector, was in Jackson and vicinity for
several days the past week, on' business
relating to the internal revenue.
St. Augustine's church — Divine ser
vice will be held Sunday evening next
at 7:30 p, w, All cordially invited to
attend.
A household necessity; Eclipse
Sheet Bluing; economical, best made.
Sample 10c. Victor Supply ! Co.,*
Angels, Cal. . sep23-lm
Stock must be reduced to make
alterations at Redlick's. Attend' the
shoe sale this week. ,: :
S. Vogelsanger, representing the
Realty Syndicate of San Francisco,
was in Jackson for several days this
week, on business for that well known
financial institution.
poing your own washing? Then try
JiCLIPSE Shfief Bluing; it gives best
results. Sample 10g, V'jptffr Supply
Co., Angels, Cal. imp 83-1 m
George Hambric started for his old
home in Indiana last Sunday. He will
be absent from sis weeks to two
months, and will do the world's fair at
St. Louis before he returns.
Rev.. J. W. Phelps returned from
Pacific Grove Wednesday evening. He
will preach in the M. E. church next
S'inday morning and evening, bis fare
well addresses here prior to bis de
parture fpv hie new charge at Oroville.
A heavy rain and thuode.- Uprm set
in during Wednesday night, and lasted
several hours. The thunder and light
wing were something- terrifying. The
rainfall amounted to .22 of an inch,
making .3S for the season,
The two Misses Gritton, who have
b'jtn attending high school at lone, re
turned home last week, on account of
the feeble health of their grandmother,
Mrs, Johnson, srhp is 83 years old. It
is not probable that they wifl return to
the school during the present, session.
The coyote bounty claims have been
upheld by the supreme court. The
aggregate amount of these claims will
foot up to Something like a quarter of
$, njillLon dollars, This bounty law was
*bused, and it was to try to segregate
the fraudulent from the JcglliinaU?
claims that the law was contested.
J. C. Norris has sold his store and
real estate in Buena Vista to Messrs.
Cottel and jftshjep. He will give
possession the first .of next month. Mr.
Norris will remain in the valley uutil
ftilur tho election at least. He is un
tieciied where he will make his home
after that date.
John Chirm and wife went to San
Francisco early this week. They will
be away eterht or ten days. They will
purchase furniture for their new house
. on Stump street, which they will move
into as soon as the furniture arrives.
Mr. Chirm while in the city expects to
''make arrangements for the starting
up of his music hail for the -fall and
, winter months.
The traction engine resumed its trips
through Jackson last Monday, after an
absence of a week. It was thought
that it had quit going through town
after the runaway of two weeks ago.
Its absence, however, was due 'to
having supplies to deliver to other
mines. It is getting well along with
the supplies to tho various mines, and
will have them in good shape to tide
over the winter by the time tho rains
The Standard Electric Company has
a large force of men at work widening
the road from Electra to Jackson. In
places a geat deal of work will have
to be done in this direction. The ob
ject in thus widening the road is to en
able the heavy machinery for the new
electric plant to be hauled. As the
road is now this machinery could not
be hauled over it. The heavy pieces
will require between 30 and 40 auimals
to move, and such a number could not
be used in a number of places as the
road has heretoforo existed. Thero is
every indication that tho Standard
Electric Company will spend a largo
amount in making additions to tho
plant and ditches during the next few
A party of twelve miners in a three
seated conveyance passed through
Jackson Sunday evening en route from
Tuolumne county to Amador City. It
is reported that they were non-union
miners, bound for the Fremont mine,
seeking employment. They were on
the road on their own account, and
not under engagement. It seems that
the union men in Amador City got
wind of their intentions, and as soon as
they arrived in that town they were
corralled and persuaded to leave the
county, their traveling expenses being
paid. The truth is, there was no de
mand for miners at the Fremont, and
they would not have found employ
ment if they had applied.
The Morrow Case.
The Methodist conference in session
at Pa< ilic Grove last week, took up the
case of K^v, F. A. Morrow. The rev
erend gentleman was pastor of the
Jackson church for the year ending
September, 1902. He was then sent to
Antioch, in Contra Costa county. After
exercising the ministerial function in
that charge for a few, months, he left
there and returned to Jackson, and
has been a resident^of this town ever
since, although not engaged in the
active work of the ministry. The Rev.
J. H. Van Vliet succeeded him as
pastor of the Jackson charge. Friction
and dissension soon arose, which seri
ously impaired the church work.
When Rev. J. W. Phelps was sent
here last year, church matters were at
a pretty low ebb. Under his firm
guidance the affairs picked up. The
scandalous letters next appeared, and
has created a bitter feeling ever since.
The authorship of those letters has
never been definitely settled. Steps
weru taken to have them made the sub
ject of criminal prosecution, but noth
ing was done in that direction. The
community has been divided in senti
ment, but the church members and
congregation were: almost a unit in
support of the pastor, Dr. Phelps. Tho
effort to divide the church, and to
alienate support from the pastor was
traceable throughout, and instead of
accomplishing this it had the opposite
effect, namely,- to consolidate the
church, and draw support to the pastor
from the outside. Practically a new
church has been built and paid for
during the year, and the pastor's sal
ary raised without any trouble; not
withstanding the ministerial pathway
was made as unpleasant as possible.
The name of Morrow was more or less
coupled with the trouble, and on this
a keen and bitter partisan feeling was
engendered. The letters have been
the cause of investigation by a fraternal
organization, by officers of the United
States and local government, and by
the church officials, but nothing de
cisive was accomplished.
On the assembling of conference the
Rev. J. W. Phelps went to Pacific
Grove, determined to have the affair
fully ventilated. He presented formal
charges agaiust the Rev. Morrow,
which included indulgence in liquor,
un truthfulness, immoral" conduct, and
sowing dissension in the church. The
Rev. Morrow went to Pacific Grove a
few dajra befprtj f.hg conference opened,
determined, as it was said, to fight the
charges against his character. He
was asked to resign as the easiest way
out of the trouble. Of course a re
ligious body is averse to, airing a scan
dal if it can be avoided. The accused
clergyman refused to resign, and in
vited a trial. No formal charges were
Sled against him, but a committee of
fifteen ministerial brethren was ap
pointed to make a preliminary investi
gation, and report to conference as to
the probable (;y,uso qf action against the
accused. Thirteen witnesses? were ex
amined, including four from Sacra
mento, touching matters that occurred
at Oak Park during the pastorate 'of
Rev. Morrow there. After a hearing
the committee reported unanimously
in favor of proceeding with a j regular
aud formal trial on the charges pre
ferred. There was some talk of a de
sire to have the trial in Jackson.
Finally the accused minister decided
to resign as a clergyman and a mem
ber of the Methodist church, and
thereupon it is hoped this whole affair
has been brought to an end, on the
understanding that all reference to the
charges preferred should be expunged
from the records of the conference,
the only minute being f,hat the
Rev. F. A. Morrow resigned from the
ministry and the church. The presi
dent of the conference, Rev. A. Wilson,
wound up the sensation with the sig
nificant remark, directed personally to
the accusod, ."You are' getting off
mighty luckily; you are, getting off
mighty luckily." This trial and its
outcome has been the main topic of
conversation in Jackson for the past
week.
Republican Club.
A meeting: was held last Saturday
evening at the office of Dr. A. M, Gall
for the purpose of reorganizing the
Jackson Republican Club. There were
from 15 to 20 persons present. V. S.
Garbarini was elected president, F. H.
Dudcn secretary, and P. A. Voorheis,
T. K. Norman, and W. D. Dufrene
vice-presidents. The following were
selected as an executive committee:
W. E. Stewart, W. E. Kent, Dr. A.
M. Gall, George Tyack and Alex Eudey.
A set of by-laws was read, and after
some discussion adopted.
The question of registration was
brought up, and djscussod at some
length. It was left with the chairman
to appoint a committee of fifteen to at
tond to this important matters. In the
mean ti mo J. W. Caldwell was appoint
ed to' examine tho great register, so
as to ascertain as far as possible the
republican voters of township one who
have failed to register, and to report
to the next meeting of the club.
The president was authorized to se
cure a permanent meeting place for tho
club. The meeting thereupon ad
journed until Tuesday evening, Sep.
tomber 20.
Methodist Appointments.
The appointments of the Methodist
Episcopal conference to fill local
charges for the ensuing year are as
follows:
Jackson— C. E. Winning.
love— C. E. Pettis. s
Suttor Creek— Jas. L. Case.
Amador— Hugh Baker. . ■
Plymouth, to bo'supplied.
Pine Grove, to be supplied.
Tho Rev. J. W." Phelps is appointed
to Oroville, in Butte county.
For Sale.
One Splendid second-hand buggy,
one upholstered cart, and one set of
single harness. Prices very reasonable.
For particulars inquire of C. D. Smith,
Amador City, or at the Ledger oflice.
Nothing will please an invalid as well
as a package of those fancy cakea from
Nettles' Mkt.
THE AMADOR LEDGER: JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1904.
AMADOR COUNTY'S
GOLD PRODUCERS
Butte Basin. — Four men are em
ployed on this gravel claim, taking out
pay dirt ready for washing when the
fall rains set in. They have a large
quantity of gravel already on .the
dump, and it is said to prospect well.
• Whitmore.— At this mine near Vol
cano, wood is being hauled for the pur
pose of starting up the mill by steam.
The prospects of the mine and tho
grade of the rock already crushed fully
justify the management in going to the
expense of a steam equipment.
Amador Queen. — A crushing of
about 4o tons of ore from Amador Queen
No. 2 was made at the AmadorGold mine
mill in Hunt's gulch. How it turned
out we have not learned. It was picked
ore. The mill, however, is consider
ably out of repair, and Tor this reason
the crushing may not have come up to
expectations.
Zeila. — The repairs to I lie shaft
have been completed. A station is
being cut at the 1450 level. The sump
has been cleaned out, and sinking will
be prosecuted at once, for tho purpose
of carrying the sLaft 200 or 300 feet
deeper, thereby providing for the open
ing up of three more levels, and ex
ploring the ore body at those points.
This sinking will take three or four
months to complete. It is hoped to be
able to run one half the stamps during
that time, but this is by no means cer
tain. Should the ore body maintain its
size and quality at the greater depth,
there is no doubt that a new shaft ' will
thereupon be undertaken, and the
property operated on a larger scale.
An electric pump is to be installed, at
a cost of from $15,000 to $20,000.
Red Hill. — This quartz claim,
situated near Butte City, has been re
cently purchased from Fred Eudey by
W. E. Stewart for $5000, and deeded
by him to the Jose Gulch Mining Com
pany, a corporation organized for the
express purpose of working the prop
erty. ■ W. E. Stewart has been : in
Stockton and San Francisco, disposing
of stock in the concern, and has suc
ceeded so as to enable him to purchase
the claim. It is the intention to con
tinue the sale of treasury stock to pro
vide working capital. Two men are at
work at present, and the thill will be
started as soon as water can be secured
in the Horn ditch by the early rains.
This ditch will be cleaned put and put
in order for this purpose. It has been
idle for years. Mr. Stewart is deserv
ing of credit for the zeal be has dis
played jn working up tb.ose mining
propositions to their present condition.
OLETA.
OLETA, Sept. 19.
A number of our townspeople attend
ed the social dance given by Whaley's
orcheatra in Volcano Saturday evening.
Mrs. E. C. Baker'r.eturncd. Thursday
afternoon from Ashland, Oregon.
Mrs. Eugene Far n ham and son Frank
visited relatives in town a few days
this week-
Miss Mazie Knap p. returned from her
visit to the city Monday evening.
R. E. Lee Yates met with a painful
accident last Saturday evening. His
horse became frightened and upset the
cart, throwing Mr. Yates out and
breaking his right ankle. The injured
member is under the care of Dr.
Misses Josie and Zaida Newell have
returned home from Bartlett springe.
Miss Nellie Robinson passed through
town on her way to her school at Slate
Creek. :
Miss Marguerite Schillings opened
school here last Monday, with thirty
pupils in attendance.
Miss Annie Woolfork paid a flying
visit to Sacramento last week.
T. Neff has returned tp Qleta again.
T. Mayon returned Sunday evening
from Oakland.
Marsellus Robinson, jr., returned
home Saturday from the Flint hop
fields, where he has been employed - all
summer.
H. Flint visited friends near town for
a few days last week.
Dick Henderson, of the Bridge house,
spent a few days with W. Robinson.
Chuma.
Hotel For Sale.
The Adams House, Plymouth, Ama
dor county. A large and commodious
building with 20 bedrooms, parlor,
waiting room, kitchen, dining room,
sample room, and tho nicest barroom,
in Amador county. Hotel and bar now
doing a good business. Large lot.
Property must be seen to be appreci
ated. Owners desire to retire from
business the only reason for wanting tp
sell. For particulars call on or address
Mrs. Ella Adams, Plymouth, Cal. 7-tf
OASTOniA.
Bean u» -_^^ 8 You Haw Always Bought
of Ufcyfflw&u
I Clothing, Clothing, Clothing |
S - We have just received our Fall and Winter Clothing g
S direct from the Union Factories. These goods are §
2 the swellest lot ever imported into Amador County. |j
S . We fit all- and in sizes, quality and prices we lead. §
%5 There are no equal in the make-up of these garments. ' S
§ One price to all. Goods guaranteed as represented. §
S Four miles from Jackson. S UTTER CREEK, CAL. S
ADDITIONAL LOCALS.
Give us daily suinn"gw>d broad. I'io-.
noer I'lour makes i h.> host.
Whuii you wish the finest flavored
coffees and teas, remember that W. J.
Nettle keeps only the best.
Good mines of all kinds wanted. In
quiring parties. S. C. Trayner, 4 Sut
ter St.. San Francisco, Cal.
W. M. Penry loft for San Francisco
this week to attend the Odd Fellows
gathering. James Harris has been in
the city for the past two weeks to see
the sights of the metropolis.
Mrs. Harvey, accompanied by her
grandson, left for Stockton Tuesday
morning to attend Ringling's circus.
Miss Grace Folger went to that city
tho same day for tho same purpose.
The Kings Daughters will give a
house warming in the new Episcopal
nrtoryon Friday evening, Sept. 30th.
Every one come and have a good time.
Refreshments served.
A message was received in Sutler
Creek yesterday morniti"-, says . the
Record, announcing tho death of Mrs.'
Flitter in San Francisco that morning.
She had been ailing for some time, and
was in the city for treatment.
We make a specialty of printing all
kinds of notes, receipts, checks etc.
Send your orders to the Ledger office. '
There is not a vacant bouse or cabin
in tho vicinity of Middle Bar. Many
working at the Gwin mine prefer to
live on the Amador side of the river,
and more would do so if thoy were able
to secure dwellings.
Webb hall has been reroofed and re
ceiied, and the roof thoroughly braced
and bridged. The carpenters got
through with their work the middle of
tho week. A new skylight has been
put in, and the ceiling has been re
papered.
Miss Nina O'Hara, who has formerly
lived in Jackson as a trained nurse,
while riding in a buggy in San Joaquin
.county last week, was the victim of a
serious accident. The buggy was run
into by an automobile, and both in
mates thrown out. Miss O'Hara sus
tained injuries to the spine, which may
leave permanent effects. She lay on
the roadside for some hours after the
accident, before help arrived to convey
Dorothy, the four-year-old daughter
of Clarence Bradsbaw, died last Satur
day after a brief illness. The child
was taken dangerously sick after par
taking of some fruit, and in spite of all
that could be dqne the trouble termi
nated fatally in a few hpurs. The
funeral took place at Pipe Grove on
Monday. The little one was a. bright
and intelligent child, and a universal
favorite. The parents have the heart
felt sympathy of the community, in
their great affliction.
An alarming giant powder explosion
took place ai Plymouth Tuesday night
at 10:30. Some dastardly tire liernl set
fire to the unoccupied buildings on
Main street-, next to the Central hotel,
and to complete tho work caused a
stick of giant powder to be exploded,
with the intention of wrecking build
ings. Fqrtunate|y |t was early, and
many persqng |n town had not retired.
Shortly after the sounding qf the fire
alarm the fire was put put.' Such work
as this should be sifted to tho bottom,
and the guilty party brought to jus
tice. The town was in great danger of
being burned through the act Qf this
fire-bug. -^Amador Reoord.
From 148 to 92 Pounds.
One of the most remarkable cases of
a cold, deep seated on th,p lvjngs, caus
ing pneumonia, is that of Mrs. Gert
rude E. Fenner, Marion, Ind., who was
entirely cured by the use of One Min
ute Cough Cure. She says: The cough
ing and straining so weakened me that
I ran down in weight frqm Üb, to 92
pounds. I tried a number qf remedies
to no avail until I used One Minute
Cough Cure. Four bottles of this
wonderful remedy cured me entirely of
,the cough, strengthened rqy lu,ngs and
restored m.c tq my normal weight,
health and strength." Sold by City
Uncalled-for Letters.
Letters remaining unclaimed in the
Jackson, Cal., postofflce, for the week
ending September 23, 1904:
Chas. Lemin Mrs. Korptie
T. Richards Tprrl (2)
G. C. FOLGER. Postmaster.
The Jackson Republican Club has
arranged to give a smoker next Tues
day nigh,t, the meeting tp take place
in Webb hall. All members are earnest
ly requested to attend.
THE SETTER WAY.
Says Parker: "Elect me presi
dent. I won't hurt you. I can't,
because my hands will be tied by a
republican senate. Don't be afraid,
Elect me!"' There is a- better way
thau this to tie his hands. Elect
him to stay at hoiqe.
SUPERVISORS
PROCEEDINGS
At a meeting of the board of super
visors held Monday, September 19, at
which all the members were present,
the following proceedings were had:
The number of miles of railroad in
Amador county was established at 8
miles, and the assessment of road bed,
franchise and roiling stock at $120,000.
A communication was read from the
state board of equalization stating that
the amount of levy for state purposes
for the year 1904 was as follows:
General fund : 31.2
School fund 17.8
Interest and sinking fund 1.0
Total 50.0
Also 2 cents upon each $100 for the
support of the university, and a levy of
1} cents for the support of the high
schools, making a total of 53 5 as the
total for state purposes. .
The following communication from
Geo. A. Gordon, school superintendent,
was read : . '■'. \ "■ -'■'■.
To the. honorable board of super
visors, county of Amador. Gentlemen:
In accordance with the duty devolving
upon me, as set forth in section 1817 of
tho school law, I herewith .report to
you that $14,334 ;is the minimum
amount of county school fund needed
for the present year.
The following communication from
the clerk of the lone union high school
was read :
We, the undersigned trustees of the
lone union high school, do hereby sub
mit the following as the amount of
money required for the furnishing of
the high school building, payment of
the first instalment on the purchase
price, and for running expenses of the
high school for the school year ending
June 30, 1905. We ask you according
to subdivision 15 of section 1670 of the
school law to levy a tax upon property
contained in the lone union high school
district in sufficient amounts to give us
the required sum. .-' C
Amount required— s3l46.2l, same as
last year, rate same as last year, i. c.,
42c. Arthur F. Adams.
John F. Wharff.
.. Jas. H. Williams.
Andrew Winter.
E. W. Perkins.
Note — The above amount together
with amount in treasury tq the credit
of the schapi, and the amount (approx
imate) we will receive from the state
the coming year will fqqt un tq abuut
$5106.79. The segregation Qf the var*
ious expenditures will be as follows:
First payment on purchase of
building $ 872 50
Finishing upper floor and stair- <
way, repairs, etc ... 1150 00
Teachers' salaries 2500 00
Janitor salary 75 00
School furniture ...-.-. 75 Q0
Labratory and library equip. "
incnts.... '.."..'.' 150 00
Incidental* and reserve 284 29
Total ...$5106 79
The board thereupon prqeeeded tp
fix the rat© ffjr various funds as
follows: ■ ■.. '
State 53.5
Current expense f u.n.d - • . . 52 5
Hospital ....,........'..'.. 17
5ch001.. .'.,,.'.... 7.7. .'.. 32
Road !'. . .'. 35
■_.- ;;■ y :-,.•:•.., c .'v:.'--v"---'-V-.. ■
Total state and county ~ $1,90
For special purposes \t\ the various
school districts the rate was established
as follows:
Jackson school district 10c
Pine Grove school 3Q
Union district. SO
lone union h|glj 50Uf101 .....'.'.'.... i 40
Board adjourned until first Monday
in October.
Get Registered.
— .
At the Tweeting qf the Republican
Club held Tuesday evening, J. W.
Caldwell reported that a partial in
vestigation of the great register led
him to the eon.clu.siQn that the regis -
tratian was ahout 1000 names short of
the total number of names on the roll
at the last election. A oommittee on
registration for the different preoincts
in township one was appointed as fol
lows: Wm. Moon, sen., A. J. Haver
stick, W. D. Dufrene, O. E. Myers,
Geo. Tryon, Wm. Tyack, Wm. Tarn,
T. Lemin, S. Dal Porta, p. Guiliani,
Ed Kay, J. Quirplo, J. W. Caldwell,
P. Oassinelli and A. L. Stewart. It
was also decided to send out postal
cards to all persons who had failed to
register, notifying them of the neces
sity of getting on the great register on
or before the 28th of September in
order to vote. There seem 9to be an
unparalleled apathy in the matter of
registration, The republican club is
doing good work to get parties to reg
ister, but the outlook indicates that
the number disfranchised for failure to
register will be unprecedentedly large.
Yon Know What Ton Are Taking
When you take Grove's Tasteless
Chill Tonic because the formula is
plainjy printed on every bottle showing
that it is simply Iron and Quinine In a
ta3teiess form. No Cure, NoPav. 50c
The Railroad.
It is reported that a- change has rr
cently taken place in the management
of iho lone and Eastern Railroad
project. The rumor is that Mr.
Erickson, the contractor, has become
a large purchaser in the enterprise,
ami will control it hereafter. There
are about 100 men at work at present.
Tnis number is not sufficient to com
plete the road to Martell's by January. ]
It is said, however, that the employes
will be largely reinforced in a few days;
that as many as 500 men will be em
ployed, and the work pushed to com
pletion aa soon as possible. Messrs.
Erickson and Records took a trip to
Volcano and beyond early this week,
in company with Geo. Yager. The
object was to look into tho feasibility,
from a financial view point, of extend
ing the line to the timber belt. We
understand the extension is favorably
thought of: that the resources of the
eastern section in timber, minerals and
agricultural possibilities, are deemed
ample to justify the extension. So it
is not unlikely that the upper country
will be tapped by a railroad much
sooner than many people anticipate.
It is still the general impression that
the Southern Pacific is the moving
power behind this railroad extension
project. Contractor Erickson has been
prominently identified as a contractor
for the Southern Pacific. After a
careful investigation he is satisfied that
the enterprise holds out every pros
pect of being a profitable one, and
hence has shown his willingness to
invest.
Bad Indeed.
Losing flesh is indeed a bad sign.
Take Scott's Emulsion for iC" For
weak digestion,' for defective nourish
ment, for consumption, take Scott's
Emulsion. . It restores flesh because it
strikes to the cause of the loss.
Lodger and Weekly Chicago Inter-
Ocean $2.50 a year.
■ \ I
j ALTERATION SAUJ
• In. order to make the desired alterations ■
2 we are compelled to reduce the stock. ■
I THERE WILL BE SOMETHING DOING I
I -▼ T T TT T , ▼ TTT ▼ T TT ▼ ■■.■:: Q
! EVERY DAY UNTIL OCTOBER 16th. j
■ This week our center counter has a display J
J of up-to-date shoes at prices never J
5 heard of in Jackson before. §
Resources of Amador County.
We are in receipt of a pamphlet is
sued by El Dorado Commandery of
Knights Templar for circulation at the
grand conclave which recently con
vened in San Francisco, relating to the
resources of El Dorado and Amador
counties. It contains over 100 pages,
and was gotten up with the special ob
ject of advertising the resources of the
two counties with the view of attract
ing homoseekers. It is neatly gotten
up, is elaborately illustrated with half
tone cuts of mines, public and private
buildings. Its pages give a fair and
accurate description of the attractions
of the two counties. A large number
of copies were issued, and the balance
not used in San Francisco will be for
warded to the St. Louis exposition to
be there distributed. Each county
contributed $250 toward the expenses
of this publication.
What's in a Name?
Everything is in the name when it
comes to Witch Hazel "Salve. E. C.
DeWitt & Co. of Chicago, discovered
some yeaas ago how to make a salve
from Witch Hazel that is a specific for
Piles. For blind, bleeding, itching and
protruding Piles, eczema, cuts, burns,
bruises and all skin diseases, De Witt's
Salve has no equal This has given rise
to numerous worthless counterfeits.
Ask for De Witt's— the genuine. Sold
by City Pharmacy.
To Cure a .cSMin One Bay ££o c kTj
Take Laxative Bromo Tablets. >c (%& on <*** j
Seven MUBon boxes sold In past 1 2 months. This Signature, >*' &yTW\*o* DOX. 25c. I
l fWiVi l KMrtTt l
Gillette Meeting.
The Hon. J. N. Gillette, republican
congressman and candidate for re
election, will address the citizens of
Jackson on Saturday, October 8. This
is expected to be the meeting of the
campaign in this town, and every effort
will be made to give our popular repre
sentative a rousing- meeting.
To Care A Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tab
lets. All druggists refund the money
if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's sig
nature is on each box. 25c.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE.
Sooth Eubeka Mining Company.
Location of principal place of business, San
Francisco, California. Location of works. Sut-
ter Creek, Amador county, California.
NON OT h IC &, ls^ cr f & BiTen that at a meeting of
. „ the B°*r& of Directors, held on the 21st Bay
of September. 1901, an assessment (No. 42) of
V ? ?e? en itBi t8 ver Bnare was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporatioc, payableimme-
diately in United States gold coin, to the Sec-
retary at the office of the Company. Room 28,
530 California street. San Francisco, California!
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
re m a i^5 n^ al<i on tne a " h daT °» October, 1904,
will be delinquent, and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment is made be-
fore, will be sold on Monday, the Hth day of
November, 1904, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with the cost of advertising and
expenses of sale.
' .„ ■-■ „ W. H. WILLIS, Secretary.
Offlce-530 California street. Room 28, San
Francisco, California. ,->. se23
NOTICE OF ASSESSMENT.
THE STANDARD ELBCTKIO COMPANY OF CALI-
FORNIA.
pv^,M llOno J. P H? cip . al place of business. San
Francisco. California. Location of works.
Electra, Amador County, California.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
.X "meeting of the Board of Directors, held
on the 15th day of September. 1904, an assess-
ment of Ten (S10.00) Dollars per share was ll?-
led upon the capital stock of the corporation
payable immediately in United States gold
coin to the Secretary, at the office of the Com-
c P u n co;c S a^r2ia:- RMU> bU " dlng ' SaD Fran "
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on Friday, the 21st day of
October, 1904, will be delinquent and advertis-
ed for sale at public anction; and unless pav-
eD u»l made .oe/ore, will be sold on Saturday,
the 12th day of November. 1904 to pay the delin-
quent assessment, together with costs of ad-
vertising and expenses of sale.
By order of the Board of Directors.
n . "j- • : . C. W. CONLISK. Secretary.
Office— Siith floor, Rialto Building, San Fran-
cisco, California. , sept23-td
Wedding.
A pretty wedding was performed at
the home of Mrs. Lillian Love Monday
evening last by the Rev. Wm. Tuson.
George H. French and Lillian Love
were joined in holy wedlock. Directly
after the wedding the customary feast
was enjoyed by all present.
A new Upright Piano for sale at a
great bargain. Inquire at this, office.
If you want a good harness at reason
able prices call at A. Basso's, Jackson.
Notice of Assessment.
DEI. MONTE MINING AND MILLING COMPANY.
Location of principal place of business, Jack-
son, Amador county, California.
Location of works. Railroad Flat Mining Dis-
trict. Calaveras county, California.
~\T OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
_l^l a regular meeting of the Board of Direct-
ors, held on tne 6th day of September, A. D IUU4,
an assessment of live cents (Sc) per share was
levied upon the subscribed capital stock of tho
corporation, payable Immediately in United
States coin, to the Secretary of the said Com-
pany, at his office in the Marella Building on
Summit street, in Jackson, Amador county,
California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 10th day of October, I9u».
will be declared delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment Is
'made before, will be sold on Monday, the 7th
day of November, 1004, to pay the delinquent
assessment, together with the cost of advertis-
ing and expenses of sale.
By order of the Board of Directors.
JAS. JAY WRIGHT, Secretary.
Oflice in the Marelia Building on Summit
Street, Jackson, Amador county California.
P^W^j
School Notes.
Mrs. Caldwell is substituting for Miss
Devan in the 4th grade of JacksoQ
school, Miss Devan being on the sick
list.' ;^;. ;
The trustees have ordered a new
drum and a smaller flag. The drum
now in use Is a borrowed one, and the
large flag already purchased will be
used only on special occasions.
There is to be a school paper and a
debating society in the Bth and 9th
grades of Jackson school, among other
rhetorical features.
The attendance is still on the increase.
A Power For* Good-
The pills that are potent in in their
action and pleasant in effect aro De-
Witt's Little Early Risers. W. S.
Philpot, of Albany, Ga. says: During
a bilious attack I took one. Small as
it was it did me more good than calo
mel, blue mas 9or any other pill. I ever
took and at the same time the effect J
was pleasant. Little Early Risers are
certainly an ideal pill." Sold by City
Pharmacy.
If you are going fishing or hunting
and are afraid of Poison Oak, take a
dose of Dr. Mason's Poison Oak Cure.
It is a perfect preventative.
Broke Her Arm.
About two years ago Miss Cynthia
Love of South Jackson had the mis
fortune to break her left arm. She
recovered the use of it, and seemed to
be all right. When she retired for the
night on Friday last she did not com
plain of pain or ache, but upon getting
up the next morning she could not use
her arm. On being examined it was
found to be broken again in the same
place, but how it was done is a mystery,
as she did not know it was injured
until she tried to use it. Dr. Gall has
charge of the case.
The Stomach is the Man.
A week stomach weakens the man.
because it cannot transform the food he
eats into nourishment. Health and
strength cannot be restored to any sick
man or weak woman without first re
storing health and strength to the
stomach. A weak stomach' cannot di
gest enough food to feed the tissues and
revive the tired and run down limbs
and organs of the body. Kodol Dys
pepsia Cure digests what you eat,
cleanses and strengthens the glands
and membranes of the stomach, and
cures indigestion, dyspepsia and all
stomach troubles. Sold by City
Pharmacy.
Olives, salami, swiss. limburgor
Martin's cream anu California cheese 
at Nettles' Mkt.Tho Kind You Have Always Bought, and which Las been
in use for over 30 years, has borne the signature of
S*j0 ' and has been made under his pcr-
£j£,jC/&'ffli i ~^ L ) > , sonal supervision since its infancy.
**mryr. '-CCCCAMZ Allow no one to deceive you in this.
All Counterfeits, Imitations and" Just-as-good "are but
Experiments that trifle with and endanger the health of
Infants and Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and wels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children" Panacea— Mother's Friend.
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
y^ Bears the Signature of _
The Kind You Have Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THE CENTAUR company, TT murray street, NEW york city.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
• Poison Oak •
s Cured :
- • Or your money back if it fails to cure •
• any case of POISON OAK or POISON •
0 ITT within 5 days; return the bottle J
• to the druggist and he will refund your •
• money. No grease or Salve to soil tho J
clothes but a pleasant palatable rcm- q
• edy that will effectually drive the dis- •
• ease out of the system. Take no other •
J until you have tried 2
• Dr. Mason's Poison Oak Cure •
• For Sale by all Druggists. je!7 •
•••••••••••••••••••••••a**
-
BiINK OF AMADOR COUNTY
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : : : $50,000
President Alfonse Ginocchio
Vice-President S. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudey
BOAHD OF DIRECTORS :
Alfonse Ginocchio, S. G. Spagnoli, 'John Strohm,
Frederick Eudey and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT —Safe dsposit boxes can be
rented from the Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from fire
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home Institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postoffice or express. Honey sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County.
They receive deposits from $5 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman .with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die it can't be found and you are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive.
J.GHIGLIERI&BRO.
Cosmopolitan Liquor Store
JACKSON GATE, CAL.
Dealers and Jobbers in foreign and domestic
WINES, LIQUORS & CIGARS
QELECTED stock of Imported Goods. Choice
>J California Wines, popular brands Eastern
and Domestic Beers; special bottling.
Havana, Key West and New York Cigars.
Bourbon, Rye, Sweet and Sour Mash Whiskies
of celebrated distilleries. ja2 ly
i,, > ngpgg~ST\ i xi^ *
/ VANDERPOOL \
y Plymouth, Cal. \l.
J\ - Can Make or Repair your /I
/y\ lI A PXICCC in an up-to-date work- M
VI 11/Al^ 1 ' C-'313C -' 313 manlike manner. |//\
KM He carries all kind of Harness and 111/
gf supplies in the line. Also, W
■ Buggies, Carriages & Carts 1
\ Carriage Trimming a specialty. jaSS I
FIRE INSURANCE
Insure your property
iii the
■ ' ■
PHOENIX ♦ OF ♦ LONDON
One of the oldest and most reliable
companies in tbe world. Establish
ed in 1782. It has paid many mill-
ions of dollars in policies.
Policies written In this standard
company
ALSO IN
Providence Washington
OF CONNECTICUT
Richard Webb,
Resident Agent, Jackson.
THIS WILL INTEREST YOU.
The Ledger has made rates with spv
eral publications whereby subscribers
may get the beneiit of good papers and
magazines at a very cboap rate. The
price of the Ledger is $2.50 a year, but
our arrangements are such that we are
able to present clubbing rates as below,
a^ no lover of good reading should fail
to take advantage of our offer. Theso
rates are payable in ad vance, aud we
invite old subscribers' as well as new ones
to interest themselves on this subject.
We have not forgotten the ladies, as
you cau see by referring to the list- our
offer on the Cosmopolitan Magazine,
also McCall's Magazine, which you
receive "without any additional cost
whatever, and you have the selection
of any pattern you wish, which will be
sent to your address free of charge.
Take advantage of our offer, and keep
posted on the news of the day:
Ledger and Dally Call, one yea'r.S 9 00
■Ledger aud Weekly Call one year 3 20
Ledger and Daily Chronicle, ono
year 9 00
Ledger and Weekly Chrouicle,
one year 3 60
Lodger and New York Tribune
Farmer 2 50
Ledger and New York Tri-Week
ly Tribune 3 00
Ledger and Weekly Chicago In- .-■
ter-Ocean 2 50
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Maga-
zinc, one year 2 75
Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
year,including free pattern.... 250
The abovo rates are strictly iv ad
vance.
A/J| EXCELSIOR BRAMf)
GLOTHINQi
SLICKERS I
£&£ V^^-4-^A^*\©l drv# rIH " IhM w «'crpr-ir.f M
ttT/*Qrs£@9il&&skC tflrvSk t-'oH't'iL: iv the world. Get W
VV\^S3f*ss>v* I^3 if i»'t ut dt'alera. write lo pH
E»Mt t'smlirldice', M»»s. R
I Amador Ledger 1
I Chicago Inter-Ocean *
$2.50 A YEAR • S
**************************
A.H. KUHLMAN
Contractor and Builder
Will do work in any part of
Amador County. If you want
to build, send a note to Jackson
Postoffice and I will call on you.
Estimates furnished without cost
on any kind of building. Will
make plans and specifications for
you. mar2tf
Geo. McMillaii
FOTOGRAPHER
"Fine Carbon Potos" all sizes. Groups
and Mining Views. Stamp Potos
and Button Jewelry.
JACKSON - - jeH - CAL.
".L,-. »• STRENGTH-GIVER, sfflß
Dr^gist, JAYNE'S TONIC VERMIFUGE, and MEN
$7000 CASH a ND
ROUND TRIP TICKETS TO
ST. LOUIS FAIR ran
Apply to 25 GENTS
J. POTTKR & CO., ■ ...
Rooms 33t 34 and 15, 115 Kearny St,
S*n Fnncisco, CU.
.■_ - _
THE AMAPOirLEDqEI?; JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 23, 1904.
By the Hand of
Providence
Martha M'Culloch-Williams
Copyright, 10W, by
Martha Jl;Culloch-Williams
Jemmy was explaining to Amelia:
"This is the way you niako a hortus
slccus: You get a big book with no
printin' in it, and then paste It full of
weeds and powers and grass and little
liits of bushes, but you have to dry,
dry, dry '0111. Siccus is Latin for just
us dry as a bone."
"I wonder could we put in Benjamin
Byram; Esq.?" Bess speculated plaln
lively. "Ileuvun knows he's dry
enough just as he stands. Then think
of the relief if he was once where
you could shut him up and off at will."
True giggled outright. "lie does talk
thirteen to the dozen," she said. "But
who wouldn't, with all his chances?
Nature made him a fool of the first wa
ter, and fate chipped in by ghrlrig
him a fortune and a doting family."
"Benjamin the Blatant, Tom Rod
man calls him," Bess begau, still plain
tive. Jemmy came charging at her,
with Amelia hot upon his heels, and
shouting: "You hush. Aunty Bess! You
wanter lose mo niy pony! Mister By
ram says he'll give me a Shetland If I
don't let nobody say a word against
him in this house."
"I b'leeve he wants Jem to fight with
Mister Tom Rodman," Amelia inter
rupted sagely, her head the least bit
aside. "And I ain't goin' to help him
there," she, added pointedly, '"cause
Mister Tom says I'm his sweetheart.
He's goin' to wait for me to grow up.
He thinks I'm a heap prettier'n Aunty
Bess right now."
"How about me?" I'rue asked, gig
gling more than ever. Amelia looked
reflectively, but Jemmy stuck his hands
In his pockets, set his feet far apart
and said, sticking out his chin after
the manner of his model, Benjamin
Byram, "Why, Prudy, you know no
body will ever look at you so long as
Aunty_ Bess and Melia are around."
"Won't they, iudced?" I'rue queried,
drawing down the corners of her
mouth meekly, although her eyes twin
kled. . Jemmy swung on his heel, say
ing magisterially: "Course not. Why,
you're all freckled same as a turkey
egg and haven't hardly got meat
enough to wrap up your long bones."
"Upon my soul! Say, Miss Prue,
shall I take him out and drown him?"
Tom liodmau asked, coming through
the door as ho spoke. But Jemmy only
grinned at him— Jemmy was nine and
Prue eighteen. They were the best of
comrades, despite his brutal frankness.
True made a dash at him, stood him
upon his head, then swung him by an
arm and a leg, chanting:
"Here he goes! Fingers and toes!
Up the chimney when the wind blows!"
ending" in a feint of flinging' Jemmy
upon the open fire. Amelia improved
the opportunity to pull her brother's
hair until he howled. They were twins
and pretty badly spoiled, as was but
natural, since they had grown up moth
erless iv their grandfather's house.
"I'll swing you by your legs, Prudy,
when I'm a man. You see if I don't,"
Jemmy said, trying to scowl, but grin
ning in spite of himself. Tom Rod
man picked the boy up and flung him
across his shoulder, saying gravely: "I
hate to do it, but there's nothing else
for it. Jemmy, I've been telling you
this ever so long I'd carry you to the
gypsies if you did not behave better.
Stop wriggling. You can't get away.
But I'll let you kiss Melia and the
others goodby. Be quick! You won't
ever see them again."
"Kiss 'em all yourself. That's what
you're after," Jemmy, the astute, piped
huskily as Tom carried him close to
Aunty Bess. His ami* were free.
Impishly he laid hold of the two heads
and yanked them together, locking his
arms behind the two necks and hold
ing them tight, laughing uproariously
all the while. Tom was a gallant fel
low, lie could do no less than kiss
Bess, if all his heart did belong to
sweet Miss Prue. . And just as he kiss
ed her who should come in to them
but Mr. Byram, the rich distant cousin,
who had been for three weeks a guest
at Fairlaw.
Mr. Byram had come there exploring.
He felt the need of a wife rather than
the want of one. Bess, who was tall
and twenty and the very moral of gra
cious Btateliness when she chose to be,
had captivated him out of hand. He
would have proposed to her the second
day of his visit, never doubting what
answer she would make, but that his
Bense of propriety forbade. Besides, it
would not do to dazzle her too sudden
ly. He must let the great' prospects
break gently upon her as dawn broke
over the world. So he had been nobly
impartial in his devoirs, so much so be.
had twinges of conscience whenever he
thought of Prue. She was hardly more
than a schoolgirl, to be sure, but quite
mature enough to break her heart over
loss of him if she once let herself seri
ously believe she had a chance of being
Sirs. Byram.
Of Tom Rodman he had taken no
more account than to set him down as
an impertinent puppy, with a knack of
coming in at all hours, especially when
Mr. Byram least expected or wanted
him. To discover him kissing Bess in
the face of everybody made Benjamin
the Blatant simply furious. All the
more furious that Jemmy cried out
gleefully: "Mister Byram! Mister By
ram! Come help me hold 'em! They
tried to skeer me, but I'm beatin' 'em
at their own game!"
"Let loose, you little varmint! Shut
up!" Tom commanded. Prue made a
dash at the tangle and deftly untwined
Jemmy's fingers, letting Bess escape.
Mr. Byram stood speechless in wrath
mm mm & mn nan ini-ogi
1 $2.50 PEE YK.an
!::• ! ;•> v.:vment until Amelia, sidling
up .i ulaii slid her hand within his auJ
suitl. with the least toss of the head:
•'Tl.ey ain't behavin' ugly. Mister Tom"
will be Aunty Bess' nephew when he
marries me, and the Fail-lies always
kiss their kinfolk, if they ain't too far
off nud great big stuffs into tbe bar
gain. Prue and Aunty Bess said so
the first night you came."
"Indeed!" Mr. Byram exploded.
"With my coming, I suppose, for a
text. Well, young ladies, I see in all this
the hand of Providence. A just and
ever watchful God would not permit
me to fall victim to your mercenary
designs. No doubt you were tempted
by my wealth and position, although
you are so wholly incapable of appre
ciating a man of my character" —
"Kindly come outside with me be
fore you say any more," Tom Rodman
interrupted, setting Jemmy down with
a thump and putting himself in front
of Bess, who had grown very white
and had eyes' of scorching flame. Prue,
coutrarywlse, had flushed so scarlet it
hid all her freckles. Tom reached a
hand to her and drew her toward him,
while he went on steadily: "Your talk
needs a man to hear and answer it
I'm that man. Bess and Prue have no
brother, and Mr. Fairlie is past fighting
age. But Prue belongs to me, and that
gives me the right to stand up for 'em.
So you come along! We'll settle this
the minute we strike the turnpike and
neutral ground."
"Hush, Tom! Remember he's our
guest!" Bess pleaded. Prue gave her
sweetheart a roguish and heavenly
smile. Amelia looked fit to cry over
the toppling of her air castle, but Jem
my turned a handspring by way of
showing his Joy in the "melley." As
he came up standing, he stepped iv
front of Byram, swelled out his chest
nnd said stoutly:
"Don't you try no crawfish games!
You know you wanted to marry Aunty
Bess! You told me so and said I must
court her for you. I ain't very big,
but if you try to go back on her I'll let
you know I can shoot my little gun,
and that's more than you can do. .We
won't have a regular duel, like grand
pa tells about. Let's try a buttin'
match instead, and if I butt you over,
like David did Goliath, you'll propose
to Aunty Bess same as ever and gim
me that Shetland you've been talkln'
so much about"
"Ladies and gentlemen, goodby," Mr.
Byram began in his most ceremonious
voice. He got no ; further. Jemmy
went at him like a catapult and bowled
him down and out of the door, only
stopping when his enemy lay prostrate
upon the hall threshold. There the
grownups came to the rescue and so
managed it that Mr. Byram went off
an hour later, somewhat bruised in his
person and self esteem, but as to his
outer man whole and speckless. When
the carriage rolled away with him Tom
Rodman drew a long breath and said
as he tossed a foreign letter to Bess:
"Your sweetheart is coming home by
the next steamer. Had a cable this
morning. You see, I have been writing
him things. He will agree with me
and the late Byram that in all this
there is unmistakably the hand of
Providence."
Talent Promptly Recognized.
The businesslike young man ap
proached the man at the desk.
"I'll ask only a minute of your time,"
he said. "I want to know if you
wouldn't like to subscribe for a copy
of this book. I've sold 150 of 'em in
this building in the last three daj-s."
The man at the desk took the book
and looked at it. He noted its utter
worthlessness from a literary point of
view, its tawdry binding and the
cheapness of the paper on which it was
printed. Then he said:
"Young man, do you mean to tell me
seriously that you have sold 150 copies
of that book in this one building?"
"Yes, sir. Here's my order book.
You can look at the signatures yourself.
Every one of them is genuine."
"I see. Young fellow, I don't know
how much you are making out of this
business, but I'll give you twice as
much, whatever it is, if you'll take hold
of a patent nose ring I was fool enough
to drop a lot of money in a few years
ago and help me to dispose of a stock
of 2,000 dozeu of 'em I've still got on
hand."— Chicago Tribune.
Ivory Carving In China and Japan.
In China and Japan ivory has been
carved, the ivory balls inclosed inside
one another being specially noted.
Many theories have been formed as to
how these balls have been cut. Per
haps a probable one is that a ball of
ivory was taken, around the upper and
lower ends of which four small holes
were carved out, gradually diminishing
in size toward the center until the axis
of the one hole met Ihe axis of the
other or lower one at right angles in
the center of the ball and that then
small tools were inserted and a thin
layer of ivory forming a part of a cir
cle from one hole to its lower corre
sponding one was cut and loosened
from the whole mass. So, gradually
cutting from one hole to the next one,
a complete inner circle was eventually
loosened, the circles themselves after
ward being cut into the required pat
tern.—Chambers' Journal.
The Dictionary Hniilt.
"Yes, it's a good thing for a man to
refer to the dictionary, but this prac
tice can often be carried to excess,"
said a well known magazine writer.
"Why, I've seen a man get so much
addicted to this habit," he continued,
"that he could not write an ordinary
letter without turning to the dictionary
three or four times in order to ascer
tain some big words that he could use.
This, I think, is a very great waste of
time, as he does not express his mean
ing a bit better than if he had
used some shorter and really English
words."
A w „ _ -^JL- T\ 2 l l Act directly on the liver. I
I\ VPI^C V*\ IIC They cure constipation,
IV. T vl -"aO Jl 111.0 D^ousness, sick-headache.
I * . » Sold for 60 years. kUraa.:!
Want your moustache or beard R||P|MNRLIAM'^ 11 YE
a beautiful brown or richblack? Use PfnTcSJWL^IF^EIA.JLV.t
/fl<§!r' iil^i<C(s^ Lumber Phone 19
' san francisco. K|fl^'^BH| Oregon Pine.
Tdcphone: \fifi^XSs Cedar and
Private Exchange 279 <1V"" 'LjSL^S, r» • •- .
.>?s¥j^»F Redwood
W- -fr -^ . Lumber
mcnl3 (Incorporated) - • n '• > ... . .
Rough or Worked
WE GIVE SPECIAL ATTENTION TO THE MINER'S REQUIREMENTS IN
MINING -'J 1 !=R AND TIMBER."^' Delivered to any destination desired.
P§| pp HBT.TLB :
--n**} PROPRIETOR OF fe*>w-
CENTRAL •» 31ARKET^
Fancy Groceries. Fresh Fruits, Vegetables
FTNR ASSORTMENT OF TEAS AND COFFEES^
1 FRESH FISH EVERY THURSDAY AND FRIDAY."
Drop in mid Compare .Prices' mid lie Convinced that Yon can
Sace Money by Trading With Me.
JACKSON CAL.
AMADOR LEDGER * WEEKLY GUGKO INTER OCEAN
II 52.50. PEK YEAR —
PIONEER FLOOR IS PERFECTION^
A Made From SELECTED WHEAT
|t Blended According to Our Own Formula
M Producina Perfect Results and
A Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
§? Srveet to the Palate's Touch and
*4 Snowy White
•- — —PIONEER FLOUR MILS, SACRAMENTO- -O
* • ENTERPRISE •
I -siJiiiS LIVERY - STABLE
%r r " '-Ij?-* 7 uMr £ft Par/
« 8^ O'NEILL & PODESTA, PROP'S.
| Transient Customers given the very best of attention.
3 Telegraph and Telephone Orders Promptly
* Attended to. Phone Main 383.
I Four-in-Hands, Surreys, Pole and Single Buggies, Saddle Horses.
|J MAIN STREET, JACKSON - - - CAL.
MIDVALE DRILL STEEL
m FOR SALE BY- •
• E. GINOCCHIO & BRO. General Alerchandise, Jackson, Calif.
L. OETTINGEK 8. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry a Machine' Shop;
Sutter Creek. Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made »t the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
and complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
i*on, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc., which we will
sell at the LOWEST CASH PRICES.
_
TO THE UNFORTUNATE
themost successful spe-
/MSSpI =s»VT«|}fT(l cialist in Kan Francis-
Jftwl I '■■ ■&Mlff( costillcontinuestocuro
lift A _L Bt#aiWaNß °" S exu al and Seminal
Ai'it'wffl? iWaKNs?nl L >iseils e s .such as (Jhon-
otr ' iei '.lJle<H. Stricture,
SssilffiWSiS Syphilis inallitsforms
fflaKOF^ Skin Diseases, Nervous
§S«^^^^^^^^gi.\| Seminal Weakness, arid
«^x-^^tss«McßSs\^v« Lo . js of Manhood, the
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counte-
nance dark spots under the eyes, pain in the
head, ringing in tho ears, loss of confidence,
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitation
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and back,
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs,
consumption, etc.
DR. GIBBON has practiced in San Francisco
over 40 years, and those troubled should not
fail to consult him and receive the benefit of
his great skill and experience. The doctor
cures when others fail. Try him. Cures guar-
anteed. Persons cured at home. Charges reas-
onable. Call or write.
Dh. J. F. Gibbon, 629 Kearney street, SaD
Francisco. Cal.
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA.
Boarding and Day School conducted by the Sis-
ters of Notre Dame (Namur). Founded In 1856
The curiculum embraces all the branches of
a solid English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses In art, language and music.
For further information address
a»W-W SISTER SUPERIOR.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Imported and Domestic -
Wines*Liqnors*Cip-s
JACK50N. ...... ...CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon. White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros.,
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries: Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines: Duuos Freres,
Bordeaux, Clarets and Sautcrnes ; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY, lliram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ited, Walkervillo. Ontario, Canada: John de
Kuypcr&Zoon, Cottcrdam, Gin; Gilka Kuem-
mcl, from J. A, Gilka, Berlin; liarthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester, N. V,. Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness*
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London); Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ale; Niiglce Brandy; Reimportcd American
Whiskies.
MINERS' HEADQUARTERS
■ — AT .
Tarn & Marenzi's
MAIN STREET, JACKSOD.
EVERYTHING •
in the lino of Wearing Apparel used
by a Minor can be found at our Store.
■ We ruuko a spoeialty of Gonts' Fur-
nishings as well, and our prices aro as
low as the lowost.
Sole Agents for the Mercantile
Tailoring Co. of Chicago.
janB
niCHARD WKIIB
United States Commissioner
JACKSON, CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other tilings;
taking of final proofs and all other Land
Business.
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
Agent for Phoenix Assurance Company of
London, and Washington Providence Fire In
fiuraiii'ii Companies. je22tr
Grove's Tasteless Chill Tonic 1
has stood the test 25 yean;. Average Annual Sales over One and a Half Million I
bottles. Does this recortf of merit appeal to you ? No Cure, No Pay. 50c. 1
Enclosed with every »--.»?• V is a TeftCent» package of Grove's Black Root. Liver Pflfc. H
CRETAN LEPERS.
Their Numbers Are Swelled by Thrf*
Food and Their Filth.
In the small island of Crete leprosy
Is shockingly prevalent. The Cretans
have themselves to thank' for this state
of affairs. The houses may be pretty
and whitewashed on the outside, but
within the filth Is fearful. And the
food they eat la just what eacourages
leprosy. . The Greek forbids meat about
200 days out of the year, so as good
Christians they must live on- salt flsh,
which Is not improved by Its long
Journey from northern seas to southern
heat. The olive oil Is «o plentiful—
they export 20,000 tons each year— that
they use It to excess, even adding it to
the milk of a rice pudding. But the
crowning evil Is pork, the favorite fare
of the Cretans on days when the
church allows them to eat meat. The
leper is not cut off here as he is In the
Fiji islands or at the Cape. Outside
each village may be seen a little white
house called the "leprochorion." Here
the lepers live. Their estates, if they
have any, are administered for them
by friends, nnd any one passing by the
door may speak to them. If the suf
ferers be poor the state provides each
day a loaf of bread, and the charity
of passersby adds the luxuries.— New
York Herald.
THE PRIMITIVE STAGE.
How tbe Drama Flourished Ib the
Time of Elizabeth.
The great plays of Marlowe, Shake
speare and Jonson were performed by
actors in Elizabethan dress in front of
a curtain, usually in daylight, on a lit
tle stage partly occupied by the gal
lants of the period, with their pages
and tobacco pipes. There was no fash
ionable actress, no orchestra, no lime
light, yet the drama was more popu
lar than churchgoing and held Its own
even with such gentle sports as bull
baiting and "wiping of the ' blind
beare." The little that we know of
the actors shows them, with the excep
tion of Burbage and Nathaniel Field, to
have been very ordinary workaday
people, with empty pockets and domes
tic affections and other modern charac
teristics. Yet the protests of the I"uri
tans, the avaricious records of the
censor and the continual erection of
new theaters In spite of the solemn
threats of the city fathers are evidence
enough of the marvelous popularity to
which the art attained in that "spa
cious time" of playhouses most re
markable .for lack of space.— London
World. "«• —
OIL ON THE WATER.
Its Soothing; Effect Was Known as
Early as the Sixth Century.
A few gallons of oil cast upon stormy
seas moderates their violence and pre
vents the waves from breaking with
force. That this is the case has long
been known. Theophylactes, the By
zantine historian of the sixth century,
propounded tKe question, "Why does
oil calm the sea?" and answered it to
the effect that as the wind is a subtle
and delicate thing and oil is adhesive
end unctuous the wind glides over the
surface of the water on which oil has
been spread and cannot raise waves.
The wind, in fact, slips over the water
without being able to obtain a grip.
In the gulf of Mexico there is a re
markable stretch of water about two
miles long by three-quarters of a mile
broad to which the name of "oil spot"
has been given because in the worst of
storms the mariner finds still water
there.
Its character as a safe harbor of ref
uge is said to be due to an oily proper
ty of the mud stirred up by the storm.
Pern's Whistling Jars.
Among the ruined cities of ' Pern
nearly fifty different kinds of musical
Instruments have been found. Unique
among these are many double whis
tling Jars or musical water- bottles.
Near the top of the first or front jar,
which is usually surmounted by a hu
man or animal figure, is the opening of
the whistle. When the jars have been
partly filled and are swung backward
and forward a number of whistling
sounds are produced. As the vessel
swings forward and upward the water
Is lowered in the first jar and rises In
the other. In the backward motion it
rushes back into the flrst, forcing the
air out through the whistle.
Caatoma In Mongolia.
Tea, with an admixture of salt and
mutton grease. Is the common beverage
In Mongolia. It is not recommenda :
ble. Snuff taking is universal, and
the offer of the snuff bottle is the gen
eral method of greeting. Mongols ap
pear to seclude their women in some
measure, at least, from strangers, and
a traveler's arrival is usually the sig
nal for a hasty departure of the ladies
of the family for the tents of their
next neighbors.
The Whole Story.
Robert— Has your wife much curios
ity? Richard— Oh. an awful lot. If I
began to tell her what you told me
standing on this corner she wouldn't
hear a word of what you said until I
told her what corner we were standing
on. — Indianapolis Journal.
Timely Warnlnsr.
Fortune Teller— Bevcnre of the hand
some man with dark eyes and brilliant
diamond pin. Fair Maid.— Why? For
tune Teller— You enn't support Mm.—
Smart Set.
Knew It.
She— l suppose you flatter yourself
you are a great man? He— l do not
flatter myself. I merely recognize a
fart
To know how to be silent Is more dif
ficult and more profitable than to know
how to speak.— Dumaa.
> @V'»H DR. JORDAN'S Great
[ff||Museum of Anatomy
I 10: i mEKI SI. tot. Hi S 7th, S.T. CiL
I|Mm The LargMtnMukindhillwWoiU.
11 frfioV fl ftre continually «l'Hon new ppedrarnn.
} 1. ll ****£ Come and learn how wonderfully you arc mftd«
s\n n and how to atoW livkuffts and disease. If yon
i\ U a mffer from any of thu ills of men, come to the
m Qoldcut Specialist on tbe Pacific Coast,
I nit. jori> tiv-i'iiiTATF. msi:A«r.!«
Consultation free and sti telly private. Treatment person*
I ally or by Infer. BYPHII.II thoroughly eradicated
" from the •ystera without using Mrrciir^,
kveht mm applying to us will receive our
f hotittt opinion of nil compliiint.
IV» will Guarantee a rOSITFTE CURE In aery nit
i tee untttrtake, or forfeit ftm Thousnntl llnllnrs.
Write for Book— IMi i lo»o|>li.< «t'.i|arriag:e,
► Miu.xn ntKB. (A valuable book for nif v. )
DR. JORDAN tit C 0.,1051 Mnrket «v & F.
COLONIST RATES
TO CALIFORNIA-
— VIA —
SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES
Daily, Sept. 15 to Oct. 15, '04
From SIOUX CITY $25.00
COUNCIL BLUFFS 88.00
OMAHA 25.00
ST. JOSEPH.. .25.00
KANSAS CITY 25.C0 -faKl
LEAVER WOETH 25 00
DENVEB 25.00
• HOUSTON 28.15
ST. LOUIS 3000
NEWOKLEANS 80.00
PEOBIA 31.03
BLOOMINGTON 32.00
ST. PAUL 32.90
CHICAGO 33 00
. NEWYOBK. 50.00
Tho cost of a ticket can be deposited at onoe
with any Southern Pacific Agent in California
and the ticket will be furnished to the passen-
ger in the East, while these low rates are in
cncct« . (
_Stopovors i allowed at certain intermediate
stations in California, except Los Angeles and
San Francisco, up to Oct. 31st, 1904.
Illustrated California Liter»tnr«
Mailed Free to any Address.
J. K. URAY, T. H. UOODMAN.
Div. Pass. Agt.. .-; V. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Sacramento. San Francisco.
•DAILY STAGE LINE |
• BETWEEN *
• JACKSON tmd ELDORADO •
• J. Stelner. Proprietor. •
0 Leaves Jackson every morning at 7:30 J
• a. m.; arrives at Plymouth 10:30 a. m. « '
• Leaves Plymouth at Ip. m.; arrives at •
J El dorado 5 p. m. •'.
J Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a. m.; arrives •
• at Plymouth 11 a. m. Leaves Plymouth %■'
• at 2p. m ; a rives in Jackson at 5 p. in. •
#) OtvicKs-Jarkson. National Hotel: Sut- 5
c , tcrOrwk, American Exchange; Ama- —
• dor ( a ty . Amador Hotel ; Drytbwn, Er- ; 5
m change; r Plymouth, Forest House. J
•■, Prompt delivery of packages. • ;
• Tins line ronnects with passeneer •
• trains to and from Placerville. •
S THROUGH FARE - - - - $2.60 J
• Fifty pounds of baggage fren. • :
••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
Glir MEAT MARKET
North Main St., Jackson, Cal.
Geo. L. Thomas 8c Co., Prop'rs
Dealers in all kinds of meats. Choice'
BEEF. MUTTON,
PORK, VEAL,
LAMB, HAMS,
CORNED BEEF, BACON,
I AD ft FTf
At lowest market prices. Orders
promptly delivered. jj a 8
••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
| UNITED STATES MAIL |
5 Daily Stage Line f
J Between Jackson, Pine Grove J
• and Volcano. •
• T. A. MARSINO - Proprietor J
• ' Leaves Jackson daily at 6:30 a. m •
• Arrives at Pine Grovo about 9a. m , and •
• at Volcano about 9 :30 am. 9
• Makes connection with the stage leav- *
• ing Volcano for Defender every Monday, •
• Wednesday and Friday. •
m . Leaves Volcano daily at 2 p. m. ar- S
1 riving at Pine Grove at 3 p. m, and !
0 Jackson at sp. m. •
• Ilest service In Amador Uounty. •
• Prompt delivery of packages a *
• specialty. •
• Fare— Jackson to Volcano 11.50; Jack- •
• son to Pine Grove 11.00. Round trip •
• to Volcano 12.50. •
m Offices— National Hotel, Jackson, and 2
0 Postofflces Pine Grove and Volcano. Z
• mars 5
••••••••••••••••••••••a***
GO TO THE —
AMADOR BAKERY
! A. I)AL PORTA & CO., Prop'rs.
JWHEN YOU
I WANT FSESH DHLA Urn
j Wo also keep a large stock of
''■ Staple and Fancy
* GROCERIES. *.
Our Prices will suit you.
Our Specialty— Fresh Bread each day except
Sunday. ' jaB
If You Want Z~
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made From Pure Hops
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. myiO