Established November i, 1855.
LAWYERS.
TAUUK & TAHOK
**i ■■ ' '-'-■; '% ' * ' '■'
Attorneys at I-aw
Stoll Building, Sachamento, Cau
Special attention given to applications /or
United States Mineral Patents and Land and
Mining litigation.
"P|" • B. SI'AUNOLI
-'" Attorney ami Ciiuuselur at Law
; Jackson. Cal.
Practice in all the States and Federal courts
Office: Spagnoli building, opposite H»H il
Records.
T W. CALDWF.U,
Jackson, Cal.
Will practice Ill 'all courts of the State,
TOHX K. UAVIS
*l '9■■ .' - ■■' ■: - •
-LAWYER —
Office on Summit Street, opposite Courthouse
NOTARIES.
rriLUA C'LOUGII
Stenographer Mtul Notary I'ulilir
Jackson, Cal.
'.'fflce, Judge Davis' law offices. Summit Street
■ ■ DOCTORS.
171 K. ESUICOTT,. AI.'VD.* 1 /;;
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal. .
Oflice: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times.
r~\R. K. V. TIFFANY
l"lij«i« iun and Surgeon
PLYMOUTH, CAL.
Office— Forrest House. Hocus— B to 9a. m.,
and 1 to 2 and 7 to 8 p. m.
Telephone Main 41.
T^R.Y. K. PHILLIPS
Physician anil surgeou
JACKSON CAL.
OrricE— Wetf & Renno Building. Residence,
north Main street, opposite California
Telephone No. -Ml.
l^vui A.. M. GALL
Physician ami Suigeun
Jackson; Cal.
Office in Marelia building. Main Street
J )R. E. V. LONIGO
■ [From the Medical School of florence (Italy}
A graduate Besides from the Medical Depart-
ment University of the Slate of California,
undex-Surgeon to the City Receiving Hospi-
tal of San Francisco, begs leave to inform
yt-u that he has opened his offlce iv the town
of Jackson, Kay's building, formerly Dr. Rob-
ertson's ofnee, where all who call will be an-
swered day and night . -
«. J-jniral Surgery & Obstetrical attendance his
specialties. Telephone No. 467. ■
|\B.J. H. O'COX.NOH
Physician aud Surgeon
Formerly of Roosevolt Hospital and Vander-
l ill Clinic, New York City.
1 Mtlce and residence opposite the Methodist
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
DENTISTS.
I \K. C. A. HEKRICK
; .; ; . DENTIST
Otiice in Kay buhoinp. Hours from 9 a. m. to
s p. m.
; ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»
! Globe Hotel]
:: 111 j:
] \ NEW MANAGEMENT. ] |
I E. M. HURST- Proprietor %
i RATES FROM $1 TO $2 A DAY j :
' Meals from 25c to 50c. J '
i ; ■ i:
1 Sample Rooms for Commer- J
! clal Travelers. ! !
I ' All Stages stop at this hotel. < '
• • } AClvoOlN CAL,. < >
II " . " ' my» < >
' ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street. Jackson
WATCHES, CLOCKS JEWELRY^
AND SILVERWARE
*
tt All goods warranted as represented
R 'l'-ililng of watches. Clocks and jewelry a
specialty.
SUGAR
/•a -*• a lb.)
la order to intrvdaoa o*r Qua I ity H
Jrocarlas wa will lead to any onaß
'rally ana erdar of oar Saaclnfta
:embtnatlen Ho. IC for &A.6O.E]
v> pay the cxpraii of trelf tat. |i
-'* -■•* "C!bi. best GraanUted Can* H
Sn j«u, wait* and dfy.............|L00H
IS lbs. sew fancy htad Tail* Q
'■ Rice. »«ry btft .™.. I.OO EI
.01b. rail pur* Leaf Lard, R*x H
I or tmilt UOSg
5 lhß. farcy Enfllnh Brrtkfait, U
< Spider Lag or Cajlon T« a LKn
, 5 lbs. Mocha and Java Coffee, H
: roait er jrrannd, none better. LBOE|
slb«. p"re Baking Powder, B
Kaitern "Cr»tm". .................. l.Ha
KmjtUif OnnvM-Xnij tut. Trblß
1 wiyla «r «ar ft*m Bsl tf d free. Ff
SMITHS' CASH STORF, Inc. B
■-•5 Market Street. BAN FRANCISCO U
j . Hwailiwtlmi aji nt«r wta» jrlKlmg. H
The Amador Ledger.
CHAPTER CCXI.
An act to provide for the issuance and Bale of
state bonds to create a fund for the construc
tion by the board of state harbor commis
sioners of a seawall and appurtenances in
the city and county of Ban Franoisco; to
create a sinking fund for the payment of
Eaid bonds; and providing for the submis
sion of this act to a vote of the people.
[Approved March 20, 1903.] -
£he people of the State of California, repre
sented in senate and assembly do enact as
;,* follows: :'.'.'■''
Section 1. Kor the purpose of providing a
fund for the payment of the Indebtness here
by authority to be Incurred by the board of
state harbor commissioners for the erection
of a seawall and appurtenances in the city
and county of San Francisco, at a cost not to
exceed two million dollars (which said sea
wall nnd appurtenances the board of state
harbor commissioners are hereby empower
ed to construct In the manner authorized
by liw. and at a cost not to exceed said
two million dollars.) the state treasurer shall,
Immediately after the Issuance of tho pro
clamation of the governor, provided for
in section ten hereof, prepare two thous
and suitable bonds of the State of Cali
fornia, in the denomination of one thous
and dollars each. Tho whole issue of
said bonds shall not exceed tho sum of
two million dollars, und said : bonds ■ tbnll
bear interest at the rate of fou? per centum
per annum, from the time of the sale thereof,
and both principal and Interest shall be pay
able in gold coin of the present standard
of value, and they shall be payable at the
office of the state treasurer, at the expiration
of nineteen years from their date, subject,
however to redemption by lot as in this act
hereinafter provided. Said bonds shall bear
date, the second day of. January, A. D. nine
teen huudred and nve, and shall be made
payable on the second day of January, nine
teen hundred and twenty-four A. JJ. The
interest acenring on such of said bonds as
are sold, shall be due and payable at the
office of the said state treasurerou the second
day of January, and on the second day of July
of each year after thesale of the same; pro
vided, that the first payment of intereslsliull
be made on the second day of January, A, D.
nineteen hundred and six, on so many of
said bonds as may have been theretofore sold.
At the expiration of nineteen years from the
dateof said bonds, all bonds sold shall cease
to bear interest, and, likewise, all bonds re
deemed by 10l shall cease to bear interest as
In this act provided, and the said state treas
urershall call In, forthwith pay, and cancel
the same, out of the moneys in the San Fran
cisco seawall sinking fund provided for in
this act and he shall on the lirst Monday of
Jnuiiary, nineteen hundred and twenty-four,
also cancel and destroy all bonds not there
tofore sold. All bonds Issued shall bo signed
by the governor, and countersigned by the
controller, and shall be Indorsed by thestate
treasurer, and each shall have the seal of the
state stamped thereon. F.acu bond shall
contain n clause that It Is subject toredemp
tiou by lot after the year 1914.
Sec. 2. Interest coupons shall be attached
to each of said bonds, so that such coupons
may bo removed without Injury to or mutila
tion of the bond. Said coupons shall be eon
secutivtly numbered, and shall be signed by
thestate treasurer. But no Interest on any
ol said bonds shall be paid for any time
which may intervene between the date of
any of said bonds and the Issue and sale
thereof to a purchaser.
Sec. 3. The sum of one thousand dollars is
heieby appropriated to pay the expense that
may be incurred by the state treasurer in
having said bonds prepared. Said amount
shall be paid out of the Sun Francisco harbor
Improvement fund on controller's warrants
duly drawn for that purpose.
Sec. 4. When the bonds authorized to be
Issued under this act shall be duly executed,
they shall be by tie state treasurer sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
in such parcels and numbers as said treasur
er shall be directed by the governor of the
state, under the seal thereof after a resolu
tion requesting such sale shall have been
adopted by the board of state harbor com
missioners; but said treasurer must reject
any and all bids for said bonds, or lor any of
them, which shall be below tho par value of
said bonds so offered; and he may, by public
announcement at the place and time nxed
for the sale, continue such sale, as to the
whole of the bonds offered, or any part there
of offered to such time and place* as. he. 'may
select. Due notice of the time and place of
sale of all bonds must be given by said treas
urer by publication in two newspapers pub
lished in the city and county of San Fran
cisco, and also by publication in one news
paper published In the city of Oakland, and
by publication in one newspaper published
in the city of Los Angeles, and by publication
in one newspaper published in the city of
Sacramento, once a week during four weeks
prior to such sale. The costs of such publica
tion shall be paid out of the San Francisco
harbor improvement fund, on controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose. The
proceeds of the sale of such" bonds . shall be
forthwith paid over by said treasurer into the
treasury, and must be be by him kept in a
separate fund, to be known and designated
as the '-San Francisco Seawall Fund" and
must be used exclusively for the construction
of seawalls and appurtenances thereto on the
waterfront of the city and county of San
Francisco. Drafts and warrants upon said
fund shall be drawn upon and shall be paid
out of said fund in the same mannei as draft*
and warrants are drawn upon and paid out
of the fcian Francisco harbor improvement
fund.
Sec. 5. • For the payment of the principal
and interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to
be known and designated as the "San Fran
cisco Seawall Sinking Fund" shall be and
the same is hereby created, as follows: The
slate treasurer shall, on the lirst day of each
and every month after the sale of said bonds,
takefrom the San Franciscoharborimprove
meiit fuud such sum as, multiplied by the
time the bonds then sold and outstanding
have to run, will equal the principal of the
bonds sold and outstanding at the time said
treasurer shall so take said sum' from said
ban Francisco harbor improvement fund,
less the amount theretofore taken therefrom
for said purpose; and he shall place the sum
in thy ban Francisco seawall sinking fund
created by this act. Said state treasurer
shall, on controller's warrants duly drawn
for that purpose employ the moneys In said
sinking fund In the purchase of bonds of tho
United States, or of the State of California,
or of the several counties or municipalities
of the btate of California, which said bonds
shall be kept In a proper receptacle, appro
priately labeled; but he must keep always
on hand a sufficient amount of money in
said sinking fund with which to pay tho in
terest on such of the state bonds herein pro
vided to be Issued as may have theretofore
been sold. And to provide means for the
payment of interest on the bonds that may
be sold and outstanding, said treasurer shall
monthly take from the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund, and pay Into said sea
wall sinking fuud, an amount equal to the
monthly interest then due on all bonds then
sold, delivered and outstanding. The board
of slate harbor commissioners are hereby
authorized and directed by the collection of
dockage, tolls, rents, wharfage and cranage,
to collect a sum of money sufficient for the
purposes of this net, over above the amount
limited by section two thousand five hun
dred and twenty-six of the Political Code of
the State of California. Between the first and
the tenth day of November, in the year nine
teen hundred aud fourteen, and between the
first and the tenth day of November of each
year thereafter until the maturity of said
bonds, the said treasurer shall, in tho pres
ence of the governor, proceed to draw by lot
such an amount of bonds as shall be requlste
to exhaust as nearly as may be 'the amount
In said sinking fund at that time, and shall
thereupon and before the tenth day of Decem
ber following, give notice by public advertis
ment to be Inserted twice a week for two weeks
in two newspapers published In the city and
county of San I'ranclsco, and also In one news
paper published in the city of Oakland, and also
in one newspaper published In the city ol Los
Angeles, and also In one newspaper published
in the city of Sacramento, stating the number of
bonds bo drawn and that the principal o£ said
bonds will be paid on presentation to the treas
urer on or before the second day of January,
following, and that from and after euch last
named date all Interest upon bonds thus drawn
shall cease and It shall be the duty of the treas
urer as coon as said bonds so drawn by lot are
surrendered to him and paid to cancel the same
and the Interest coupons thereon, and each
year beginning with the year 1914 the said treas
urer shall, in the manner aforesaid, proceed to
draw by lot such an amount of bonds as shall
be requlste to exhaust as nearly as may be the
amount In said sinking fund, and proceed In the
manner hereinabove stated. After the payment
of all ot said bonds, the surplus or balance re
maining In said sinking fund, if any there be,
shall forthwith bo paid Into the San Franciscisco
harbor improvement fund. At the time ot the
respective drawings by lot as aforesaid, and also
at the maturity ot said state bonds, said treas
urer shall sell the United States or other bonds
then in said stoking fund, at governing market
rates, after advertising the sale thereof in the
manner hereinbefore provided for the sale of
bonds hereby authorized to be issued, and shall
use the proceeds for the payment of such bonds
as may be drawn by lot, and at the maturity ot
B&id bonds outstanding shall pay and
redeem said matured outstanding bonds out ot
said moneys In said fund In extinguishment ot
said bonds on controller's warrants duly drawn
for that purpose.
Sec. 6- The state controller and the .state
treasurer shall keep full and particular account
and record of all their proceedings under this
act, and they shall transmit to the governor an
abstract of all such proceedings thereunder,
with an annual report, to be by the governor
laid before the legislature biennially; and all
books and papers pertaining to the matter pro
vided for in this act shall at all times be open to
the inspection ol any party Interested, or the
governor, or tha attorney-general, or a com
mittee ot either branch of the legislature, or a
joint committee ol both, or any citizen ot the
state.
sec 7. It shall be the duty ot theatato treas
urer to pay the Interest ot said, bonds, when the
sajnq tali* Qua Oil) ol Oxt sis fcioj (twO. r WT M«<l
JAGKSON, AMADOE - COUNTY. CALIFOBSIA, TEIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1904.
tor In this act, on controller's warrants iluly
drawn tor that purpose. -
BEO. 8. This act It adopted by the people,
shall take effect on tho thirty first day ot Decem
ber, A. D. nineteen hundred and tour, as to all
Its provisions e&cept those relating to and netea
sary tor Its submission to the people, and for re
turning, canvassing, and proclaiming the votes,
and as to said excepted provisions this act
shall take effect Immediately.
BKC. 9. This act shall be submitted to the
people ot thu State ot California for their ratifica
tion at the next, general election, to be holden
In the month of November, A. D. nineteen hun
dred and tour; and all ballots at said election
shall have printed thereon, and at the cud
thereof, the words "For the San I'ranctsco Sea
wall Act," and in a separate line under the same
words "Against the San Francisco Seawall Act."
ana opposite said lines there shall tin left spaces
In which the voters may make or stamp a cross
to Indicate whether they voto for or against the
said act, and those voting lor said act shall do
so by placing a cross opposite the words "For
the .San Francisco Seawall Act," and all those
voting against the said act shall do so by plac
ing a cross opposite the words "Against the San
Francisco Seawall Act." The governor ot thla
state shall Include the submission ol this act to
the people, as aforesaid. In his proclamation
calling tor said general election. -
BEC. 10. The votes cast tor or against this act
Khali be counted, returned and canvassed and
declared In the same manner and subject to
the same rules as votes caßt for state officers ;
and If It appear that said act shall have re
ceived a majority of all the votes cast for and
against tt at such election," as aforesaid, . then
the same shall have effect as. hereinbefore pro
vided, and shall be lrrepealable until fhe princi
pal and Interest of the liabilities herein created
shall be paid and discharged, and the governor
bhall make proclamation ' thereot ; but It a
majority of the votes cast as aforesaid are
against this act, then the same shall be and be
come void.
Sec. 11. This act may be known and cited as
the "San Francisco Seawall Act."
Sec. 12. AU acts and parts of acts in conflict
with the provisions of this act are hereby
repealed.
CAMPANELLI k OBERT
\i— DEALERB IN
GROCERIES,
DRY GOODS.
BOOTS & SHOES,
GENTS' FURNISHINGS
Old friends are always welcome. New
ones likewise.
A Bar in connection, the appointments of which
are unsurpassed in Calaveras county. Give
, us a call and we will treat you right,
PALCMHA - - - - CAL.
LUCOT & FORD
PRACTICAL HORSESHOERS
_jj MAIN BTEEET, JACKSOfI JK
<f] WEAB NATIONAL HOTEL f^"
Particular attention paid to Interfering,
Stumbling, Over-reaohlng. Cross- Firing. Quar-
ter Cracks, and all Imperfections of the Foot.
Buggy and Carriage Work Prompt-
ly Done.
«*- Agents for Buggies, Carts and other
vehicles at lowest prices. -
ALL WORK GUARANTEED.
CHARGES SEASONABLE.
janl-tf TELEPHONE 401.
Fine Sample Commercial
Room 9. Travelers Rouse
Amador Hotel
. -S.J.P^ce, Proprietor-
AMADOR CITY .... CALIFORNIA.
I. y- « j
The most excellently appointed hostelry
in Amador County,
f ■ ' ■'■■ *
-HOT AND COLD BATHS-
A bar in connection supplied with the
choioest Wines, Liquors and Cigars.
fl2 RATES REASONABLE.
-
— - .
eSjf Union Stables
» llVjfilV under Webb Hall *
MAIN STREET - - JACKSON, CALV
• ~-rM. NEWMAN. Prop.
The Stable equipped with Brst-ciass stock
and vehicles. Suitable rigs for Commercial
travelers with trunks.
Special Attention Paid *
* to Transient Stock.
Large stable and yard for use of teamsters.
Telegrams answered free of cost. j 2 -23-tf
•••••••••••••••••••••••at*
: national :
111I II' @) 3P Bl Id f
1 JACKSON, CAL. •
I BEST OF ACGOIdIIONS j
2 Rates $1.00 to $3.00 a Day Z
2 OFFICE FOR ALL «
2 STAGE LINES. 2
2 Frank A. Voorheis - Prop. 2
••••••••••••••••••••••a***
Utah Alfalfa M
Samples. and Quotations on Application.
Catalogue of VEGETABLE and
FLOWER SEEDS— Free
WRITE FOR A COPY
TRUJVIBULL & BEEBE
Seedsmen & Nurserymen
419-421 Sansorru St. San Franclic*
-. HALL. LUHRS. & CO.
Clti taste and flavor j
I superior to all. others. I
V "Our Tute" Fruits, Vege- B
\ ""'■' table*, Hams, Bacon, Oysters,.;^
W are sold by all Grocers J»
Hall, Luhrs <Sl> Co. jffig
Democrats insist that- their plat
form is "just as <;ood" as the repub
lican on the money question, but it
will be difficult to induce the voters
to vote for an imitation or a substi
tute when they can get the real
goods by supporting the republican
ticket.
The republican party makes no
promise of what it is going to do on
the money question, but points to
what it has done and declares that
having started right it is natural
to keep right.
Democrats would not object so
much to Mr. Bryan's talking if he
xvould only agree to adopt the demo
cratic policy of admitting that he
had been wrong in former campaigns.
Democrats assert that presideut
Roosevelt is "dangerous. " He is, to
the extent that all brave men are
dangerous to their foes in open
Chairman Taggart of the demo
cratic committee is said to "dearly
love an uphill tight." He has oue
cut out for him now. then, that
ought to please him hugely.
CASTORIA.
Bean the ~A The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature fTP - S/yrt-^^T"*
or l*ta&Z7cu3ute:
■>.«.■; . .--^ . - wm
In dealing with' the »reat organ
izations kuown as trusts, wo do not
have to explain why the laws were
not enforced, but to point out that"
they actually have been enforced
and that legislation has been unact
ed to increase the effectiveness of
their enforcement. We do not have
to propose to "turn the rascals out,"
for we have shown in very deed that
whenever by diligent investigation
a public official can be found who has
betrayed his trust, he will be punish
ed to the full extent of the law without
regard to whether he was appointed
under a republican or a democratic
administration. — T. Koosevelt.
PITH AND POINT.
Lots of worthy people are not popu
lar. There's your case, for example.
Talk about a rut all you please, some
men are never any good out of one.
The second time a man calls on a
clever girl she tells him she knows his
step.
Youth deals in fancy; age, in facts.
All false teeth are made to look too
young.
Before saying that you think forty
Is old remember there may be some
one present who is at least forty-one.
You are getting old when people be
gin to say that you have money hidden
around somewhere. They never accuse
the young of hiding money.
There is a saying "Get busy." It ap
plies to idle, shiftless men. But there
should also be a saying "Get lazy." It
would apply with force to some men
who work too much.— Atchison Globe.
% for Health
222 South Peoria St.,
Chicago, 111., Oct. 7, 1902.
Eight months ago I iras so ill
that I was compelled to lie or sit
down nearly au the time. My
stomach was so weak and upset
that I could keep nothing on it
and I vomited frequently. I
could not urinate without great
pain and I couched co much that
my throat ana lungs were raw
and sore. The doctors pro-
nounced it Bright 'fl disease and
others said it was consumption.
It mattered little to me what
they called it and I had no de-
sire to lire. Asister visited me
from St. Louis and asked me if
I had ever tried Wine of Cardui.
I told her I had not and she
bought a bottle. ■ I believe that
it saved my life. I believe many
women could save much suffer-
ing if they but knew of its value.
Don't you want freedom from
pain? Take Wine of Cardui
and make one supreme effort to "
be well. You do not need to be
a weak, helpless sufferer. You
can have a woman's health and
do a woman's work in life. Wljy
not secure a bottle of Wine of
Cardui from your druggist to-
day?
WINE'CftBDUI
THE AFTERNOON NAP.
Vodern Conditions Killing; the Sles-
ta Habit In Mexico.
; There arc people in Mexico City who
take their afternoon nap every day,
and are greatly benefited thereby, but
their number appears to be growing
less year by year. Whether the siesta
Is beneficial or not, or whether in this
high' altitude it is a necessity for many
persons, as is claimed by some, its
death knell as a general custom seems
to ■ have been sounded since the city
adopted its modern enterprise and
push. Many old residents will tell you
of the time when a person in the city
of Mexico would have been considered
almost crazy if he neglected his after
noon rest, but gradually, with the ad
rent of the railways, the street cars
and the electric lights, came the in
evitable sleeplessness which is one of
the most noticeable characteristics of
morlern civilization.
'T&i.ere are several supporters of. the
siesta idea in this city who express re
gret that the custom appears to be
passing away. These persons, who are
themselves devotees of the practice,
claim that it is a healthful and nerve
restoring habit and that if It were In
dulged in systematically by the people
of the United States and other pro
gressive countries there would be few
er cases of nervous wrecks for the
newspapers to report. "Early rising
and a short nap after dinner" is what
these people advocate, claiming that
the best work of most persons is per
formed in the morning.— Mexican Her
ald.
FIRST USE OF TEA.
An Ancient Legend Ascribes It to a
King of China.
By whom or when the use of tea for
drinking purposes was first discovered
is lost in antiquity. It Is spoken of as
a famous herb In Chinese literature aa
far back as 2,000 years B. C, at which
time its cultivation and classification
were almost as thorough and complete
as they are today. One of the ancient
legends says that its virtues were ac
cidentally learned by King Shen Nung
She, the Chinese monarch who is also
known as "the divine husbandman,"
who, the record 6ays, flourished forty
centuries ago. He was engaged In boil
ing water over a fire made of the
branches of the tea plant and careless
ly allowed some of the leaves to fall
into the pot. ...?,'
The liquid which he expected to come
from the vessel simply as sterilized
water was miraculously converted into
an elixir of life by the accidental ad
dition of the tea leaves. Boon after It
became highly esteemed in all the ori
ental cities and was used as a royal
gift from the Chinese monarchs to the
potentates of southern and western
Asia.
This same King Shen Nung She not
only earned the title of respect by
which he was known through the dis
covery of the virtues of tea, but be
cauEe of being the first to teach his
people how to make and use plows and
many other Implements of husbandry.
Emerson on Lincoln.
The president impressed me more
favorably than I had hoped. A frank,
sincere, well meaning man, with a law
yer's habit of mind, good, clear state
ment of his fact, correct enough, not
vulgar, as described, but with a sort of
boyish cheerfulness, or that kind of
sincerity and Jolly good meaning that
our class meetings on commencement
days show in telling our old stories
over. When he has made his remark
he looks up at you with great satisfac
tion and shows all his white teeth and
laughs. He argued to Sumner the
whole case of Gordon, the slave
trader, point by point, and added that
he was not quite satisfied yet, and
meant to refresh his memory by look
ing again at the evidence. All this
showed a fidelity and conscientiousness
very honorable to him. When I was
introduced to him he said, "Oh, Mr.
Emerson, I once heard you say In a
lecture that a Kentucklan seems to
say by his air and manners, 'Here am
I; if you don't like me, the worse for
you.'"— Diary of B. W. Emerson in
Atlantic.
In Old Stagecoach Days.
There used to be rate wars In the
old stagecoach days in England. At
one time, early last century, one stage
coach company not only cut the price
from Lewes to London to a very low
rate, but gave also other inducements.
As the coach started from Lewes at
a somewhat uncomfortably early hour
in the morning, by way of tiding over
the difficulty the proprietors allowed
the more slothful of their passengers
to go overnight jto Brighton, where
they were accommodated with good
beds free of expense and could proceed
comfortably to London by the com
pany's morning coach.
Of Two Evil« Choose the Lenat.
Doctor— lf you are to recover, you
must spend the next three. months in
traveling. Patient— But I can't afford
It, doctor. - Doctor— Very well, stay at
home if you must, and I will visit you
daily. Patient— Never mind, doctor; I
think I will travel after all.
An Expensive "Wedding.
"The bride nearly fainted during the
ceremony and had to be supported by
her father until it was over."
"Yes, and now 1 hear her father is
supporting both of them."
Fooling His Stomach.
Landlady— You did not wear glasses
when you first came here. Why do
you wear them now? Boarder- I want
to make the food look as lafge as pos
sible!
"Rush the season!" cried the man to
the waiter, desiring the salt and papsi
In a hurry.— Philadelphia Bulletin.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
: Mortimer :
• The Painter •
• Is prepared to do all kinds of »
• House, Sign and Carriage •
• Painting. •
• PAPER HANGING, ETC. •
• In rear of Bank - - Jackson, Cal. •
We represent THE" RED FRONT WW'WM
flMEllSt Jackson's^. READY MDDE CLOTHES
IBgii|^^Ki|l§ll iillli
XXJL JLI V JLllg^ JLJxhLLy mmm m
I A New---Bright"--Clean---Up : to-date--- \
# Carefully selected Stock will soon be #
i completed and placed on sale. I*
Perhaps we are a little too early yet. It matters
not. We want to be as usual the
first in the field.
Watch these Columns. Bright Fall News
will soon mark their appearance here.
We guarantee every suit made by the Belasco & Harris Co.. first-class
Tailors of San Francisco. No deposit required.
The Noble Red Man Today.
"Yes," said the portly and conse
quential gentleman in the observation
car, "these plains were once roamed
over by savage red men. The Indian
in those days was a famous hunter.
When he was not on the trail of the
bear or the buffalo 'he was on the
scent of the white man."
"He is on the cent of the white man
yet," said the dapper little tourist with
green goggles. ■'.'•
The portly one smiled indulgently.
"How do you make that?" he asked.
"I don't. It was made at the mint."
And the observation car grinned appre
ciatively.—Kansas City Journal.
Proof of 'Woman's Amiability.
One tiling stands as a sure proof that
woman is an amiable creature, easily
pleased nnd satisfied with her lot. And
that is that when she buys a dress
ready made she rejoices because it is
much better and cheaper than fussing
to hnve it made." And when 6he has
it made herself she wonders why peo
ple ever get things ready made when
one can have clothes made "Just as one
wants them and cheaper!"— Philade
lphia Bulletin.
TTnder Cross Examination.
Counsel— Your age, signorina? Young
Lady (bashfully)-Oh. I hardly like to
tell you. Counsel— Yet I must insist on
knowing it. Pray tell me how old you
wero ten years ago. Young Lady
(cheerfully) — Oh, twenty-three! — Fan-
The Proper Term.
Cholly Gayboy— l heah you weniark
ed that no girl would be wise to mar
ry Gussle Whitless or me because we
were too fastidious. MJss Sharpe— You
haven't got It quite right I said you
were "two fast idiots."— Philadelphia
Ledger.
Young Plants
Every farmer knows that
some plants grow better than
others. Soil may be the same
and seed may seem the same
but some plants are weak and
And that's the way with
children. They are like young
plants. Same food, same home,
same care but some grow big
and strong while others stay
small and weak.
Scott's Emulsion offers an
easy way out of the difficulty.
Child weakness often means
starvation, not because of lack
of food, but because the food
does not feed.
Scott's Emulsion really feeds
vnd gives the child growing
strength.
Whatever the cause of weak-
ness and failure to grow —
Scott's Emulsion seems to find
it and set the matter right.
Send for free sample.
Scott & Bowne, Chemists, 409 Pearl St., New York
.soc. and $1.00 ; all druggists.
UNION HOUSE
I I Jackson,
• Amador Co.
Meals to Order at all Hours
RECULAR ME.ALS 28 CTS-
Board and Lodging by the Day,
Week or Month.
Frank Simcich - - 4eW - ♦ Prop
SAVED BY A GYPSY.
An Incident of the Anstro-Prnsslan
War of 1866.
An Incident of the Austro-Prusslan
war of 1866 was told as follows by the
Archduke Joseph: "On our retreat be
fore the advance of the Prussian
army," said the archduke, "we camped
In the neighborhood of a Bohemian
town. I was lodged In a peasant's cot
tage when about midnight I heard the
sentry challenging some newcomer.
My adjutant entered and reported that
a gypsy wanted to see me In private.
A soldier (a gypsy) entered, and on my
asking what was the matter he told me
that the enemy was approaching tt
surprise us.
.. '"The outposts have not heard any
thing suspicious,' I said. 'No, youi
highness, because the enemy is still a
long way off.' 'But how do you know
this?' I asked. 'Come to the window,
your highness,' answered the man. 'Dc
you see those birds flying over the
wood' toward the south?' 'Yes, I set
them. What, then?' 'What, then? Dc
not birds sleep as well as men? They
certainly would not fly about if they
were not disturbed. The enemy U
marching through the wood and hai
frightened all those birds.'
"'Very well, my lad. You can go. 1
I at once ordered the outposts to be re
enforced and the camp to be alarmed.
An hour later the outposts were fight
ing with the enemy, and our camp was
only saved by the keen observation of
a simple gypsy."
AT BUENA VISTA.
The Only Preparations General Tay-
lor Made For Defeat.
Santa Anna was the greatest military
leader the Mexicans have ever known.
Santn Anna with 25,000 veterans went
to the battle of Buena Yltstn with the
avowed purpose of exterminating the
entire army of the United States, and
there was no doubt in the mind of
Santa Anna that this great feat could
be accomplished with comparative
ease. General Taylor, with his O.OOC
men, prepared for the unequal contest,
and not only defended himself success
fully, but won a substantial victory
from, his aggressive antagonists and
drove them . from the battlefield ol
Buena Vista. .
Some time after the battle was fought
and the Mexican war concluded Gen
eral Taylor was criticised for having
made no preparations for the retreat
of his army In the event of defeat.
General Taylor promptly replied: "I
made every preparation necessary foi
the battle of Buena Vista. I wrote my
will, f.nd so did nearly every man in
my army. If we had not won that
battle, we would have needed no lines
of retreat. It was, from our stand
point, victory or annihilation. The only
preparation necessary for the contin
gency of defeat at Buena Vista woe
that we should write our wills."
Cloths Fof Presents In Japan.
Of one singularly attractive and dec
orative detail of Japanese daily-life lit
tle is known in this country. Yet It
touches all clHsses, from nobles to
coolies— the use of present cloths.
These are squares of all sorts of mate
rials, from twenty inches to two yards
acrosß. They are used to tie up the
gifts which are exchanged on all possi
ble occasions. After the presentation of
the gift the cloth is removed and re
turned to the giver by a servant. These
cloths are handed down from genera
tion to generation, and among them are
found some of the finest specimens ot
the old embroidery and dyeing. Many
of the square pieces of Japanese em
broidery used in this country for pillow
and table covers were originally used
as coverings for presents. — House Beau
tiful.
With Respect to Fish Stories.
Harry— Fish diet Is said to be good
for the brain. Harriet— That ; may be
to, but going to catch flsh seems to be
awful hard on the morals.— Cincinnati
Commercial Tribune.
The masses procure tbelr opinions
ready made la the open market—Cot
tar '.:■-'. .. .
Five Cents Per Copy.
A Legal Pazcler.
Curious comments by a judge, even
in the presence of the prisoner, though
extremely rare, are not unprecedented.
Mr. Justice Maule once addressed a '
phenomenon of innocence in a smock
frock In the following words: "Prisoner
at the bar, your counsel thinks you In
nocent; the counsel for the prosecution
thinks you innocent; I think you Inno
cent. But a jury of your own country
men, in the exercise of such common
sense as they possess, which does not
seem to be much, have found you
euilty, and it remains that I shall pass
upon you the sentence of the law.
That sentence is that you be kept In
imprisonment for one day, and as that
day was yesterday you may. now go
about your business."
The unfortunate rustic, rather scared,
went about his business, but thought
law was. an uncommonly puzzling busi
ness.—London Tit-Bits. •
The Yankee as Europe Knows Him.
"I was greatly amused," said a mar
chant who has lately made a Tlslt
abroad, "to notice how the term Yankee
widens in application as one gets far
ther away from the habitat of the real
thing.
"I met a very intelligent hotel keeper
at Berne, In Switzerland, and In the
course of conversation he remarked
that he had an extremely agreeable
countryman of mine staying at his
house the previous season.
" 'As you are both Yankees, you may
by chance know him,' he said.
" 'Where does he live?' I asked.
" 'In Buenos Ayres,' replied the hotel
keeper."— New York Press.
Explaining It.
"His great contention is that all men
are born equal."
"That's all right."
"But he seems to think he's better
than most men."
"Well, he means all men are born
equal, but some are equal to a hundred
others."— Philadelphia Press.
A Last Reson.
Little Boy— l want you te write me
an excuse for being late to school yes
terday. Jeweler— Eh? You are not my
son. Little Boy— X-o, but mamma say»
I had plenty of time to get to school,
bo I guess the clock you sold her
doesn't go right.
A mother's love starts a man or woman
on the right path. The riirht remedy at
the right time fits a mother for the ordeal.
Motherhood is often looked forward to
with feelings of great dread by most wom-
en. At such a time when she is nervous,
dyspeptic, irritable and in need of a uterine
tonic — something- which will calm the nerv-
ous system through the special organs, and
a strength bnilder, she will find Dt. Pierces
Favorite Prescription just what is needed.
Here isa medicine that has stood the test
of a third of a century with approval, in
that time it has sold more largely than any
other remedy put up specially for woman's
weaknesses. It is guaranteed by the pro-
prietors not to contain a particle of alcohol
—which could only do harm to a sensitive
system.
; The World's Dispensary Medical Associa-
tion, of Buffalo, N. V., proprietors of Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription, offer, a $501
reward for women who cannot be cured of
leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolausnsr
or Falling of Womb. All they ask is k fair
and reasonable trial of their means of cure
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure con,
itipaHon, biliousness aud headachy -THE AMADOR LEDGER
Published Fridays by
Amador County Publishing Co.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One year (In advance $2 50
One year (if not in advance) 3 00
Kixmontlis 1 25
Three months 75
One or more copies, each ■...•..: 10
Legal advertising— per sqr.-ist insertion. SI 00
Subsequent Insertions— per square-each. . 50
•GN2KRED AT THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS
SECOND-CLASS MATTER.
TITTC PAPER is kept on file at E.G.
lniO rArEK DAKES Advertising
Ageucy, 124 Sanspme St , San Francisco, Cali
fornia, where contracts for advertising can be
made for it. ": _ •_ --.-• ■>.
R. WEBB - - - - Editor and Manager
FRIDAY. . .... .SEPTEMBBR 2, 1904
Ledger Soil of Honor.
Tbe following sums have been received as
subscription to tbe Ledger since tbe last
report. Tbis acknowledgment is equal to a
receipt for the respective amounts. If an; per
sons have paid during the past month whose
names do not appear in the list published here
with they will please notify this office so that
the matter may be corrected: "'..
Mrs E Thomas....* 250 D Vincenzi $ 250
Mrs R N Whiting 0 &■ Geo "nwitt 100
Mrs B Ross 2 50 C T i'b»u 2 50
RBallentine 125 P '^ichling 2SO
WCHoss 250 J II Hattersley.. 250
J Ehlers 250 Mrs S D Harvey 5 00
DFitzsimmons... 2 50 J B Dille 500
WmHynds 230 A J Sargent .... 500
DAPerkins 025 L, Spinetti 2 50
Eva R Reed 2 50 J D Macfarlane 2 50
CTBartlett 5 00 J Trevaskis . . . . 2 50
S Bonneauv. 250 Geo Weller 2 50
Mrs L Fredericks 200 C Schields 2 50
FA Morrow 2 50 W Scoble 2 00
Wmßlakeley 250 NE Wheeler... 550
GeoFelmeth 250 HD Emerson... 500
Geo P Murphy .... 0 65 John Andrews . . 2 50
JD Brown 150 J McFadden.'... 200
Mra.BFTavlor... 2 75 J Winter 200
JCStewart 250 PVMaggiora.. 125
ALudekens 2 50 M Oliver 7 50
F W Rubser 250 Alvah Laughery SUO
FHDuden 2 50 D B Spagnoli ... 2SO
FM Petty 100 Oneida B'g H'se 3 50
LMMcKenzie.... 500 WC Johns : 250
MrsSßose. .._ 250 PNPeck 250
JH Williams 250 MrsSSMuzzey 350
CO'Neil 2 50 FMPense 0 75
JPlccardo 175 WFKeeney.... 250
REPUBLICAN ASCENDANCY AND
PROSPERITY.
Our democratic exchanges are
trying, to reason themselves into the
belief that tbe remarkable prosperity
the country has enjoyed under re
publican rule is due to other causes
than the republican policy of pro
tection. They want the people to
believe that their plan of carrying
on the government on a tariff for
revenue basis is not destructive to
public interests. True, they have
to admit with reluctance the fact
that under democratic control busi
ness interests throughout the coun
try have become depressed,, while
under republican sway business im
proved. They try to get around
these facts by saying that the hard
times under Cleveland commenced
during theclosing year of the pre
ceding republican administration.
If that were true, it affords no ex
planation that is encouraging from
a democratic standpoint. Coming
events cast their shadows before.
When Cleveland was elected the
prosperity of the country under the
Harrison administration was arrest
ed. Business men at once started
to set their houses in order for the
coming chauge. The same spirit of
precaution that leads tbe captain to
prepare for tbe oncoming storm, in
duced the captains of industry also
to provide for the fiscal change that
democratic control was pledged to
bring about. According to demo
cratic pretensions a fatalism seems
to hedge about that party. They
have always managed to get into
power when the tide of prosperity
had passed the flood mark, and had
commenced to ebb. It was a case
of ill-luck, all the more remarkable
in that the ebbing tide remained
with them during the whole term of
their ascendancy. On the other
hand, the return wave of prosperity
immediately started as soon as the
republican party was restored to
power. A few figures will not be
amiss to show the effect of the two
policies. Telegraphic messages are
an infallible index of the condition of
a country. In prosperity they in
crease in numbers; in adversity the
business men aud others curtail this
costly method of communication as
much as possible. In the year end
ing June 30, 1833, the number of
telegraphic messages was 76 mill
ions. In 1894, uuder the democratic
administration, the number fell to
(J9 millions, and made little headway
under Cleveland's term, the average
per year being about 70 millions.
In 1902 the number reached 89 mill
ions. Deposits in United States
banks averaged four and a half
billion dollars in the four years of
democracy, while in 1902 they were
9J billion dollars — more than double
the average of the preceding term.
In 1892 the value ot farm animals
as reported by the department of
agriculture was $2,461,000,000; in
1897 the value was placed at $1,655,
000,000; iv 1901 these animals were
estimated by the department to be
worth $3,000,000,000. In this" rise
and fall in values, incident to change
of party administration, there is
food for serious thought.
The same trend is stamped upon
every department of trade. The re
publican years were years of plenty;
the democratic years were years of
famine and shrinkage. About the
only thing that flourished in demo
cratic times was the insolvency busi
ness. In 1892 the failures iv the
United States amounted to $114,
000,000; in 1893, the first year of
democratic rule, the liabilities of
bankrupts were $346,000,000: while
in 1901, when the country had again
settled down to republican suprem
acy, the amount was $113,000,000.
I v 1893, when Cleveland was in
augurated the second time, the wool
crop was 364,000,000 pounds; in
1894 it was. 328,000,000, and in 1895
264,000,000 pounds, involving a loss
in two years of $60,000,000 to the
sheep-owners.
TAKE YOUR CHOICE.
(From The New York Press.)
The syndicate which is backing
Jucfge Parker to beat Mr. Roosevelt,
because the presideut has refused to
do what the trusts have demanded,
and has insisted upon doing what
the American people have demanded,
is "playing both ends against the
middle" in its • newspaper denuncia
tion of the candidate of the repub
lican party, as the following extracts
from two supporters of Judge Par
ker show:
From the New York From the New
World. July 30, York Sun, July
1904. 30. 1904.
Shall the action of As for Mr.
the president in rid- Roosevelt he has
ding himself of the placed himself
one successful trust frankly, fearless
prosecutor in order ly and unequivo
to placate the corpo- cally against the
rations — in making constitution in
his former private gross and detail,
secretary and head He is not for the
of the department right of a man to
of commerce a cam- sell bis labor to
paign fund solicitor whom ho will for
from the very cor- such price as he is
porations he was willing to accept
appointed J,o_ "dili- He is against free
gently investigate" dom of contract,
—in appointing a He is on the side
railroad corpora- of the men who
tion official secre- are every day
tary of the navy, seeking to over
and a political agent throw the consti
of the- : Southern tution and who
Pacific Railway to entertain for it
the head of the de- nothing but de
partment to super- rision and hatred,
vise and curb cor- He has joined
porations (all to aid their organiza
his own campaign) tions, espoused
shall this "surrend- their creed, re
er. of the Rough ceived their lead-
Rider" be approved ers at his dwell
by the people? Shall ing and in his of
the rule of corrupt ficial residence;
corporations in pol- and as president
itics and their con- of the United
trolling influence in States has wel
government be fur- corned their dele
t.her enlarged and gates when they
confirmed by con- came to demand
tinuing in power a of him that he in
party closely allied terfere in thegov
with them by the ernmentof a sov
granting of special ereign state in be
privileges in tbe half of men who
tariff, by the elec- were in open re
tion of corporation bellion and out
agents to congress la wry against that
and to state offices, state. , ~ There is
and through the no concealment or
reconstruction of shuffling or evas
the cabinet to meet ion about Mr.
their views? Roosevelt. He,
the student of the
constitution and
of the laws that
are founded on it
does this thing at
this time, not be
cause he is law
less or because he
would like to see
the constitution
destroyed and
- ' with it vanish our
liberties, but be
cause he wants to
, get votes so that
he will be elected
president and
take the oath of
allegiance to the
constitution of the
United States.
Esopus is now the democratic
Mecca. After November 8 the name
will probably be changed to Exodus.
Democrats are making great
claims of changing the majority in
the house, but the same issues that
will give Mr. Rocsevelt a majority
at the polls will give him a congress
that will carry out republican poli
cies without hamper.
It would be a decided innovation
for this nation" to reward a political
party for its ability to walk back
wards.
The only democrats who are not
predicting that Illinois will go demo
cratic this year are those who live
in the stale »nd know what they are
talking about.
If there is any credit to be given
for the adoption of the gold stand
ard it should go to the party that
bore the heat and brunt of the bat
tle for honest money rather than the
party which fought the issue for
eight years and now admits its' mis
take, solely from motives of political
expediency.
From 148 to 92 Founds.
One of the most remarkable cases of
a cold, deep seated on the lungs, caus
ing pneumonia, is that of "Mrs. Gert
rude E. Fenner, Marion, Ind., who was
entirely cured by the use of One Min
ute Cough Cure. She says: The cough
ing and straining so weakened me that
I ran down in weight from 148 to 92
pounds. I tried a number of remedies
to no avail until I used One Minute
Cough Cure. Four bottles of this
wonderful remedy cured me entirely of
the cough, strengthened my lungs and
restored me to my normal weight,
health and strength." Sold by City
Pharmacy.
Folitical Notes.
It is now definitely understood that
John Strohm is to be an independent
candidate for supervisor in township
one. He .was an aspirant for the nom
ination, on the democratic ticket; fail
ing to receive the honor, he has been
prevailed upon to run independent,
with the backing of the miners' union.
The same remark will apply to the
candidacy of H. D. Calvin in township
four. He wanted to run as a demo
cratic candidate. He failed to show up
enough votes to capture the prize at
the democratic show-down, 60 he ap
peals to the voters for redress. It is
reported that J. Pengilly is also a
candidate, on an independent basis.
The people of township four cannot
complain of a lack of variety. Morris
Brinn is the only tried man before tbe
voters. He has made an official record
as supervisor; on that record he has
been renominated by his party; and on
that record he confidently looks for
support at the polls.
Monday next being labor day. and a
public holiday, the regular meeting of
the board of supervisors will be held on
Tuesday, September 6.
THE AMADOR LEDGEJR; JACKSOX, CALIFORNIA, FBIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1904.
MISCELLANEOUS.
WealT
Hearts
Are due to indigestion. Ninety-nine cf every
one hundred people who have heart trouble
can remember when it was simple indiges-
tion. It is a scientific fact that all cases of
heart disease, not organic, are not only
traceable to, but are the direct result of indi-
gestion. All food taken into the stomach
which fails of perfect digestion ferments and
swells the stomach, puffing it up against the
heart. This interferes with the action of
the heart, and in the course of time that
delicate but vital organ, becomes diseased.
Mr. D. Kauble. of Nevada. 0., says: 1 had stomach
trouble and was In a bad state as I had heart trouble
with it. I took Kodol Dyspepsia Cure for about four
months and It cured me,
Kodol Digests What You Eat
and relieves the stomach of all nervous
strain and the heart of all pressure, .
Bottles only. $ 1 .00 Size holding 2Vi times the trial
size, which sells for SOe,
Prepared by E. O. DeWITT &CO., CHICAGO.
Kerr's Pharmacy, Jackson.
Those Three Inquests.
Editor Amador Ledger:— ln your
article in last week's Ledger entitled
"Three Inquests, " you say, -l We can
find nothing to show that where sev
eral persons lose their lives in the same
accident, inquests to the number of
victims must be held and a distinct and
separate report filed in each case." I
do not think there is any law to
authorize such a proceeding. In fact,
with respect to the accident at. the
Argonaut mine, but one inquest was
held and one verdict rendered. The
accident referred to is not the first of
tbe kind that has happened in this
county" within llio last few years.
On the first day of January, 189",
two men were killed at the Gover mine
by a similar accident. On tbe same
day I, as county coroner, held an io
quesl upon the bodies, and reported
the case as one inquest. It never oc
curred to me that it was necessary to
report two inquests.
On the 25th day of August, 1897, I
held an inquest on the bodies of three
persons who were burned to death at
the Wieland mine in this county. A
jury was summoned, and after viewing
the bodies and bearing the testimony
adduced, they rendered a verdict
as follows:
"We find that the name of one of the
deceased was Mrs. S. F. Craighead,
and of the others the name of one was
Alvin Herbold, and of the other John
Walter Herbold ;' that Mrs. S. P.
Craighead was a native of Missouri,
aged about 49 years; that the said
Alvin Herbold and the said John
Walter Herbold were natives of the
state of Novada, the said Alvin Her
bold being 8 years old at tbe time of
his death, and the said John Walter
Herbold 6 years old at the time of his
death ; that they all came to their death
on the 24th"day of August, 1897, and
that their deaths were caused by burn
ing, they having been accidentally
burned to death in the boarding house
at the Wieland mine."
I reported the case as one iuquest, as
in fact it was, and charged the usual
fee for one inquest only.
The members of the board of super
visors are intelligent men, and I do not
see how they can allow fees for three
inquests on account of the accident at
the Argonaut mine, when but one was
required or held.
M. B. Church,
Ex-County Coroner.
CASTOR I A
Tor Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^JT SIS/?-*-^"
Signature of L6a&Z7<&Jc4UAt
One Splendid second-hand buggy,
one upholstered cart, and one set of
single harness. Prices very reasonable.
For particulars inquire of C. D. Smith,
Ainador City, or at the Ledger office.
Fresh pickled olives of the season
just received; 65c per gallon. Nettles'
Market.
POLITICAL CARDS.
S. W. BRIBHT
Regular Republican Nominee for
Supervisor, Township 1.
Election Tuesday, November 8, 19OJ.
M, NEWMAN.
Regular Democratic Nominee for
Supervisor, Township 1.
Election ..Tuesday, November 8 1901.
MORRIS BR-INN
Regular Republican Nominee for
Supervisor, Township 4.
Election Tuesday, November Bth, 19tM.
CHARLES LYONS )
THK LONDON TAILOR
Tbe Largest Tailoring Firm on the Pacific Coast
■ STABLISHID IS T«AH»
Suits to Order from - $17.50
Trousers to Order from 5.00
Samples and Self Measurement Forms
free by mail.
Suits delivered with privilege of exam-
ination and with a positive guarantee of
satisfaction.
721 Market St. 122 Kearny St.
SAN FRANCISCO
•••••••••••••••••••••••••A
:A. Malatesta :
i BAKERY •
• SUTTER CREEK, CAL. •
• BEST FAMILY GROCERIES J
• French and American Bread, Pies, •
• Cakes, Cookies, etc. /. •
• Wagon visits Jackson on Tuesday, *
m Thursday and Saturday of each week. 2
• sep3 o
• ••00*<tt99wt»99999?999953*
Nothing in It.
The San Franc'sco Chronicle of Mon
day last contained an article, evideutly
written by a reporter in the city, giv
ing an account, of an anarchist being
run out of Jackson by indignant citi
zens. The individual thus treated
Colorado fashion is said to bean Italian,
who was actively engaged in spreading
the tenet* of anarchy among the for
eign boru population of this town. Tbe
publication of »uch an article caau as a
surprise party to the law abiding peo
ple of Jackson. It was the first inti
mation that anything of the kind had
taken place here. The truth is, the
Chronicle in this matter has been made
the victim of the worst kind of a fake
story. There is no truth whatever in
the deportation yarn. The only part
of t he story that is t ruo is that within
the past three mouths two persons ar
rested for felony — one for mayhem and
the other for assault with a deadly
weapon — were turned over to the fed
eral authorities for deportation under
United Statoa laws which forbid the
immigration of foreigners of tbe crim
inal class, or persons imbued .with an
archistic doctrines. They were taken
from this county by peace officers," and
in accordance with judicial authority;
There is no apprehension here con
cerning the teachings of anarchy, and
not the least fear that this gospel of
ruin will attain strength that any -re
pressive measures such as deportation
will be resorted to or countenanced. .
O jA. STO XI. X A. ■
Bear« th« Kind Yon Have Always Bought
BLUE LAKES AND VICINITY.
Blue Lakes, August 27.
A merry camping party consisting of
W. Tatn and son, V. Rocco, P. Valvo,
U. Spagnoli and E. Marcucci, arrived
here from Tahoe a few days ago. After
spending a few days in Charity valley
fishing and hunting, they are . now
ca inning at Blue Lakes. They inform
ed us that they had a most pleasant,
time at beautiful Tahoe. They were
camped at Bijou, along'with fifty other
pleasure seekers, and used to dance
every, evening. /
U. Spagnoli has a novel and original
way of fishing. He wades right up
stream, regardless of shoes and stock-
Ings.
Mrs. Ham rick and daughter, and
Mr. .Eldridge spent the day at the
lakes Thursday.
Al Mattley had a narrow escape from
being killed by a fractious colt. He
was leading the colt to the barn when
it came at him like an angry dog,
knocking him down and pawing him*
Luckily he wa3 not hurt. .
Start an Herb Garden
Fortunes in GINSENG, GOLDEN SEAL and
SENEGA, all valuable medical plants. Easily
grown and hardy throughout the U. S. Always
a ready market and demand Increasing. Room
in your garden to grow thousands of dollars'
worth. We sell roots and seed. Plant in fall.
Kooklet and magazine telling all about It io
Write today. OZARK GINSENG CO.
Dep't W , Joplin, Mo.
Fell Down the Shaft.
William Mobley, son of Rev. D. A.
Mobley, formerly principal of^ the
Stockton high school. was killed in the
Gwin mine last Saturday morning-, by
falliDg down the shaft. The Stockton
Independent has this to say of the
accident:
The particular cause of the accident
will perhaps never be known. All that
is known is that with five other men he
was being lowered to the 2000-foot level,
and when about 200 feet down he fell
from the "go devil" to the bottom. The
space in that part of the elevator is just
beneath what in miners' phrase is called
the skip. It is so limited that the six
men who were being lowered had to
stand back to back. . For this reason
his five companions could not see what
happened previous to his fall. They
heard his lunch -basket fall and felt him
sink to the floor of the compartment,
and also felt his body strike the wall-
plates just before it fell over the side.
As the men dared not make any
hasty movement, lest they might share
bis fate in vain efforts to save him.
they were compelled to stand still and
witness what could be seen and heard
without moving. It is conjectured
that he fainted or that some part of his
clothing caught in the mine-timbers,
but even the other men soem not to
know what happened previous to his
sinking to the floor as if unconscious.
When .the bottom of the shaft was
reached, the lifeless form of the young
man was found with apparently "every
bone broken.
Will Mobley was extensively known
in Stockton, where he had grown from
childhood to be a stalwart young
athlete. He was only 21 years old, of
exemplary habits, industrious, and did
not hesitate to engage in the hardest
of toil. While living In Stockton he
was for some months a drivor of one of
the State Bakery wacons. The acci-
dent by which he was killed was the
third in which he was involved in the
same mine, and in one of which his
younger brother and he had a narrow
escape from death by the breaking of
some part of the hoisting apparatus.
The body was taken to Woodbridge,
where the funeral ceremonies were con-
ducted Suuday afternoon.
It pays to travel miles to trade at
Potter's Plymouth.
MARRIED. .'.
ZIEHN— LAMB— In Jackson. August 28, 1004.
by Rev. Wm. Tuson, M. R. Ziehn to Delia M
Lamb, both of lone.
D I 1 f\S '" ' Hl tln can ''" prevented.
11l HI It CUTTER'S BLACK LEG VACCINE,
1 1 1 11 1 II California's favorite, the most suc-
l/l HI II cessful, easiest used and lowest
"■ ■ ' |I ■ priced reliable vaccine made.
m 11 _. Powder, stringorphl form. Write
I ■ W B^ for free Black Leg Booklet.
I LI. TUG CUTTER LABORATORY
l*f Iff San Francisco
l^ BL H m If your druggist does not stock our
•SttaH^^ vaccines, order direct from us.
Notice for Publication of Time Ap-
pointed for Proving Will. etc.
In the Superior Court of the County of Amador
State of California.
In the matter of the estate of Antonio Matu
lich, deceased.
PURSUANT TO AN ORDER OF SAID
Superior Court, made on the 30th day of
August, 1004, notice Is hereby given, that SAT-
URDAY, the 17th day of SEPTEMBER, 1004
at 10 o'clock a. m. of said day, at the Court
Room of said Court, in the town of Jackson
County of Amador, has been appointed as the
time and place for proving tbe will of said
Antonio Matulich, deceased, and for hearing
the application ot George J. Matulich for the
issuance to him of letters of administration
with will annexed, when and where any person
interested may appear and contest tbe same
Dated August ajth. 19UJ.
C. L. CULBERT, Clerk.
By J. It. Huberty, Deputy Clerk.
C. P. Victnt, Attorney for Petitioner. sep9
MISCELLANEOUS. '
Ayzrs
You know the medicine that
makes pure, rich blood—
Ayer's Sarsaparilla. Your
mother, grandmother, all your
folks, used it. They trusted
Sarsaparilla
it. Their doctors trusted it.
Your doctor trusts it. Then
trust it yourself. There is
health and strength in it.
■• I tnffered terribly from Indigestion »na
thin blood. I found no relief until I took
Ayer'i Sariap&rilla. Four bottles perma-
nentlj cured me."
Miss. r. R. Bart, Sit. Klsco, N.T..
f 1.00 a boltle. 3. c. AT«R CO.,
mmmmStmimmmmm fftr IjOweU. Mais.
Richßloodl
Ayer's Pills are gently laxative.
They greatly aid trie Saraaparllla.
SUPERIOR COURT.
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
Wieczny vs. Thomas Bbyson
of motion to dismiss action
continued until Sept. 17. .'.'... . . ...
■ Estate and. guardianship of Cleveland
Jones—Ordered that in addition to the
6um of $150 heretofore ordered, to be
paid for the maintenance.of said minor,
that the guardian, H. S. Tallon, pay
to Mrs. N. T. Littletield thesumofs2s.
Estate of O!.;- W; Trotter—lnven
tory and appraisement filed, estate
appraised at $9000.- .. J*••'.'■
Estate of John Jelletich — Teresa
Jelletich applies for letters of adminis
tration. September 17 appointed for
hearing. The petition sets forth that
deceased died on the 31st of March,
1900, leaving real property consisting
of an undivided interest in the Jelletich
or Cuneo ranch in sees 24 and 25 t 6 r
11, valued at $600, and personal prop
erty valued at $25. He left a wife,
petitioner for letters, also 5 children,
the oldest 10 years of' age. A. Catni
net.ti, attorney.
How's Thisi
-
We offer One Hundred Dollars Re
ward for any case of Catarrh that can
not be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.
F. J. Cheney & Co.. '
Toledo, O.
• We. the undersigned, have known
F. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, and
believe him perfectly honorable in all
business transactions and financially
able to carry out any obligations made
by their firm.
• West & Teuax,
Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.
WALDING, KINNAN & MARVIN,
. Wholesale Druggist, Toledo, O.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken intern
ally, acting dirctly upon the blood and
mucous surface of the system. Testi
monials sent free. Price 75c. per
bottle. Sold'by all druggists.
Hall's Family Pills are the best. .-'...
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
. .I-The following Instruments have been filed
for record in the recorder's office since our last
report. We publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to accede to
any request to suppress any document from
these columns. Don"t ask us to do so.]
DEEDS.
D. H. Whitlatch to lone and Eastern
R. R. Co.— Right of way; $10.
Mary Ives Crocker to D. B. Pardoe
and wife— 3l3 acres 31-5-10; $10.
D. L. Wilson to Albert Mattley and
David Mattley— l62 acres 30 and 31-6
11, deed of trust; $1350.
Fred Werner to Geo. M. Waehter-^
Lot 1 block 2, Amador City; $10.
CD. Smith to Geo. Arnerich— Part
of lot 4 block 1, Amador City; $575. "
William Kerr to Mrs. Irene Kerr—
One third intorest lot 1 block 1, part of
lot 25 block 3, lot 29 block 1, Amador
City; $10.
Irene Kerr to Bartolomeo Corotto—
Lot 1 block 1, with livery stable there
on; $1500. v ■■■:■;■■
William Sobev to Alex Eudey — Lot
12 block 2, Jackson; $10.
Alex Eudey to Elizabeth Eudey—
Lot 12 block 2, Jackson; $10.
James McMahon to E. A. Leigh —
Land adjoining Zeila mine, Jackson;
$10.
'■ SATISFACTION OF MORTGAGE.
D. Mattley to D. L. Wilson—Satis
faction of trust deed.
MORTGAGES.
Ada M. Wickes to Julius Chichizola
—156 acres, $1542.72, one year, 6 per
cent.
Daniel P. Murphy and wife to Ernest
Fischer— so acres 35-6-11, $400, 9 per
AGREEMENTS. '
Elizabeth Eudey et al with W,- E.
Stewart — Agreement to sell the Brown
quartz mine and mill site and the
Crown Point mine and Crown Point
Consolidated mill site, purchase to be
completed on or before Oct. 18, 1904.
lone and Eastern Railroad Company
with Atlas Contract and Supply Com
pany—Contract to construct a single
track standard gauge line of railroad
from S. P, railroad at lone to Martell's
station, about 12 miles, to be in oper
ation on or before January 1, 1905.
Stefano Oneto to Lucot & Ford-
Lease of blacksmith shop 10 year's from
Sept. 1901, $15 per month. '
PROOF OF LABOR.
W. E. Stewart et al, on Kentuck and
Dandy quartz mines, Jackson district.
MISCELLANEOUS.
• R. W. Ketcham — Discharge from the
U. S. army, Company G, 3d Reg. 111.
Cavalry, October 10, 1865, recorded.
The Stomach is the Han.
A week stomach weakens the man,
because it cannot transform the food ho
eats into nourishment. Health and
strength cannot be restored to any sick
man or weak woman without first re
storing health and strength to the
stomach. A weak stomach cannot di
gest enough food to feed the tissues and
revive the tired and run down limbs
and organs of the body. Kodol Dys
pepsia Cure digests, what you eat,
cleanses and strengthens the glands
and membranes of the stomach, and
cures indigestion, dyspepsia and all
stomach troubles. Sold by City
Pharmacy.
Hotel For Sale.
Tbe Adams House, Plymouth, Ama
dor county. A large and commodious
buildjng with 20 bedrooms, parlor,
waiting room, kitchen, dining room,
sample room, and the nicest barroom
in Amador county. Hotel and bar now
doing a good business. ' Large lot.
Property must be seen to bo appreci
ated. Owners desire to retire from
business the only reason for wanting to
sell. For particulars call on or address
Mrs. Ella Adams, Plymouth, Cal. 7-tf
II A: J. SHOW ■;•» SUTTER CREEK]!
2• \ "^ •/ le *' :e '- iest ' all d why? Because l^v\ • J S
{fe /• \fj N (f^"" 33 -^ the y are direct from the FACTORIES, Wiußl^r^-^iJ^iL C* S
§ M j* • and every pair is made of first quality ■ -J X?
5 C3C22[^ ""^l^ wholesaie profits aD d give it to. the consumer. Therefore we 5|
S -^-^fezst do the shoe business of the county. Our goods are always fresh S
\, and new. We have no old, shelf-worn stock. We guarantee all our goods. "S
|] SHOW'S CASH STORE, SUTTER CREEK 1 1
Special Small Ads^y;
Advertisements under this head, not exceed-
lng-5 lines, will be Inserted at 50c per month, or
5 cents per line for less than one month. .
HOUSE AND LOT FOR SALE:— House of
.six large rooms, bath, pantry, clothes
closet; woodshed, chicken house and barn;
and large lot, for sale cheap, or would lease it
on reasonable terms. Electric lights all
through house. Situated on Broadway, Jack-
son. Apply to
auspMtf WM. C. JOHNS, Jackson.
T7IOR SALE — Three 40-acre farms. 1 mile
X? from post office. Plenty of wood and water
Terms reasonable. Inquire at Ledger office.
IjlOR SALE- A 35 aero gravel mine; a tun-
. nel proposition. Thorough inspection de-
sired. Price reasonable. Inquire Ledger office
IT^OR SALE— IBO acres Of land within 5 miles
j of Sutter Creek. Good spring; between
two and three thousand good mining timbers,
beside 600 cords of-fourfoot wood on place.
Price 1750. Inquire at the Ledger office.
MOUNTAIN RANCH FOR SALE:-A tract
of 60 acres, situated one mile above Aque-
duct, with a six-room house thereon; also a
small barn; 'JO acres cleared and fenced; quan-
tity of timber on the property. The place will
be sold at a bargain. For particulars apply to
the Ledger office my22-tf
A LL kinds of Blanks for U. S. Land Filings—
**■ Homestead, Timber and Mineral blanks-
may be had at the Ledger ofiice; also deeds
mortgages, mining locations, proof of labor
and other legal blanks kept for sale
RECEIPT BOOKS for rent or 'general pur-
poses, in books of 50 or 100 each, for sale at
the Ledger office. Specially printed for . for
dor county. Ssc per 100 receipts, 15eAn> a 50
TV/fINE SIGNALS, printed on cloth, and in
■ Ly - L conformity with the provisions of the Cali-
fornia law, for sale at the Ledger office.
LAW BY MAIL — Legal opipions Riven on
any subject. One Dollah Our Only Fee.
Write us the facts in your case and we will
mail you the best legal advice Correspondence
contJdential. References furnished and only
the best attorneys employed. Save this for
future reference. Send lI. UO money order when
writing. FIDELITY LAW BUREAU.
ap29 Chronicle Building, San Francisco.
No Hunting Allowed.
■\rOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
JL^I hunting and shooting on the ranch of the
undersigned, near Lancha Plana, is strictly,
prohibited, All persons found trespassing or
hunting will be dealt with according to law.
Keep ott the premises and save trouble. • .
j: moore,
August 17, 1904. Lancba Plana, Cal.
TO MEN^^-
If you are suffering, and will send us a des-
cription of your case stating age. occupation,
and the cauSe (if known) of your trouble we
will mail to you, absolutely FREE, in plain
package, one week's treatment of our MAN-
HOOD CONES^especially prepared. This is a
straightforward offer; no C. O. D. or other
deceptive proposition. Life's energy is in the
CONE. THE SATISFACTION COMPANY,
3(15 Kearny St., San Francisco. augl9-tf
Notice of Assessment.
CONSOLIDATED WIDE-AWAKE MINING AND
MILLING COMPANY.
Location of principal place or business, Jack-
son, Amador county, California.
Location of works, Railroad Flat Mining Dis-
trict, Calaveras county, California.
IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
J3| a regular meeting of the Board of Direct-
ors, held on the sth day of August, A. D. 1904, an
assessment of one cent (lc) per share was lev-
ied upon tbe subscribed capital stock of the
corporation, payable immediately in United
States coin, to the secretary ot the said Com-
pany, at his office in the Marelia Building on
Summit street, in Jackson, Amador county,
California. •
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 12th day of September,
1904, will be declared delinquent, and adver-
tised for sale at public auction, and unless pay-
ment is made before, will be sold on Monday,
the 3rd day of October, 1901, to pay the delin-
quent assessment, together with the cost of
advertising and expenses of sale.
By order of the Board of Directors.
JAS. JAY WRIGHT, Secretary.
Office in the Marelia Building, on Summit
street, Jackson. Amador county, California.
Board of Education Meeting.
To Whom it Mat Concern:—
There will be a regular meeting of the
Board of Education of Amador county, Satur-
day, August 37th, 1904, in the office of the Sup-
erintendent of Common Schools at Jackson.
The regular annual teachers examination
will commence upon Monday, August 29, 1904.
All meetings will open at 9 o'clock a. m. ...
Respectfully,
jly29 -SUPT. GEO. A. GORDON.
—ESTABLISHED 1864—
Monuments
.....and Copings
Of any size and style, furnished
promptly and at
REDUCED RATES
The Polishing Plant is now operated
by Electricity.
Call on or addreaa DAVID GRIFFITH
Penryn Granite Works, Penryn, Cal.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
j Jackson Marble Works :
• A. J. Franatovich Jr., Prop'r. •
• Works on Church Street, near •
J Cemetery. •
p Tombstones. Monuments and all kinds Z
I of Stone Cutting and Sculpture done. •
I Will furnish marble and granite of J
I best quality, imported or native. •
I Cement or granite coping and all cem- J
I etery work at lowest rates. •
> Satisfaction guaranteed both in work- S
I mansblp and price. Give me a trial. . J
I may27-tf •
••#•#••«••#•••##•§••••••••
UP— TO— DATE BUSINESS HOUSES, ETC.
•**■ ClC3,r il£elCL is sought by '"
• every leader of business or social
affairs, and a
sweet breath adds to the
satisfaction of intimate acquaint-
ance ;to own a ' < V;
fine complexion none
will despise; yet only a clean
stomach secures clear head, sweet
breath and fine complexion
for every day; and a
;' ' clean stomach is secured by using
"SWEET SAGRADOS " — nature's
laxative tablets— pleasant to take,
perfect -in action ; every dose
leads to a cure. Put np only in
one style and one package, 24
\ doses 25 cents.
6WEBT SAOKADO9 COM T ANY
HEW YOJtK— SAN FRANCISCO
gtT" Sweet Sagrados— Sold by
City Pharmacy. Willis H. Boydston, Prop.
1 General Merchandise |
H Groceries, Furnishing Goods, ' Shoes, M
II S§SS Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining H?
H ff\ Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, gf
*§| ; Grain, etc., etc. |||
% Corner Main and Water St. ft
I JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA 1
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••a
• * McCALL T T r>l • • 1 2
I Baa, Patter,, L J. GlaVlllOVlCll I
5 LEADING GROCERY STORE j
• ?^^ Groceries, Dry Goods, •
JoJ o Furnishing Goods, Boots, % •
5 a Shoes, Toilet Articles, •
• c % Hardware, Miners' Sup- •
• 1 plies, Hay, Grain, Etc. •
• _ . : »
S Cor. Main & Court Streets g
: TA'r^nv : I pat McCALL 5
. OJ^KjMX&KJJX, -.^ - \^JLlj. Bazaar Patterns*
in' nib «Tr™;; R «i«E
"^ ( Successor to A. H. Reichling ) "*'
Bought by Pacific Refinery & Assay Office- Returns
made same
407-409 MONTGOMERY BTBEET
! Specific < Puone Busn *" > day as re-
1 Near California, Ban Francisco. . „
; ceipt of
'firavitv Tocf Bullion, Gold Dust, Quartz, Specimens, . ,
; L»ravit> lest platinum, and ail kinds oi^Goid consignment
and Silver bought.
I It Costs Money to Make Steam g
ID iVicDearrnon & Cos. Asbestos Goods. jm
wn Such as Boiler \(- Pipe Coverinys, Maguegia Coverings, Fire-Proof- x^ j
e?3 ing Materials, Cold Storage Insulation, Brine <f- Ammonia Cvc- |§5
Wj] erings, Packings it GasJcets, Kiyslone Building A- Deadening Felts. 133
H^ CATALOGUE, ESTIMATES & SAMPLES ON APPLICATION.
|H Garbarini Bros., Agents • • Jackson,- Cal. MLOCAL NEWS
OF THE WEEK
Short Items of Interest to the Led
ger's Many Readers.
Men's clothing sale on Saturday at
Potter's is now the bargain store of
Plymouth.
PIONEER Flour always has been
md stilTis toe best. ■ .
I Judge* Rust left for San Francisco
ast Sunday for a vacation.
Lemons, oranges, and bananas con
stantly on hand at Nettles' Mkt.
A fine assortment of caskets at
Potter's-tbe Plymouth undertaker.
Pioneer Flour is the "Lily of the
Vsliev.- 9 .'. the "Pearl of Perfection."
C. M. Kellev left Monday morning
tor Sacramento, to visit the 6tate fair.
If you want a good harness at reason
able prices call at A. Basso's, Jackson.
J. F. Wilson, P-ntist. Hours 9a. in.
.0 sp. pa: Phone Main 404. Jackson,
3al.
New fall goods have been arriving
he past week direct from the eastern
aetoiies for Redlick's Jackson store.
J. Glukfeld, manager of the Red
I'ront, "was in the city a few days dur
n£r the past week, buying bis fall goods.
A. Badaiaeco has been held for ex
unination on a charge of assault with
lead I y weapon, with bonds fixed at
12000. ~2
W. J. Curnow carried a policy of
iIOOO in the New England Mutual,
rhich will be a great, help to the
Carlo Bolto, a native of Italy, and
lohn Lade, a native of Austria, de
;lared their intention to become citizens
in the 24th ult.
The picnic grounds will bo trodden
>n Monday, Sept. sth, by more shoes
rom Redlick's than any other two
stores in the county.
If you are going fishing or hunting
md are afraid of Poison Oak. take a
lose of Dr. Mason's Poison Oak Cure,
tis a perfect preventative. I, \
Mrs. / Adolpta Araya and children,
lay and Etta, left Monday for Soulsby
'ille, Tuolumne county, where her
msband is employed in the mines.
Thomas Jones, formerly of Sutter
2reek, but now employed as book
ceeper for Gladding Mcßean & Co. of
Jan Frtwicisco, was calling on old
t-iends in Jackson Sunday.
Clarence Lagomarsino, while attend
ng to collecting fares at Solaris merry
[•o-round on the Hamilton tract last
Saturday; fell and was severely injured,
le has been unable to attend to his
*ork S ln». :
Mrs. Slmcich of the Union House
rill have charge of the eating depart
aent at the labor day picnic of the
ainers' unions in Fullen's grove on
September 5. A chicken dinner will be
erved from 11 in the morning until the
lose of the festivities. aug 26- td
Editor Rust moved his household
:oods to lone last Saturday. His
imily will make their home in the
alley town, so as to enable the younger
hildren to attend the high school,
'ho editor has secured quarters for
imself in the Mace building on Main
treet, and wili keep house for himself
or a while,
Nothing will please an invalid as well
,s a package of those fancy cakes from
Jetties' Mkt..'. ■
C. H. .McKenney was renuminated
without opposition for assemblyman of
lie eleventh assembly district by the
epublicau district convention in Santa
Jruz. It was a foregone conclusion
hat be would '■ be the nominee. The
ounty central committee of Calaveras
>assed a resolution recommending him
or renomination, and forthwith pro
euiled to select the delegates from
hat county who would be charged
rith the duty of doing the nominating.
The democrats have not selected a
andidato. The reason for postponing
hig duty is not clear. H. A. Messenger
>f the Gwin mine had been spoken of
is the probable candidate. W. Dower
>f Angels Camp, an attorney, has been
nentioned, but it is reported declined
BLbe honor. Whether he can be per-
Hniadod to make the run remains to be
I The Singer runs, the Singer sews,
H)y simply pressing with the toes. By
nay I work, at night I sleep, because
H.he Singer is so cheap. Wonderly, Agt.
I A farewell party was given to W. S.
Hvilliams and wife on Tuesday evening
Haetin the M. E. church. Fully 100
Hrienda gathered to testify the appreci
ation felt for Mr. and Mrs. Williams in
lahis •■ommunity. Mr. Williams has
Kjjeen principal of Jackson school for
Hhe past six years. He is now about to
Haove with his family to lone, where
Hiis services have been secured as prin
felipal of the public school of that town.
Hvt the farewell party the Rev. Dr.
Hi' helps wade an address, regretting the
Hoss to the people here of Mr. Williams
kind family, and bidding them success
Ho their new sphere of usefulness. Mr.
felVilliams responded in a fitting man-
Hier. Coffee and cake were served dur
l«djj the evening, and all present thor-
Hvughljr enjoyed the few hours spent
j There were three funerals in Jackson
Hast Friday, the interments being all in
Hhe Catholic cemetery. Rocco Cami-
EjieUi was buried in the morning, the
Huneral being largely attended. The
gleceased being one of the early pioneers
B»f this section, a large number of those
HLho bad known him in early days, as
■veil as citizens generally, followed his
■Bemains to the grave. In the after
paeon two of the victims of the Argo-
accident, A, Scatena and M.
Iflfcuinn, were laid to rest, The mem
giers of Jackson Miners' Union No. 115,
EHv. F. M., turned out in full force to
IHiay the last tribute of respect to the
EHLnfortunate men who had been so sud
fßenly called from earth. The funeral
jd»f the other victim, W. J. Curnow,
Miraß held on Saturday. Services were
Hbeld In the M. K. church, and the
iftody was lowered to its final rest in the
H>rotestftot graveyard.
Tbß Fatal Accident at the Argonaut.
The fatal accident at the Argonaut
last week, causing the instant death of
three men by a premature explosion,
has naturally created some nervous
ness among some of the employes in
sinking operations. The depression
resulting from such a disaster will re
quire some time to remove. It is now
pretty well settled that the accident
was not due to any defect in the fuse.
The miners who are daily using the
same fuse, and prefer it to all other
brands on the market, do not accept
the theory of a defective fuse. An ex
amination of the shaft bottom after the
debris of the fatal explosions was
cleared away, revealed a' condition of
affairs that throws some light on the
matter. All the holes on that side of
'the shaft where M. Quinn and W.
Jewell were -working were exploded.
On the other side, where W. J. Curnow
and A. Scatena had worked, only one
hole exploded 1 . That was the hole
which they had had difficulty in load
ing, and which they had to resort to
the blow-pipe to clean out. By this
explosion a small portion of that side
had been blown out, and it is supposed
that the holes had mostly, if not all,
been primed and lighted, but that the
fuses of the unexploded holes had
been blown out by the premature blast.
The generally accepted explanation of
the accident is either that this fuse
had been accidentally lighted, or that
in cleaning the hole the powder had
been scattered around the mouth of
the hole, and the hole had afterwards
been insufficiently tamped or closed;
that the lighted fuse communicated to
the dry powder, which formed a train
to the cartridge, and thereby exploded
the bole almost as soon as it was lighted .
Tho fuse has been found so uniform and
reliable by experimentation before anil
since the late catastrophe that it is re
garded as improbable that a fuse eight
feet long should be so utterly lacking
in the ordinary characteristics of a
primer as to cause the explosion.
No Harm Done.
A disputed point in electric science
was accidentally settled by the Stand
ard Electric Company this week. It
has been contended by the knowing
ones that in the event of two heavy
currents of electricity meeting, an ex
plosion would result; firework on a
large scale, with destructive effects,
would inevitably ensue By an acci
dent to the pipe line at Electra the cur
rent from that plant to the bay cities
was shut off. The Bay Counties plant
at Colgate was called upou to supply
the power to tide over the interim.
While the electric current was being
supplied from this source the Electra
plant was put in effective shape and
the current turned on, so that the
wires at the point of junction were
charged with a powerful voltage from
both plants. There was no explosion,
no fuss or trouble whatever. The two
currents blended and united as peace
fully as two streams of water, and one
of the delusions of electricians has
thereby been dispelled. Thecombiued
currents was estimated at 55,000 volts.
This experience has attracted much
attention from experts in electric
science.
Had Never Seen Her Father U Fifty
Tears
Mrs. Magoon, from Montville, Waldo
county, Maine, is visiting her aunt,
Mrs. S. W. Bright, In Jackson, accom
panied by her married daughter, Mrs.
Maguire. Mrs. Magoon is a daughter
of Lambert Littlefield, formerly of
Atnador county, but now living at
Clements, in San Joacjuin county. The
principal object of hor visit frptn the
Atlantic to the Pacific coast was to
see her aged father, wbo is now 82
years old. Mrs. Magpqn was born in
1852, and had never seen her father
until she met him on this visit to Cali- <
forma on July -15 of this year. Her
father emigrated to California before
she was born, and when Mrs. Little
field joined her husband the subject of
this sketch, then an infant of %\ years,
was left in charge of her grandparents
in Maine, by whom she was raised to
womanhood. She was one of twin
daughters, but her sister passed away
in infancy. Mrs.. Magoon visited her
brother, Frank Littlefield, in Oakland
during her present visit, whom she
had never seen before.
One Imprisoned, the other Discharged.
Th.c bearing pf J. Torta, who was
arrested on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon upon Cbas. Dickerman
at Amador City a couple of weeks ago,
was held before Justice Rose in Sutter
Creek last Saturday. The evidence
tended to show that defendant acted
in pelf-defense, and bad reasonable
grounds to rear an assault. The judge
concluded that there was not sufficient
evidence to justify holding him for
trial, and he was discharged. Cbas,
Dickerman, who was charged with
assault upon Torta, committed some
time ago, pleaded guilty tp simple as
sault, and was sentenced to 75 days ip
the county jail, without any alternative
of fine. So ended this case which has
created much discussion in labor circles
throughout the county. Dickerman
was a picket for the Amador union at
the Fremont mine. He had made him
self obnoxious to Torta by his zeal in
the union cause, and the assault to
which he pleaded guilty was on this
account. Tqrta was pn the eye qf
leaving the county, owing to the an
noyance to which he was subject. On
the roadway that evening Dickerman
rude up to him, and stopped to dis
mount, when Torta, in fear of bodily
harm, fired twice, shot did
much barm; indeed, it is not certain
whether either shot tpok effect. Torta
admitted shooting at Dickerman twice,
but the circumstances were held tp
exonerate him from prpsecutipn.
Card of Thanks.
I hereby tender ray heartfelt thanks
to the people of Jackson for their un
exampled kindness to me and mine jn
this, the time of my greatest sorrow,
and I shall never cease to be ttjankful
for the generosity showu the stranger
within their gates.
MRS- Hate O,uii*£,
THE AMADOR LEDGER; JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1&04.
EL REY'S DEFEAT
SAN ANDREAS
Large Crowd Witnesses the Jackson-
San' Andreas Baseball Game.
Sunday's game was an interesting
one to the average spectator, but how
it appeared to the professional player
we are cot prepared to say. The visit
ing team started in to win, and during
the first part of the game kept every
one guessing as to what the final result
would be, and even after defeat stared
them in the face they proved them
selves to be true gamesters, remaining
good-natured at all times, standing
their defeat like men, and not criticis
ing and slurring the umpire as is too
often the case. Manager Sanguinetti
of the El Beys, did the manly act by
calling all the boys In several times to
cool their dusty throats with ice water,
etc., so that they could the more lustily
cheer their comrades on to victory.
The grand stand was filled with a jolly
crowd of spectators, that loudly ap
plauded good plays made by either sidu.
There was not a kicker in either team,
and the umpire's decisions were heeded
without a murmur. The following is
the score: ' ■
V el. rey. .
AB R BH PO A E
Poggi, r. f 5 1 2 0 0 0
Grtllo.lstb 5 1 1 13 1 0
Merkel, e.f 5 1 0 1 0 0
Cavagnaro. c 5 3 : 2 7 2 1
Perano, r. f 5 v 0 v 0 0
J.Tbomas.Sdb 5 I (I 2 2 2
YV. Fortner. s. a 4 3 I I 3 1
Santirfo, 3rd b 5 1 0 1 1 U
Arditto, p..'. i 2 2 2 11 1
T0ta15 ......: 43 13 S » iv 5
' SAN ANDREAS.
AB R BH PO A X
J. La Riviere, c. f .... S 12 (I 0 0
Casey, 3d b. ........... 5 0 0 3 10
Hamby,2ndb 5 3 2 13 3
Bromson, r. f 5 I 2 0 0 0
O'Connell, Ist b 5 0 ! 12 2 I
E. La Riviere, s. s 4 0 1 1 « 3
Reddiek, p... ..*. 4 (I (I (I S 0
Stewart, p I 0 0 0 I 1
Dasso.c 4 (» (I IS (I (I
Steel, 1. 1 '. 4 1 0 I (I 0
Totals ......'. 42 6 8 2* 18 8
" RUNS BY INNINGS. -
EL. REV 0 3 10 2 3 4 0 *_13
ANGKLB 2 0 2 0 0 1 0 1 o—6
SUMMARY
Two-base-hlts — Bromson. Cavagnuro, Former,
Poggl. Three-base-hit — Grillo. Home run —
Cavagnaro. Base on balls — Oil Arditto A, Red
dick 3. Stewart 1. Wild pith— Arditto I. Struck
out— By Arditto », Reddiek 6, Stewart 1. Pass
ed balls— Cavagnaro 1. Hit by pitisber— Steele,
Thomas, Santirfo. Cavagnaro (2). Left on
bases— Jackson 6, San Andreas 10 Double
plays— E. La Riviere to O'Connell ; Thomas to
Grillo. Time of game— 2 hours 10 minutes.
Umpire— Si Nagie. Scorer— S. N Spagnoll.
NOTES FOR THE "FANS."
Dasso and Reddiek were the battery
for the San Andreas team Sunday;
Cavagnaro and Arditto for the El Revs.
lone vs. Plymouth on the latter's
grounds played au interesting game
Sunday.
O'Connell of San Andreas made a
pretty one-hand catch and got his man.
Santirfo caught a pretty foul fly.
"Sockey" is too short in the reach
to hit an out curve,
Bring your kodaks and get a picture
of Cavagnaro on the run if you want
Grillo sent a three-bagger Into right
field and landed three men safe on home
plate.
Pete Casslnelli enjoyed the game.
He is a baseball enthusiast when hie
Bide is ahead. <%*'%>
Cassella, the catcher, Tarn, the tield
er, and Giannini, the sbort-stpp, were
interested spectators.
Cavagnaro made the only home run.
It was the most gracoful run of his life,
Merkel clung to the only center field
fly like a "nigger" to grim death.
Question — Is a player wbo strikes at
and is struck by the first ball that
passes after going to the bat out?
Si Nargi, who umpired Sunday's
game, evened things up for both sides
and gave eptjr« satisfaction.
Some of those pretty suits gut pretty
well dusted by sliding in on bases.
Grillo played Ist base for the El Rey a.
13 tp 6 is somewhat discouraging,
but the San Andreas boys were game
to the last.
Davis brothers were the battery for
the Plymouth boys in Sunday's game
at Plymouth. They did splendid work.
Baseball at ?Jym»n^.
Manager Job Datson, of Plymouth,
reports a very interesting game between
the home team and the lone boys on
t/he Plymouth diamond Sunday. At
the end of the game the score stood
13 to 12 in favor of the home team.
Miller of lone struck out 1 1 men, and
Davis of Plymouth, IT men. At the
end of the fourth inning the game was
10 to lin favor of lone, but later on
the Plymouth bqys ggt in fprm, and
brought the visitors to a standstill. In
the evening the lone boys left singing,
but not "In the good old summer
time." No arrests were made. Follow
ing was the line-up:
lone. Plymouth.
Burris 2d b Western
Tujlatt s. s Pritohard
Waddell :..... o. f. r,mieUel3
Chisholm r. f Bo
Balmer 1 f Cruson
Miller p Davis
Sutherland Ist b Arditto
Gasper ad b Boro
Zimmerman c R Davis
NOTES.
, Double plays was a feature of the
Plymouth game.
Zimmerman caught a good game.
Nick Arditto was in great form Sun
day,
Manager Datson wore his broadest
smile after the fourth inning.
Pritchard is a "daisy" as short-stop.
Miller made them drop the bat
rapidly for several innings.
Weston on 3rd was admired by all
the ladfes.
Big Work at Electra.
The Standard Electric Company has
started improvements on a large scale
at Electra. About 100 men are at work
cutting a trench in whiclj tqlay anqther
pipe line from the head tq the. pqwer
plant. This means the putting in of
additional motors, equal in capacity tp
all those nqw jn use. \Ve are informed
that the djtcbes are tp be enlarged,
apd many iinprqveinents a}l along ~tije
line. The work will give employment
to a large crew for several months,
Ip Curp A Cold Is One Dfy
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tab
lets. All druggists refund the ropney
if it fa»a tp cpre. E. W- Qrpve's tjig
pature Is qn e»«b b.Q«. ?ss.
ADDITIONAL LOCALS.
Horse-shoeing $1.50 at Costa's.
Give us dally some eood bread. Pio
neer b'lour makes the best.
Why doesn't Wonderly come, we
waot a Singer right away.
AU orders given prompt attention at
Potter's cash store, Plymouth.
When you wish the finest flavored
coffees and teas, remember that W. J.
Nettle keeps only the best:
Good mines of all kinds wanted. In
quiring parties. S. C. Trayner, 4 Sut
ter St., San Francisco, Cal.
Dr. Wilson has returned from his
vacation at Santa Cruz, and resumed
his dental practice in the Weil building.
The Ladies' Guild will givo a garden
party in Wallace Kay's lawn Friday
evening. All are cordially invited to
attend .
St. Augustine's church— Divine ser
vice with holy communion Sunday
next, 11 a. m Sunday school every
Sunday at 10 a. m.
Mr. Roberts and family, who lately
arrived from England, moved into one
of the Dwyer dwelling houses on Court
street early this week, just vacated by
E. C. Rust.
Olives, salami, swiss. limburger
Martin's cream and California cheese
Rev. Dr. McCrary, presiding elder of
this district, is expected in Jackson
this evening. He will officiate at the
opening services of the new M. E.
church in Pioneer district next Sunday.
Everything cheap for cash at H. E.
Potter's, Plymouth.
W. H. Willis left for San Francisco
Tuesday. He has given up his law
oflu-o in Jackson, and expects to go
into business in San Francisco. v He
will probably retaiu his position as
court reporter for Amador and Cala
veras counties for a while, . coining up
whenever there is any business in his
line before the court.
The traction engine with two heavily
laden trucks, passed through- Jackson
for the first time last Tuesday at noon.
It was thought that some trouble would
be experienced in making the double
turn at the junction of Main street and
Broadway street. A large crowd
gathered at that point to witness the
operation. There was not the least
trouble; in fact the cumbersome engine,
weighing 17 tons, made the turn much
easier than an eight or ten mule team
could accomplish the task. The Broad
way bridge was so thoroughly braced
and propped for the heavy traffic that
not a vibration was noticeable whea
the enormous loads passed over it.
The advent of the traction outfit will
materially aid in the delivery of sup
plies to the Zuila mine.
Mr. Clark, employed by the Paraffine
Paint Cpmpany of San Francisco, ar
rived in Jackson Thursday night. He
is here to do the roofing contract on
the Odd Fellows hall building, also J.
H. Langhorst's store, and a roof on
the Webb ball building. These roofs
will be made of the standard grade of
P. & B. ready-made roofing, manu
factured by the Paraffine Paint Com
pany. They are the first of the kind
put on in Jackson, and this material re
places tin. It has been found by ex
perience that tjn will not withstand the
expansiqn aqd contraction incident to
the climate of this region. The ready
made roofing is warranted for five
years.
Some anxiety was felt early this week
on account of S. J. Pierce, proprietor
of the Amador City hotol. After clos
ing up about 12 o'clock Saturday night,
he left Amador City, and nothing was
heard from him for several days. His
wife became anxlqus, and notified the
officers. Upon inquiry it was ascer
tained that he came over to Jackson
Saturday night, and from hero went to
Stockton and Sacramento. There is
little doubt that he simply went away
on a vacation, to visit the state fair
during the interval, and will reappear
at his place of business in due time.
VOLCANO ITEMS.
A new telephone line is being put in
between this place and Oleta. All par
ties living along the line are having
phones put in.
The large gqld nugget found In the
big flume by superintendent Eckart
has kept the knowing ones guessing as
to where it came from. Perhaps it
will be the means of more prospecting
in the flat during the coming winter.
School has been clqsod for three
weeks, or until the weather moderates.
Four of S. Bonneau's children are
now quite ill of typhoid.
Supervisor Grillo is still in Stockton
undergoing medical treatment. He
expects to return in time for the Sep
tember meeting of the board.
James Sgntlrfp has secured a position
at the South Eureka, and moved his
family to Sutter Creek.
Volcano lost one of her best citizens
last week when Willis Boydston left us
to become a resident of Jacjcson. He
is an enterprising yqu.ng m* n > and will
pp doubt be qno of Jackson's intiuential
men in a short time.
Jack Giannini nqw has one qf the
neatest barher shflps Jq th,e cqunty.
His outfit is up-to-date in every re
spect, and as Jack is a general favorite
we expect to hear of him doing a rush
ing business.
Marsino & Sons have finished cutting
their winter supply of libbers, and, are
ppw taking out gravol for the spring
clean-up.
Lessley and Fredrickson started
their 9-stamp mill last week, and will
no doubt continue to run steadily dur
ing the fall and winter.
T-he Native Daughters gqve a social
dance Saturday evening, which proved
a great success both socially and linan T
plally. Many of the young mep frpiq
Eji^ter Preek and flefepder were, pres :
eiit, and, thejr presepce was greatly ap
preciated b,y the ladies in charge of the
afjfair. S, C Pjbbler.
Ledger and Ch,icagq Weekly }uter T
Ocean, bqtb papers one year fqr $2 50
{n adyaqco.
The San Andreas aqd Jackson base:
ball teatas w||| tja^tje for supremacy
Mqnday,
THE RAILROAD
TO JACKSON
Contract Signed and Work Commen
l ced Thereon.
"The agreement between the lone and
Eastern Railroad Company and the
Atlas Contract and Supply Company
for the construction of the 12 miles of
road between lone and MarteU's sta
tion was filed on the 30th of August.
It is dated August 22, 1904, and its
provisions are as follows:
That the said party of the first part
hereby lets to and contracts with the
said • party of second part, and the
party of second part hereby accepts
»nd contracts with the party of first
part as follows, to wit: - ■
Ist To construct in accordance with
plans, profiles and specifications pre
pared by . E. C. Feusier, and adopt
ed by the board of directors of the
said part of the first part, and filed
with this contract in the office of the
county, recorder of Amador county,
California, a single track standard
gaug-e line of railroad, to be four feet
8J inches between the rails, and of a
surface of 12 feet in width from a point
near the station of the Southern Pacific
railroad at the town of lone, Amador
county, California, to a point known as
Martell's station in said county of Ama
dor, a distance of about 12 miles, and
to complete said railroad construction
and the. said railroad to be in operation
on or before the first day of January,
1905, said railroad line to be constructed
and equipped complete as follows:
- Tne party of second part shall sup
ply all materials and labor, and con
struct a subgrade For a standard gauge
railroad to be 4 feet 8J inches between
rails, and of a surface 12 feet in width;
shall clear all brush, trees, and stubble
for a space of 50 feet in width along the
line of said railroad; shall supply all
material and construct all necessary
bridges, trestles, culverts, cattle guards
and fences; shall supply and lay ties of
fir, pine or redwood, 6 inches by 8
inches by B feet each; shall supply and
lay steel rails of not less than 45 lbs.
weight to the linear yard, with all nec
essary fittings, frogs, switches, signals,
turn-outs, and shall bond said rails for
the use of electric power; shall con
struct at or near Martell's station an
electric substation and transformers to
step-down 800 horsepower, from 60,000
or 40,000 volts to 2000 or 4000 volts
from line of American River Electric
Company, and shall construct along
said line of railroad necessary poles,
overhead wires, insulators and appli
ances and brackets to electrify said
railroad, and shall equip said raUroad
with one Sbay 37 ton steam, locomotive,
one 20U H. P. electric engine, 2 electric
motor cars, 2 trailer cars, 5 gondola
and 5 flat freight cars, 1 section hand
car, and such other necessary mis
cellaneous equipment and construction
not exceeding $5000 In cost, as shall be
called for in the specifications and esti
mates hereinbefors referred to.
2d In payment for said construc
tion, services and equipment, said cor
poration party of first part shall and
will deliver to said party of second part
the sum of $306,000, gold coin of the
U. S., at the times and in the manner
following: 25 por cent, 0r 576,500, when
4 miles of said track shall be completed ;
25 per cent whon Smiles of said track
shall be completed; 25 por cent when
the construction and equipment of said
road and track shall be finally com
pleted. A final payment of 25 per cent
or $76,500, thirty-five days after said
final completion and acce.ptaqce af said
contract and equipment by the party
of the first part. But it U further
understood and agreed that all plans
and specifications and partial and final
acceptance of all construction and
equipment herein called for shall be
prepared, made, and passed upon by
E. C. Feusier, C. E., and A. M. Hunt,
C. E., on behalf of both parties.
3d It is further mutually agreed by
the parties hereto that the party of the
second part shall not cause nor allow
any mechanic, material, man or other
lien to be placed upon said property of
the party of the first part, but shall
truly and faithfqlly discharge all debts
and pay all obligations entered into in
the performance of this contract.
4th It is further mutually agreed
by and between the parties hereto that
whereas the said party of the first part
contemplates the further construction
of branch railroads frqin, the sa\d sq
called MarteU's station to the towns of
Jackson and Sutter Creek in said Ama
dor county, that the construction
thereof shall be deferred until after the
completion of the construction and
equipment of the said railroad frqtn,
lone to station as h.erein pro
vided.
sth It is further mutually under
stood and agreed that this agreement
shall be tiled for record in the office
of the county recorder of Atn,a,dqroqun
ty, Cal., tqgether with, the ra.ap. and
specificatiqus herein called fqr, and
work under this cqntract shall com
mence immediately after said tiling.
6,th Jt is fqrth,er mutually under
ijtaqd and agreed, th,at said party of
the second part may sublet or sub
contract any portion or all of said work
or services to be performed at his
option.
lone & Eastern Railroad,
By Jacjksqn fjennis, P-res.
Attest— H. Morris, Secy.
Atlas Contract & Supply Co.,
By Edward Record, Pres.
Attest— Wilford Dennis, Secy.
A map showing the rqute of the rail
coad was filed w\th, th.c. contract, also
j,he specifications of the contract. Ac
cording tq map on file, the line wllj
cross the lone wagon roa.d, five times;
tbrea times between Jone a.nd Moun
tain Springs, a.n,d twice east of Moun
tain Springs. The depot will be located
qn the nqrth side of rq^d at Martell's
station,. The rights of way have been
mostly secured as far as Martell's.
For the contemplated extension to
Jackson and Sutter Creek, nothing has
yet been done in th^e way of recording
rights, pf way.
Exact change given at Potters cash
store, Plymouth.
Are You Etgistered.
An examination of the new great
register shows that there were 806
names thereon the 'commencement of
this week. There are, perhaps, ss
many more who have made affidavit,
and who are practically registered,
although their names have not as yet
been entered in the book. This would
give about 1600 voters registered. As
over 2800 votes were cast at the elec
tion of 1902, and over 3000 voters en
rolled, the startling conclusion is reach
ed that nearly one half of the citizens
entitled to vote have so far failed to
register. Registration will close Sep
tember 28, less than one month more.
Wo want to impress upon republicans
the urgency of attending to this duty
at once. There is a deputy clerk in
each town, who is authorized to reg
ister voters. For the information of
all concerned we will give the names of
the registration clerks in tho various
localities: lone, J. Surface; Lancha
Plana, C. F. Kiser; Forest Home, R.
F. Allen; Dry town, Geo. Jennings;
Plymouth, F. H. Thorns; Oleta, Jos.
Pigeon: Pine Grove.'W. B. Pitts; Vol
cano, P. Jonas; Sutter Creek, J. Lith
gow; Amador City, F. Phipps; Jack
son, at the clerk's otticn. Any person
whose name appears on the old great
register can get on the new register by
simply making affidavit before either
one of these deputies, or at the clerk's
office.
Bad Indeed.
Losing flesh is indeed a bad sign.
Take Scott's Emulsion for it. For
weak digestion, for defective nourish
ment, for consumption, take Scott's
Emulsion. It restores flesh because it
strikes to the cause of the loss.
Lame horses never limp after Costa
shoes them.
4Vk *^" J J J mw . SB? IBf ■ fB? XXi3 v UJ. MJr li V 111 v BBJ
J Usefulness of this Jk%OMUKKJS Powers Widen, ■
5 • Store Increases <3»M"g< p rices m Loffer ■
{ ....Introductory Fall Suit Sale.... I
0 We are using this advance shipment of fall cloth- -^ q
H ing as an advertisement for our clothing department.
BJ The suits are so good, so full of style and Tightness, H
2 that they are bound to attract attention. We have gvsfi^ /sv^« n
Q fixed the selling price much below what the goods $^W^s\kjlhs§A ®
3 merit. Made it low enough to tempt men to buy a frß^jj
5 LABQM BA V PISHIB •
8 These are all wool cheviots, and hard finished via jrl ia\ H
• worfcteds; lined with silk serge; interlined with hair *• '• *»schba U rn a co jßM 0
a cloth so that the coat will retain its shape. ®[_ S
5- — —l
5 iATOBIiAY^ in®® SAM §
a If you are going to the picnic Labor Day this special shoe sale for Saturday, a
BJ Sept. 2d, is just .got up for your special benefit. g
• Walk-Over Shoes for The Bilt Well Shoes Calva Shoes for La- •
■ Men_^ dies> Qnly jj 2 .00 5
■■- Admittedly the best shoe The name fits the .shoe, t v- p Ovfrir/Ic ■
5 made; price in Jackson Price all over the world LclUic;s rilld UXiOmb
Bas in New York - $3.50 is the same -- - $2.50 "■:";/ • " $1;85 ■
•_ ; •
©©$H©E«B©B*H*H©n©HeH@E©H©ElOia©HOHGH©ES®Ga<*©
Applicants for Teachers' Certificates.
The board of education of Amador
county met in Jackson on Monday last
to conduct the examination of appli
cants for teachers' certificates. Not
withstanding that the hqard inoel* for
this purpose qqly once a year, instead
Qf semi-annually as formerly, there is
a noticeable falling off in the number
of applicants. This week only nine
persons presented themselves for ex
amination. Two were {rom, the West
ern Sohqol of Commerce, Stockton; 4
from the Stqckton Business College,
and Pigeon Creek, Aetna, and Charles
ton school districts furnished one each.
The examination will be concluded the
latter part qf this. week..
Ton Know What You Are Taking
When you take Grove's Tasteless
Chill Tonic because the formula is
plainly printed on every bottle showing
that it is simply Iran and Quinine in a
tasteless form. No Cure, No Par. 50c
Weissbein Brothers & Co.
ASSAY OFFICE AND GOLD REFINERY .
616 SACRAMENTO ST., nkah Montgomery. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
PURCHASERS OF GOLD DUST AND BULLION
BASE BULLION AND CYANIDE PRECIPITATE A SPECIALTY
ORES AND CONCENTRATES TESTED BY ANY PROCESS
To Cure a Cold in One Day S^.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. £ (%£ j» ™*v
Seven Million boies soM In past 12 months. This Signature, DOX. 25C.
MIKING NOTES.
Bio Nugget.— ln the Ekart gravel
claim at Volcano a few days ago, there
was picked up a nugget weighing 33
ounces. But for a break in one of the
sluice boxes this fine specimen would
have been swept out in the tailings. It
dropped between two sluices. It is a
mixture of quartz and gold, and is said
to be worth about $300. It is the big
gest lump of gold that has been re
covered by placer mining in Amador
county for a long time.
Argonaut.— Sinking at the Argo
naut will be prosecuted for some
months yet. It is contemplated to
sink to a depth of over 2500 feet. The
shaft is now nearly 2400 feet. Several
thousands of tons of ore has been ac
cumulated on the dumps. It is not in
tended to start the mill until the sink
ing operations are completed and levels
opened.
Fremont.— The mill is running to
its full capacity, and over 100 men ■ are
employed in mine and mill. Every
thing is running smoothly about the
works. The non-union' crew is giving
satisfaction in every respect. The
strike may be said to be settled as far
as the company is concerned, and we
notice that "The Strike Still On"
placards, which were posted up two
weeks ago, are not much in evidence
at present.
Dr. C. A. Herrick received a notice
yesterday that he had been reappoint
ed a member of the state board of den
tal examiners, for the full term of four
years, from September 1, 1904. He
was previously appointed to fill an un
expired term, which term has just
expired. He has been president of the
board since his appointment, and has
tilled the position with credit to all
concerned. ;-V
Presidential Electors.
At the republican convention at
Santa Cruz the following gentlemen
were named as presidential electors for
the ensuing campaign, viz: U. S.
Grant, San Diego; W.S. Wood, San
Francisco; E. M. Sweeney, Shasta;
Chas. M. Hammond, Lake; F. M.
Smith, Oakland; W. J. Dingee, San
Francisco! Geo. H. Piphy, San Fran
cisco; M. B. Harris, Fresno; C. J.
Walker, Los Angeles; Richard Mel
rose, Orange,
OASTOHIA.
Be»n the Tlw Kind YoB Haw Always Bought
of t-Aaf/IzT&cJCiU
It pays to get your horse shod right
at Costa's.
You will save dollars on a $20 bill, by
tradiug at Potter's, Plymouth.
Ledger and Weekly Chicago Inter-
Ocean $2.50 a year.
Died of Typhoid Fever-
The sad news reached Jackson
Thursday evening that Mrs. Staples,
wife of Dr. F. N. Staples of Amador
City, died Wednesday evening, after a
short illness of typhoid fever. She had
been dangerously ill with that disease
for several weeks. She was greatly
liked by all who were acquainted with
her, and her untimely death is deeply
regretted by the entire community.
A Power For Good-
The pills that aro potent in in their
action and pleasant' in effect are De-
Witt's, Little Early Risers. W. S.
PhUpot, of Albany, Ga. says: During
a bilious attack I took one. Small as
it was it did me more good than calo
mel, blue mass or any other pill I ever
took and at the same time the effect
was pleasant. Little Early Risers are
certainly an ideal pill." Sold by City
Pharmacy.
We, make a specialty of printing all
kinds of notes, receipts, checks etc.
Send your orders to the Ledger office. ■
What's in a Name?
Everything is in the name when it
comes to Witch Hazel Satve. E. C.
DoWitt & Co. of Chicago, discovered
some yeaas ago how to make a salvo
from Witch Hazel that Is a specific for
Piles. For blind, bleeding, itching and
protruding Piles, eczema, cuts, burns,
bruises and all skin diseases, DeWitt's
Salve has no equal This has given rise
to numerous worthless counterfeits.
Ask for DeWitt's— the genuine. Sold
by City Pharmacy.
A BROKEN HEART.
About a year bad passed away .
And yet it seemed but yesterday,
That they had stood up side by side.
And she became his happy bride.
He was a model husband true, '
So very kind and loving too.
That life was full o( bliss and joy—
The purest gold without alloy.
Alas', how sad when such must part.
And leave behind a broken heart;
Two tender helpless babies there
That need a mother's loving cart-
Then lend a hand or offer aid.
With loving kindcess, ne'er delayed,
To broken hearted friends in need
Of sympathetic help in deed.
Tom O. Myeb. Jackson, Cal.
Costa never nails on a shoe until it
fits the foot.
Flour $1.25 per sack, best coal oil
$1.40 per 5 gallon can, and other things
In proportion at Pot'er's.
Costa shoes just right. The old
stand.!31CAST0Rlft
y^j^^Mgy a For Infants and Children.
IE ASTORIA P he X' nt l You Have
jyaagißaiisi l Always Bought.
ANfegelablePreparalionforAs- m * **
simila ting tlieFoodandßeg ula- fl m
ling the Stomachs andßowels of i B BEITS til 6 M t
Promotes Di§eslion.Cheerfiil- Mil m %f fijv
ness andßest.Contains neither || r W Mkm
Opium, Morphine nor>lineral. H . 01 ,# l\ \T
"N ARC OTIC . ff Ml |\ . 1^
J*«/>eafOUJ*-SAMUIZ.mCHSII |i , \^\^'
Pumptin, Sad,- . l|| llf 1
jtlx.Scnrui * 1 .[Us ' \m\ m.
SMdu&Jtt- . J ■ ■ M£\ I
AniKStrd.* I ■;» A ITH % 111
fe&:&&* / II l\ IA » ■ "
Aperfecl Remedy forConslipa- fl I \ fr UOO
non.SourStomach.Diarrhoea il I \kT
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- if I M^ C-*m Huam
ness trnd Loss of Sleep. . ■ \J* fU I UY U I
Facsimile Signature oF .fl
NEW YORK. 1 1 IllinV ICaiD
v THB OCHTAUH SOMFAriT. NtW YORK CITY.
•••••••••••••••••••••••a**
: Poison Oak •
\ Cured 5
• Or your money back if it fails to cure •
• any case of POISON OAK or POISON •
2 IVY within 5 days; return the bottle J
• to the druggist and he will refund your •
• money. No grease or Salve to soil the •
s clothes but a pleasant palatable rem- J
• edy that will effectually drive the dis- •
• ease out of the system. Take no other •
0 until you have tried : 2
• Dr. Mason's Poison Oak Cure •
• For Sale by all Druggists. jel7 •
•••••••••••••••••••■•••••a
111 OF AMADOR «TV
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : : : $50,000
President : Alfonse Ginocchio
Vice-President S. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudey
BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
Alfonse Ginocchio, S. G. Spagnoli, 'John Slrolim,
Frederick Eudey and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT —Safe dsposit boxes can be
rented from tbe Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from flre
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a borne institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postofnee or express. Money sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County.
They receive deposits from tS up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die it can't be found and you are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive.
j. GHIGLIERI & BRO.
Cosmopolitan Liquor Store
JACKSON GATE, CAL.
- Dealers and Jobbers in foreign and domestic
WINES, LIQUORS & CIGARS
QELECTED stock of Imported Goods. Choice
*J California Wines, popular brands. Eastern
and Domestic Hocus; special bottling.
Havana, Key West and New York Cigars.
Bourbon, Rye, Sweet and Sour Mash Whiskies
of celebrated distilleries. ; ja2 ly
i VANDERPOOL \
i I HARNESS MIR I
\J Plymouth, Cal. \|
. t — {^_i
l\ . Can Make or Repair your /I
/il II \ R\!PQ<s in an up-to-date work- fc.\
Vlil >L.OO manlike manner. p\
\fl Be carries all kind of Harness ami ■§/
Wt supplies in the line. Also, v
■ Buggies, Carriages & Carts 1
\ Carriage Trimming a specialty. ja2a I
FIRE INSURANCE
—^
Insure your, property
PHOENIX ♦ OF ♦ LONDON
Od6 of tho oldest and most reliable
companies in the world. Establish
ed in 1782. It has paid many mill-
ions of dollars in policies.
Policies written in this standard
company
ALSO IN
Providence Washington
OF CONNECTICUT
Richard Webb,
Uesidenfc Agent, Jackson.
THIS WILL INTEREST YOU.
The Ledger has made rates with sev
eral publications whereby subscribers
may get the benefit of good papers and
magazines at a very cheap rate. The
price of the Ledger is $2.50 a year, but
our arrangements are such that we are
able to present clubbing rates as below,
and no lover of good reading should fail
to take advantage of our offer. These
rates are payable in advance, and we
invite old subscribers as well as new ones
to interest themselves on this subject.
We have not forgotten the ladies, as
you can see by referring to the list our
offer on the Cosmopolitan Magazine,
also JlcCall's Magazine, which you
receive without any additional cost
whatever, and you have the selection
of any pattern you wish, which will be
sent to your address free of charge.
Take advantage of our offer, and keep
posted on tho news of the^day:
Ledger and Dally Call, one year.S 9 00
Ledger and Weekly Call one year 3 20
Ledger and Daily Chronicle, one
year ■ 9 00
Ledger and Weekly Chrouicle,
one year 3 60
Lodger and New York Tribuno
Farmer 2 50
Ledger and Now York Tri-Week
ly Tribuno 3 00
Ledger and Weekly Chicago In-
ter-Ocean 2 50
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Maga
zine, one year. 2 75
Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
year,including fret) pattern... . 250
Tho above rates are btrictly in ad
vance.
JLji EXCELSiOR BRAND
SPOILED CLOTHIHOI
X£^^^ g SUGKERS|
.■.>■:■■
****#*#*#*.#*#.*#*#♦*#*#****
I Amador Ledger 1
| Chicago Inter-Ocean |
I $2.60 A YEAR i
hjji. KUHLJHAN
Contractor and Builder
Will do work 'in any part of
Amador County. If you want
to build, send a note to Jackson
Postoffice and I will call on you.
Estimates furnished without cost
on any kind of building. Will
make plans and specifications for
you. mar2tf
Geo. McMillan
FOTOGRAPHER
"Fine Carbon Fotos" all sizes. Groups
and Mining Views. Stamp Fotos
JACKSON - - ieM -' CAL.
ilk>^ ■ .-J^Sfiip* A Jrk A X*i Ec \3 An oltrost. infdllible remedy for dis- ]
•^^W-^^^^f cases of the Throat, and Lungs,
3ppT EXPECTORANT I— -^ "HI
$7000 GASH and
ROUND TRIP TICKETS TO
ST. LOUIS FAIR for
Apply to 25 CENTS
J. Potter & Co.,
Room* 33, 24 tad 25, n j Kesuny St,
6»n Fritncisco, Cal.
THEJIMADOR LEDGER; JACKSON, CALLFOIENIA, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 2, 1904
BASCOM'S
ARISTOCRACY
JASPER COLINGWOOD
Copyright, 1904. by E. Warner
When Heibert Bascom's effects were
moved into the Holbein studios the
Dther occupants gathered In the front
windows and jeered openly. Bascom,
whose hearing was singularly acute,
caught the comments as far up as the
third floor. What those on the fourth
lloor thought was scarcely of impor
tance. The singular unanimity of
opinion among the dwellers of the three
lower floors argued that those up above
would scarcely be moved to comment
approvingly in defiance of their fel
lows.
The only trouble with Bascom's ef
fects was that they were new — dis
tressingly new. From the oilcloth for
the tiny. kitchen to the Persian rugs
and Turkish hangings they all came
from first hand stores. The Holbein
ites were unaccustdmed to such ex
travagances. They had bought second
hand things when they had first set
up and thereby had acquired merit in
the eyes of those already established.
It was unbohemian, as Tolliver ex
pressed it, to have glaring new furni
ture and things in one's studio. It
argued the possession of unseemly
quantities of money and small artistic
merit. From the moment that the first
delivery wagon backed up to the door
Bascom lost his surname, so far as
his fellows were concerned, and gained
the title of the ' Aristocrat. It was
Tolliver's nickname, but it spread rap
idly, and no French communist ever
hated the name more than the Hol
beinites. N
As soon as the place had been set
tled Bascom went around one morn
ing delivering invitations for a studio
tea that afternoon. There were many
moved to accept the invitation, for the
delivery wagon of a leading grocery
had unloaded much that looked at
tractive that morning.
But Tolliver made a personal can
vass, and when Bascom hurried home
that afternoon, laden with additional
packages, he was met by a neat pile
of regrets carefully pinned upon his
door. As a result of Tolliver's activity
it had been decided to snub this aris
tocrat who sought by means of the tea
to flaunt his rich possessions before
their eyes. It was unbohemian, and,
while his"^)resence had to be tolerated,
friendship and fellowship should be
withheld.
Bascom was no fool. He readily per
ceived why he was being snubbed and
quietly accepted the situation. He
nodded friendlily to the men when he
met them in the halls and gravely re
moved his hat when he passed the wo
men. For the rest he went to work
and found in this an absorption which
did not permit him to worry about the
attitude of hts neighbors. He missed
their companionship, but he had letters
in plenty. Since the artistic colony re
fused to recognize him he devoted him
self to his society engagements when
time permitted, thereby bringing forth
additional comment as to the gor
geousness of his garments.
Then came Miss. Alice Caswell. She
was but a decorator of china, but her
effects were pitifully . meager, and she
was at once accepted by the rest of the
inhabitants as a bobemian.
She was a bright, brisk, even tem
pered girl, and before the week wns
out she had made friends even with
the janitor, a feat hitherto supposed
to be impossible. She had the studio
across the hall from Bascom, and be
fore she had learned of his isolation
had already formed a friendship with
him. She had, needed some material
which she did not have time to go out
for, and he had generously supplied her
wants. She had noted with approving
eye his skill as a draftsman and fine
sense of color. After that she soon ac
quired the habit of dropping in to ask
his advice about her designs, finding
his wide experience of great value.
By the time the other dwellers in
the studio building had thought to
warn her of the Intruder iv their col
ony the intruder had become her men
tor, and she grieved greatly as one
after another the rest of the artists let
slip some caustic fling.
"But he is a really clever man," she
assured Tolliver one day as he sat
perched in the window seat declaiming
against the^ Aristocrat. "I assure you
that his paintings are very much above
the average."
Tolliver snorted . contemptuously.
"My dear child," he remarked pater
nally, "you do some very clever china
work. Don't try to get beyond it and
set up as a critic. There never was a
man who settled here with new
furniture. He can't be an artist." Then
the conversation dropped. There was
no argning with Tolliver when he call
ed one "dear child."
A few weeks later she had a birth
day party. Early in the morning the
occupants of the other studios began
to arrived each with some little token
and the invariable inquiry as to wheth
er Bascom had been invited to the
evening festivities. It seemed odd to
her that they should be so interested
In his possfble appearance, but she
readily answered that he would. No
objection being offered, she personally
rounded up Bascom when the time of
the party arrived and got him across
the hall on the plea that she needed
help in the preparation of the supper.
Bascom had Interposed many objec
tions when she had invited him, bat
Bhe had pleaded with him, and on her
insurance that the attitude of the oth
iteii had materially changed he decided
to risk It because she wanted it.
fshe never realized that the abnte
flil LEDGER Ml! CIAGO IMIII
-Mxn PER mar*
mc:it of the criticism was because sho
wus. openly his champion and the rest
h.itl decided to respect her "delusioa."
ac tlif.v termed it. She was so happy
editing the spread ready that she nevtr
noticed the clock until all of the prep
arations had been made.
"Why, It's 9!" she said wonderingly.
"I asked them to come In about 8. I'll
take a little run down the hall and re-
Qiind some of them."
Bascom sank Into the easy chair in
front cf the cannel coal flre. Canne!
coal was a luxury in the Holbein flats,
but he had sent two scuttlefuls that
morning in honor of the event. Alice
ran down the hall to Tolliver's door.
There pinned to a panel was the sign,
"Gone to the theater." She retraced
her steps to the stairway. On every
floor was some card giving notice that
the owner had gone out. She de-
Bcendt-d to the lower floors. Apparent
ly not a soul remained in the building.
Bascom by the fireplace was startled
by the tiny figure that darted in and
sank sobbing upon the homemade cozy
corner.
It, took small questioning to get at
the trouble. The cause he already
knew. The form the opposition had
taken was all he needed to ask.
"I wouldn't have minded so much,"
she sobbed, "only I did so want them
to meet you and see how nice you
really were."
"Did you get it all up for me," he
demanded eagerly.
She nodded. "That Isn't the worst
of It," she confessed. "I even invented
the birthday. Mine was seven month!
away and I couldn't wait. I thought
they would be more apt to come to a
birthday party. Now I have all the.tr
presents and they wouldn't come."
"He drew the tearful little face down
upon his shoulder. "Little girl," he
said gently, "don't you think they
would be more apt to come to a wed
ding?"
"I couldn't invent that," she pro
tested In a muffled voice.
"It's very easy," he preslsted. "Just
say 'yes.' I will look after the rest. I
have wanted to ask you for a long
time."
Even Tolliver came to the wedding
and led the chorus of "He's a Jolly
good fellow" as he poured several
quarts or rice down the elevator shaft
after the departing pair. James had
discovered that Bascom really had to
work for a living, and that the studio
had been furnished by a maiden aunt,
who insisted that he be started right'
An Armenian Legend.
Ararat, one of the most majestic
mountains in the world, rises 17,000
feet above the vast flat plain which'
bears its name and reigns over the sur
rounding mountains. Early in the
morning, while all the valleys of Ara
rat and the neighboring mountains are
buried in shadow, the white top of the
Scriptural mountain gleams beautiful
In the first beams of the sun. Hu3
The Armenian people tell this 6tory
about the Inhabitants of Pharbee:
Once the devil and a Pharbee man
laid a wager as to which should first
see the sun. The one who saw it first
was to box the other's ears. "Very
well," said the Armenian, and he lay
down and slept sweetly, while the
devil, itching to punish his enemy,
stood looking eastward, and with eager
eyes watched the whole night for the
sunrise. Early in the morning the
Pharbee man rose and pointing to the
top of the Ararat, which was already
shining in the 6un, cried Joyfully, "I
'see It!" The devil was vanquished.
The Pharbee man, with his strong
hand, boxed the devil's ears. Ever
since that time the devil has been
afraid of the people of the Armenian
village of Pharbee.
Her Reward.
"The brute!" exclaimed the bride of
a year.
"Have a cup of tea, dear," said her
fondest friend, "and tell me all about
it. What has he been doing now?"
"You know I told you he has been
encouraging me In learning to cook,
has praised my nice little entrees, takea
me to the theater as an occasional re
ward and all that."
i "No good ground for a separation In
that, I imagine," said the dearest
friend, with slight sarcasm.
"Your sympathy Is worse than your
tea," retorted the bride, who was ob
viously out of sorts. "But I'm going
to tell you anyway. Not long ago he
promised me a surprise if I would turn
out a nice dinner cooked all by my
self, from soup to coffee. Last night
I did so. Everything pleased him.
" 'My pet,' he remarked, 'I believe
I promised you a surprise on an occa
sion like this.'
" 'Yes, darling,' I answered. 'Oh, do
tell me what it is?'
" 'I shall discharge the cook at the
end of the month,' he said." — New
York Press.
Right Hand and Left.
"There are few people who are not,
in one respect or another, left handed,
if only in the management of a coffee
cup," said a writer. "I, for instance,
always deal cards with my left hand,
though I am left handed in no other
discoverable manner. There is a well
known artist in Philadelphia, too, whe
draws with his left hand, but who
writes with his right.
"If the crucial test of supremacy Ie
demanded and right and left hands
come to the final court of appeal It will
be found in the wielding of so simple
a thing as a pair of scissors. The fal
low who is really right handed can anil
may do many things "with his left. lie
may instinctively use his left Jiand for
his glass and ply his fork from the
Biime side. But he canuot succeed iv
cutting the nails of the fingers of nil
right hand with scissors. There in
something in a little pair of nail scis
sors which tries the human hand to Its
utmost capacity."— Philadelphia Press.
l!Or A ¥ ff PG£ [VEGETABLE SICILIAN
nALLd Hair Renewer
Makes the hair grow long and heavy, and keeps It soft and glossy.
Stops falling hair and cures dandruff. And It always restores
| color to gray hair. Sold for fifty years. "'"j^&SlmcS^l&Vb* 1 ""'
Rooms: ;^i?^flfl»^K Yard: 6th & Irwln Sts.
Claus Spreckels B'ld'g OT^^oit§j!<S^S»
san Francisco. Ms^jpp^fflS Oregon Pine.
Telephone: Cedar and
Private Exchange 279 , •*^VU"L»SLVS?V U "L»5LV5? r» i •
Tttf^ttSf Redwood
#-^ % . Lumber
mChI3 (mcorporated) Rough or Worked
WE CIVE SPECIAL ATTENTION TO THE MINER'S REQUIREMENTS IN
MININti LU..I IER AND TIMBER. Delivered to any destination desired.
-*M$ PROPRIETOR OFifT/^-
CENTRAL * MARKET^
Fancy Groceries. Fresh Fruits, Vegetables
/::*:; assortment of teas and coffees.
FRESH FISH EVERY THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
* * ,.,. . -
Drop in and Compare Prices and be Conduced that You 'can
Sace Money 'by Trading With Me.
JACKSON - - - - CAL.
HMfIDOR LEDGER WEEKLY GHIGfIGO INIEROCEfIN
: — - — $2.50 PER YEAR — —
PIONEER FLOOR IS PERFECTION^
A Made From SELECTED WHEAT
sj Blended According to Our Own Formula
*4 Produclna P«rf«»ct Results and
A Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
fer S:veet to the Palate's Touch and
A Snowy White
•— PIONEER FLOOR MILLS. SACRAMENTO — - — •
I -JtkSL urn * STABLE
S S^^"-^'i£i^^ ii O'NEILL & PODESTA, PROP'S.
■ j Transient Customers given the very best of attention.
S Telegraph and Telephone Orders Promptly
Attended to. Phone Main 383.
g Four-in-HaDds, Surreys, Pole and Single Buggies, Saddle Horses.
* MAIN STREET, JACKSON - - - CAL.
MIDVALE DRILL STEEL
FOR SALE BY ~ •
I • E. GINOCCHIO & BHO. General Merchandise, Jackson, Calif.
V. OETTINGER 8. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry? Machine Shop
.Nutter Creek. Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in Iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on band a largo
and complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
i-on, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc., which we will
sell at the LOWEST CASH PRICES. .
TO THE UNFORTUNATE
Ji^-^^^^fisll This old reliable and
/SfcJ^RiWS^JIJKi theuiost successful spu-
aaffiPlPi f^P^^lfij'a °i a " st in Sin Francts-
R»S " I V-. iiMlr 1 '! costillcontinuestocure
ifffk ' Xwfc^sTW II "" Scxu:ll " nd St '™ iD!l1
S^tWßmil3w»Si orrhea, Gleet, Strlct'ii r.
«^a^S7ffi^^RjsflJi^ Skin Diseases, Nervous
l^^ffl^^^^P Se^inal^Veli^ness^fd
* =!tc '*™ tVl *"** is «.'«»3 Loss of Manhood, the
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counte-
nance dark spots under the eyes, pain in the
head, ringing in the ears, loss of confidence,
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitation
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and back,
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs,
consumption, etc.
DR. GIBBON has practiced in San Francisco
over 40 years, and those troubled should not
fall to consult him and receive the benefit of
his great skill and experience. Tho doctor
cures when others fall. Try him. Cures guar-
anteed. Persons cured at home. Charges reas-
onable. Call or write.
Uit. J. F. Gibbon, 629 Kearney street, San
Francisco. Cal.
_
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA:
- -
Boarding and Day School conducted by tbe Sis-
ters of Notre Dame (Namur). Founded in 1856
Tbe curlculum embraces all the branches of
a solid English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses In art, language and music.
For further information address
aplQ-tf SISTER SUPERIOR.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic
Wines4iquors*Cigars
JACKSON.. CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR.
tell Cognac, Moot & Cbaudon, White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros.,
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries: Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres,
Bordeaux, Clarets and Sauterncs ; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker &, Sons, Lim-
ited, Walkerville. Ontario, Canada: John de
Kujper&Zoon, Cotterdam, Gin; Gllka Kuem-
mel, from J. A, Gllka, Berlin; Barthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester, N. V,, Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness'
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London); Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ale; Naglee Brandy; Reimported American
Whiskies.
Tarn & Marenzi's
MAIN STEEET, JACKSON.
EVERYTHING— — •
, In the line of Wearing: Apparel used
by a. Miner can be found at our Store.
We make a specialty of Gents' Fur-
nishings as well, and our prices are as
low as the lowest.
Sole Agents for the Mercantile
Tailoring Co. of Chicago-
janB
"O ICII.VHD WBBB;',j
United States Commissioner '
JACKSON. CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other tilings;
taking of tinal proofs and all other Land
Business. ' - :
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
Agect for Phoeclx Assurance Company of
London, and Washington Providence Fire In '
Durance Companies. • je22tf
Grove's Tasteless Chili Tome 1
has stood the test 25 years. Average Annual Sales over One and a Half Million I
bottles. Does this record of merit appeal to you ? No Cure, No Pay. 50c. I
Enclosed with every bottle Is a Ten cent package of Grove's Black P.oot. liver Pflb. M
. ANXIETY.
Effects of Thli Form of Mental ud
Physical Derangement.
la a paper read before the congress
of French alienists at Grenoble Dr.
Gaston Lalanne pointed out that
anxiety is a disturbance which is ex
pressed by the entire being. The ex
citing causes are - sometimes physical
and sometimes psychical, and the
symptoms manifested are both phys
iral and mental. The physical symp
toms comprise cold feelings and chills
of the Pcnlp and body, general lassi
tude, inco-ordination of voluntary
movements far more apparent than
real emotional coloring of speech, and
vertigo, which is^ dependent upon vaso
motor-cerebral .disturbances or upon
digestive troubles. • In the anxious
states there . are always circulatory
troubles, such as accelerated heart beat.
Irregularity of" the heart's action,
heightened arterial tension and cold
ness of the extremities. Respiratory
disturbances are also present
The psychical symptoms of anxiety
include various degrees of Vague dread
and apprehensiveness, • often taking
definite forms, in which case they are
designated as "phobias" or "obessions
of fear," weakening the capacity of at
tention .and of memory, and a tend
ency to confusion of ideas. Halluci
nations of the senses are prone to oc
cur.
COMEDIAN SAM VALE.
He Wai tie Original ot Sam TVeller
■ of Pickwick Fame.
• The original of Sam Weller was Bam
Vale, an English low comedian, who,
In the early part of the last century, was
quite popular in the south of England.
In the year 1811, and for a few years
after, he made quite a reputation In the
musical farce called "The Boarding
House," written by Beasley. In this
he played the part of Simon Spatter
dash, a person who indulged In odd and
whimsical sayings. "Come on, as the
old man said to the tight boot;" "I am
down on you,' aa the extinguisher said
to the candle;" "Let every one take
care of himself, as the donkey said
when ■ dancing among tbe chickens,"
are fair illustrations of his witticisms
In the course of that play, the resem
blance between them and some of the
sayings of Sam Weller being very
marked. In private life Vale was a
wit, and many good things In his own
time were credited to him. . A man of
excellent temper, he had no enemies,
and the good humor which pervaded
every saying, together with the droll
ery of his manner, gave his witticisms
unusual value. His sayings were called
Sam Valerisms, and on the appearance
of Pickwick In 1836 the character of
Weller^was generally recognized as a
portraiture of VaJe. The comedian died
In 1848 at the age of fifty-one.
THE WILLOW TREE.
John Perke Cnstia Planted the First
One In This Country. '
When the south sea bubble in Eng
land collapsed one of the speculators
went to Smyrna to repair his fortune.
He was .a friend of Alexander Pope
and sent him a box of figs in which
had been placed a twig of a tree. Pope
planted the twig on his grounds on the
shore of the Thames, not knowing of
what tree it was. It grew and was a
weeping willow. In 1775, when the
tree was over fifty years old, one of
the young British officers who came to
Boston with the British army brought
a twig from the tree, which he intend
ed to plant on his lands after tbe re
bellion had been crushed. John Parke
Custls.son of Mrs. Washington, going
on errands to the British camp under
a flag of truce, became acquainted
with the owner of the willow twig,
which was draped in oiled silk, and ob
tained it from him, which he planted
near his home at, Abingdon, Va., where
It became the progenitor of all (he
weeping willows in America.
Anemnne Fact*.
Naturalists have duly recorded that
that if a sea anemone be divided In
halves longitudinally a new animal will
in time be reproduced by each half, as
suming tbe anemone is kept in pure sea
water. An old zoologist relates how he
watched an anemone which somehow
or other had contrived to half swallow
one of the valves of an oyster shell.
Practically the shell struck in its gir
eard and gradually cut its way down
through the soft tissues of the anem
one-until It halved the animal as by
a partition. Perfect reproduction of
two anemones through the division of
one was noted to be the result of this
accident. Even a fragment or two of
an anemone body left attached to its
rock may In due season reproduce a
new body.— London News.
Soldiers' Snp*rntitlon*.
Among the numerous superstitions
of tbe Cossacks there is none stronger
than the belief that they will enter
heaven In a better state if they are per
sonally clean at the time they are killed.
Consequently before an expected battle
they perform their toilets with scrupu*
kms care, dress themselves in clean
garments and put on the best they
have. This superstition Is not confined
to the Cossacks alone, but is widely
prevalent in all branches of the Rus
sian army. , ■ '.
Mm kin a; It Snow.
Holly— How did Marie learn to use
her left hand so gracefully? Dolly—
That's the hand she wears her engage
ment ring on.
Charity.
President of the Girts' Club— Well,
girls, we have $40 In the treasury.
How shall we spend it? Chorus— Ob,
let's get up a charity ball!— Puck.
To accept good advice Is to lncreaM
one's own ability.— Goethe.
* @ VMt DR. JORDAN'S «»*•■*
IffflMuseum of Anatomy
I M^ 10 " BASSET ST. lot. 6th* 7th, S. F. C»L
if tM& Tt ' L " B "'° fi " ti ° ji °' t " w '' I ' ll -
kltrrcnl W« are continuallr adiliuß n.w specimens.
f ll vw If Come and learn huw wonderfully you are made
f\M m and how to avoid aiekness aod diaeaie. If you
i \ U . fl suffer from any of the Ula of men. come to the A
■ jJ°W c3t Specialist on lie TiciHc Ctut, V
I DB.JOBnAir-PRITATEDI!)EAIEI i
Consultation free and atrietly private Treatment person- \
i ally or by letter. STPBILIa thoroughly eradicated X
f from tbe system without osiog Mercury. W
, EVERY HAM applying to is will rctira erar \
I flomil opinion of his compfaim. M
Wt Kill guarantee a rOSITTTE CTSS in erery can \
% X* undertake, or forfeit One Thnv^'4 Dollar*. A
Write for 800k — Pblloaophw of 9f arrlaaje), ¥
s mailbo pata. (A raluabl'- book fnrmen.) A
t DR. JORMAST * CO., 10U Market SU S. F. f
COLONIST RATES
VTO CALIFORNIA
— VIA — ;
SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES
Daily, Sept. 15 to Oct. 15, '04
From SIOUX CITT. $26.00
COTWCH, BLUFFS 25.00 '
OMAHA.. ....:.. 23.00 ■ '
ST. JOSEPH '. 25.00
KANSAS CITY 25.00
LEAVEN WOBTH....... 25.00 ''
DENVEE 25 00' ' • ' .
HOUSTON :..... 28.15
ST. LOUIS ...30.00 "'"
NEW OBLEANB ..... . 30.00 '
PEOBIA 3LOO WB
BLOOMIHGTON 32.00
ST. PAUL... 32 90
CHIC AGO .?^^Sr.V... 3300 '
NEWYOBK ...50.00
The cost of a ticket can be deposited at dnce
with atiy Southern Pacific Agent In California ii ■
and the ticket will be furnished to the passen' '
ger in the, East, while these low rates are in
effect.
Stopovers allowed at certain intermediate
I^ tl^ 11 c nls%T6cT3^t.n 1 s%T6cT3^t.^ An^ M "*
Illustrated California Literature
. Mailed Free to any Address. --
J. B. GRAY. -_-. T. H. GOOD3IAJT,
Dlv. Pass. Agt., Gen. Pass. Agt.
Sacramento. San Francisco. "
••••••••••••••••••••♦•c***
j DAILY STAGE UNE |
• BETWEEN 5 r -
• JACKSON and EL DOS ADO •
• J. Steiner. Proprietor.: ':•-■
J Leaves Jackson every morning at 7:30 J
• a. m. ; arrives at Plymouth 10:30 a. m. %
• Leaves Plymouth at Ip. m.; arrives at •
J El Dorado sp. m. , S^
J ;;.' Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a. m. ; arrlres J *
• at Plymouth ua. m. Leaves Plymouth «
• at ap. m. ; arrives in Jackson at 5 p. m. • '
J ;—; — . •■'
9 Offices— Jackson. National Hotel; Sut- S ''
m ter Creek, American Exchange; Ami- Z--
Z dor City, Amador Hotel; Drytown, Ex- • 5 "
0 ..change; Plymouth, Forest House. - • • 8
• Prompt delivery of packages. •
2 This line connects with passenger *
• trains to and from Placervllle. , _• :;
2 THROUGH FARE - - - - 52.80 J \
• Fifty pounds of baggage free. • '■■':
•••••••••••••••••••••••••ft ■"
llilii
North Main St.. Jackson, Cak ..
Geo. L. Thomas & Co.. Prop'rs
Dealers in all kinds of meat 9. Choice
BEEF. MUTTON;
PORK, VEAL,
LAMB, HAMS,
CORNED BEEF, BACON,
LARD, ETC.
.At lowest market prices. Orders
promptly delivered. :-- N jaB ..
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
| UNITED STfITES MAIL |
• -Daily Stage Line •
• -Between Jackson, Pine Grove {
• and Volcano. . •
J T. A. MARSINO - Proprietor g
• Leaves Jackson dally at 6:30 a. m. #
• Arrives at Pine Grove about 9a. m , and •
• at Volcano about 9 :30 am. . •
• Makes connection with the sta^e leav- •
• ing Volcano for Defender every Monday, •
• Wednesday and Friday. ■ •
S Leaves Volcano dally at 2p. m., ar- 5
1 riving at Pine Grove at 3 p. m , and S
J Jackson at sp. m. j
0 Best service Iv Ainudor County. «
• " Prompt delivery of packages a •
• specialty. - •
• Fabe— Jackson to Volcano 11.50; Jack- •
• son to Pine Grove 11.00. Round trip -•
• to Volcano 13.50. ; •
S Offices— National Hotel, Jackson, and 2
0 Postomces Pine Grove and Volcano. J
0 mars 2
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
GO TO THE m
AMADOR BAKERY
A. DAL- PORTA & CO., Prop'rs.
when you xnnpiin
WANT FBESH DHIA U.
W>> also keep a large stock of
Staple and Fancy .
* GROCERIES. *
Our Prices will suit you.
Oar Specialty— Fresh Bread each day except
Snnday. JuB
If You Want vi,""
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Riihstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer ;
BEST* BEER IN THE WORLD |
Made From Pure Hops
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. my»