Established November i, 1855.
LAWYERS.
DB. SPAGNOLI
and Counselor at Law
Jackson. Cal.
Practice In all the States and Federal courts
Office: Spagnoll building, opposite Hall 0)
Records. -
T XV. CAI.mi'KLL
' Attorney-at-Law
Jackson, Cal.
Will practice in all courts of the State.
JOHN* F. "uAVIS
Office on Summit Street, opposite Courthouse
NOTARIES. ~
TTItUA CLOUCSII
Stenographer aud Notary Public
Jackson, Cal.
Office, Judge Davis' law offices, Summit Street
DOCTORS.
Tji E. KNUICOTT, M. D. -_
Pliyslclau and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office: Webb building. Ail calls promptly
attended to at all times.
T\R- K. V. TIFFANY
Physician aud Surgeon
PLYMOUTH, CAL.
OrnoE— Forrest House. Hooks— B to 0 a. in.,
and 1 to 2 and 7 to 8 p. m.
Telephone Main 41.
T~VR. L. K. PHILLIPS
Physician and Surgeon
• • . JACKSON CAL.
Office— Weil & Renno Building. Residence,
north 'Main street, opposite California
Hotel.
Telephone No. 401.
DB', A. 11. GALL
/.' . ' ' ■ :■'.
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office In Marelia building. Main Street
£)R. E. V. LONIGO
•- |From the Medical School of Florence (Italy)
A graduate besides from the Medical Depart-
fc.ment Untversitv of the State of California,
t-.and ex-Surgeon to the City Receiving Hospf-
1 tal of San Francisco, begs leave to inform
. you that he has opened his office in the town
of Jackson, Kay's building, formerly Dr. Rob-
ertson's office, where all who call will be an-
swered day and night
Genoral Surgery & Obstetrical attendance his
specialties. Telephone No. 467.
"T\K. J. H. O'CONNOR
Physician and Surgeon
SUTTER CREEK, CAL. .
Office — Mails' Building. Residence and Tele-
phone, Exchange Hotel. jan2, ly.
DENTISTS.
T\B. C. A. HERRICK
DENTIST ■
Jackson. Cal.
Office in Kay burning. Hours from 9 a. m. to
5 p. m.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦♦♦•♦♦♦»•♦♦
Globe Hotel!
;| ""W~ I
I ' NEW MANAGEMENT. ' < ]
I : E. M. HURST Proprietor |!
I i •■^<^- . J I
i RATESFROM $! TO $2 A DAY |
] . Meals from 25c to 50c. J ;
! Sample Room; for Com.mer- ! I
I cial Travelers. ■ I !
• ' ♦
i All Stages stop at this hotel. ♦
i JACKSON... CAL. |!
! my 6 \ ',
< ♦♦•♦•♦♦• •♦•♦•••♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦I
J. H. LANGHORST
. .' (tain Street, Jackson
Dealer In—
WLUD. WATCHES, CLOCKS -JEffilir*
AND SILVERWARE
Mx ' All goods warranted as represented
EepaUlng of watches. Clocks and jewelry a
speolaltv.
••••••••••••••••••••♦••••a
I DAILY STAGE LINE:
S BETWEEN •
• JACKSON and EL DORADO •
• J. Stelner. Proprietor. •
5 Leaves Jackson every morning at 7:30 S
0 a, m. ; arrives at Plymouth 10:30 a. in. •
• . Leaves Plymouth at Ip. m. ; arrives at •
5 . El Dorado 5 p.m. J
J Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a.m.; arrives *
9 at Plymouth Ua. m. Leaves Plymouth •
• at 2p. m. ; arrives In Jackson at 5 p.m. •
S Offices— Jackson, National Hotel; Sut- 5
Z ter Creek, American Exchange; Ama- Z
S dor City, Amador Hotel; Drytown, Ex- I
5 change; Plymouth, Forest House. Z
• Prompt delivery of packages. •
2 This line connects with passenger •
• trains to and from Placerville. •
• THROUGH FARE - - - - 52.80 *
• Flit; pounds of baggage tree. •
Wf #•§?•••?••••••••••••••
The Amador Ledger.
CHAPTER CCXI.
An act to provide for the issuance and tale of
state bonds to create a fund for the construc
tion by the board of state harbor commis
sioners of a seawall and appurtenances in
the city* and county of San Francisco; to
create a sinking fund for the payment of
said bonds; and providing for the submis
sion of this act to a vote of the people.
[Approved March 20, 1903.] »
The people of the State of California, repre
sented in senate and assembly do enact as
fallows:
Section 1. For the purpose of providing a
fund for the payment ol the Indeotness here
by authority to be Incurred by the bourd of
state harbor commissioners for the erection
of a seawall and appurtenances in Hie city
and county of San Francisco, at a cost not to
exceed two million dollars (which siild sea
wall and appurtenances the board of state
harbor commissioners are hereby empower
ed to construct in the manner -authorized
by liw, and at a cost not to exceed said
two million dollars,) the state treasurer shall,
Immediately after the issuauce of the pro
clamation of the governor, provided for
in section ten hereof, prepare two thous
and suitable bonds of the State of Cali
fornia, iv the denomination of oue thous
and dollars each. The whole issue of
said bonds shall not exceed the sum of
two million dollars, and said bonds shall
bear Interest at the rate of four per centum
per annum, from the time of the sale thereof,
and both principal and interest shall be pay
able in gold coin of the present standard
of value, and they shall be payable at the
office of the state treasurer, at the expiration
of nineteen years from their date, subject,
however to redemption by lot as in this act
hereinafter provided. Said bonds shall bear
date, the second day of January, A. D. nine
teen hundred and five, aud shall be made
payable on the secoud day of January, nine
teen hundred and twenty-four A. 1). The
interest accuring on such of said bonds as
are sold, shall be due and payable at the
office of the said state treasurer on the second
day of January. and on thesecondday ofjuly
of each year after the sale of the same; pro
vided, that the first payment of intcreslshall
be made on the second day of January, A. D.
nineteen hundred aud six, on so many of
said bondsas may have been theretofore sold.
At the expiration of nineteen years from the
dateof said bonds, all hcrtids sold shall cease
tn bear interest, and. likewise, all bonds re
deemed by lot shall cease to bear interest as
in this act provided, and the said state treas
urershall call In, forthwith pay, and cancel
the same, out or the moneys iv the San Fran
•w-isco seawall sinking fund provided for in
this act and he shall on the first Monday of
January, nineteen hundred and twenty-four,
also cancel and dt-stroy all bonds not there
tofore sold. All bonds issued shall be signed
by the governor, and countersigned by the
controller, and shall be indorsed by the state
treasurer, and each shall have the seal of the
state stamped thereon. Each bond shall
contain a clause that It Is subject to redemp
tion by lot after the year 1014." ■
Sec. 2. Interest coupons shall be attached
to each of said bonds, so that such coupons
may be removed without injury to or mutila
tion of the bond. Said coupons shall be con
secutively numbered, and shall be signed by
the state treasurer. But no interest on any
ol said bonds shall bo paid for any time
which may intervene between the date of
any of said bonds and the issue and sale
thereof to a purchaser.
•Sec. 3. The sum of one thousand dollars is
hereby appropriated to pay the expense that
may be incurred by the state treasurer in
having said bonds prepared. Said amount
shall be paid out of the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund on controller's warrants
duly drawn for that purpose.
Sec. 4. When the bonds authorized to be
Issued under this act shall be duly executed,
they shall be by tte state treasurer sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
in such parcels and numbers as said treasur
er shall be directed by the governor of the
state, under the seal thereof after a resolu
tion requesting such sale shall havo been
adopted by the board of state harbor com
missioners; but said treasurer must reject
any and all bids for said bonds, or for any of
them, which shall be below the par value of
said bonds so offered; and he may, by public
announcement at the place and time rixed
for the sale, continue such sale, as to the
whole of the bonds oflercd.or any part there
of offered to such time aud place* as he may
select. Due notice of the time and place of
sale of all bonds must be given by said treas
urer by publication iv two newspapers pub
lished in the city and county of San Fran
cisco, and also by publication in one news
paper published in the city of Oakland, and
by publication In one newspaper published
in the city of Los Angeles, and by publication
in one newspaper published iv the city of
Sacramento, once a week during four weeks
prior to such sale. The costs of such publica
tion shall be paid out' of the Sari Francisco
harbor Improvement fund, on controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose. The
proceeds of the sale of such bonds shall be
forthwith paid over by said treasurer into the
treasury, and must be be by him kept in a
separate fund, to be known and designated
as the '-San Francisco Seawall Fund" and
must be used exclusively for the construction
of seawalls and appurtenances thereto on the
waterfront of the city and county of San
Francisco, Dralts and warrants upon said
fund shall be drawn upon and shall be paid
out of said fund in thesame mannei as drafts
and warrants are drawn upon and paid out
of the San Francisco harbor improvement
fund.
Sec. 5. For the payment of the principal
and interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to
be known and designated as the "San Fran
cisco Seawall Sinking Fund" shall be and
the same is hereby created, as follows: The
state treasurer shall, on the first day of each
and every month after the sale of said bonds,
take from the San Francisco harbor improve
ment fund such sum as, multiplied by the
time the bonds then sold and outstanding
have to run, will equal the principal of the
bonds sold and outstanding at the time said
treasurer shall so take said sum from said
San Francisco harbor improvement fund,
less the amount theretofore token therefrom
for said purpose; and he Khali place the sum
in the San Francisco seawall sinking fund
created by this act. Said state treasurer
shall, on controller's warrants duly drawn
for that purpose employ the moneys in said
sinking fund in the purchase of bonds of the
United States, or of the state of California,
or of the several counties or municipalities
of the State of California, which said bonds
shall be kept in a proper receptacle, appro
priately labeled; but be must keep always
on hand a sufficient amount of money in
said sinking fund with which to pay the in
terest ou such of the state bonds herein pro :
vided to be issued as may have theretofore
been sold. And to provide means for the
payment of interest on the bonds that may
be sold and oulstaudiag, said treasurer shall
monthly take from the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund, and pay into said sea
wall sinking fund, an amount equal to the
monthly interest then dueou all bonds then
sold, delivered aud outstanding. The board
of state, harbor commissioners are hereby
authorized and directed by the collection of
dockage, tolls, rents, wharfage and cranage,
to collect a sum of money sufficient for the
Finrposes of this act, over above the amount
United by section two thousand five hun
dred and twenty-six of the Political Code of
the State of California. Between the first and
the tenth day of November, in the year nine
teen hundred and fourteen, and between the
first and the tenth day of November of each
year thereafter until the maturity of said
bonds, the said treasurer shall, in the pres
ence of the governor, proceed to draw by lot
such an amount of bonds' as sLdllberequiste
to exhaust as nearly as may be the amount
In Bald sinking fund at that time, and shall
thereupon and before the tenth day of Decem
ber following, give notice by public advertis
ment to be inserted twice a week for two weeks
iv two. newspapers published ie the city and
county of San Francisco, arid also in one news
paper published in the city of Oakland, and also
in one newspaper published in the city of Los
Angeles, and also in oue newspaper published
in the city of Sacramento, stating the number of
bonds so drawn and that the principal of said
bonds will be paid on presentation to the treas
urer on or before the second day of January,
following, and that from and after such last
named date all interest upon bonds thus drawn
shall cease and It shall be the duty of the treas
urer as soon as said bonds so drawu by loc are
surrendered to him and paid to cancel the same
and the interest coupons' thereon, arid each
year beginning with the year 19U the said treas
urer shall, in the manner aforesaid, proceed to
draw by lot such an amount of bonds as shall
be requiste to exhaust as nearly as may be the
amount in said sinking fund, and proceed in the
manner hereinabove stated. After the payment
of all of said bonds, the surplus or' balance, re
maining In said sinking fund) if any 'there be,,
shall forthwith be paid into the San Franciscisco
harbor Improvement fund. At the time ol the
respective drawings by lot as aforesaid, and also
at the maturity ot said state bonds, said treas
urer shall sell the United States or other bonds
then in said sinking fund, at governing market
rates, after advertising the sale thereof in the
manner hereinbefore provided for the sale of
bonds hereby authorized to be Jaaued, and shall
use the proceeds f6r the Jiajriicrit of Such bond!
as may be drawn by lot, an* at the' maturity 6t
said bonds outstanding shall pay and
redeem said matured outstanding bonds out gf
said moneys in said fuud in extinguishment pi
said bonds on controller's warrants duly drawn
for that purposP.
SEC. 6 The state controller and the state
treasurer shall keep full and particular account
and record of all their proceedings under this
act, and tjiey slielf transmit ts the governor tin
abstract of all such proceedings thereunder,
with an annual report, to be by the governor
laid before the legislature biennially; and all
books and paporS pertaining to the matter pro
vided for in this act shall at all times be open to
the inspection of any party interested, or the
governor, or the attorney-general, or a com
mittee ot either branch of the legislature, or a
Joint committee of both, or any citizen ot the
state.
SEC. 7. It shall be the duty ot the state treas
urer to pay the interest of said bonds, when the
same. tells due, out ot ttie sinking lub.4 pmW<J<l
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY. CALIFORNIA; FRIDAY. AUGUST 19, 1904.
for In this act, on controller's warrants duly
drawn tor that purpose.
BEO. 8. This act It adopted by the people,
shall take effect on the thirty first day ot Decem
ber, A. D. nineteen hundred and tour, as to all
Its provisions except those relating to and neces
sary for Its submission to the people, and for re
turning, canvassing, and proclaiming the votes,
and as to said excepted provisions this act
shall take effect Immediately.
Bic. 9. This act shall be submitted to the
people of the State ot California tor their ratifica
tion at the uext general election, to be holden
in the month ot November, A. D. nineteen hun
dred and four ; and all bullets at said election
shall have printed thereon, and at the end
thereof, the words "For the San Francisco Sea
wall Act," and in a separate line under the same
words "Against the San Francisco .Seawall Act."
and opposite said lines there shall be left spaces
in which the voters may make or stamp a cross
to Indicate whether they vote for or against the
said act, and those voting for said act shall do
so by placing a cross opposite the words "For
the San Francisco Seawall Act," and all those
voting against the said act shali do so by plac
ing a cross opposite the words "Against the San
Francisco Seawall Act." The governor of this
state shall include the submission ot this act to
the people, as aforesaid. In his proclamation
calling for said general election.
Sec. 10. The votes cast tor or against this act
shall be counted, returned and canvassed and
declared in the same manner and subject to
the same rules as votes cast for state officers ;
and If it appear that said act shall have re
ceived a majority ot all the votes cast tor and
agnlnst it at such election, as aforesaid, then
the same shall have effect as hereinbefore pro
vided and shall be irrepoalable until Ibe princi
pal and interest ot the liabilities herein created
shall be paid and discharged, and the governor
shall make proclamation thereof; but If a
majority ot the votes cast as aforesaid are
against this act, then thesame shall be and be
come void.
Sec. 11. This act may be known and cited as
the "San Francisco Seawall Act.".
Sec. 12. All acts and parts of acts in conflict
with the provisions of this act are hereby
repealed.
WAIT FOR AN APPETITE.
Yon Shonld Never Eat Simply For
the SaVe of Eatln*.
A prolific cause of chronic Indigestion
is eating from habit and simply be
cause it is mealtime and others are
eatiug. To eat when not hungry is to
eat without relish, and food taken
without' relish is worse than wasted.
Without relish the salivary glands do
not act, the gastric fluids are not freely
secreted, and the best of foods will not
be digested. Many perfectly harmless
dishes, are severely condemned for no
other reason than they were eaten per
functorily and without relish and due
insallvatlon.
Hunger makes the plainest foods en
joyable. It causes vigorous secretion
and outpouring of all the digestive flu
ids, the sources of ptyalin, pepsin,
trypsin, etc., without a plentiful supply
of which no foods can be perfectly di
gested.
Wait for an appetite, if it takes a
week. Fasting is one of the saving
graces. It has a spiritual significance
only through its great physical and
physiologic Importance. If breakfast
is a bore or lunch a matter of indiffer
ence, cut one or both of them • out
Wait for distance and. unmistakable
hunger and. then eat slowly. If you
do this you need ask few questions as
to the propriety and digestibility of
what you eat, and it need not be pre
dlgested.—Exchange.
The Bargain Lady.
Clerk— What kind of a traveling bag
can I show you, madam? Mr«. Run
about—Well, I want to pet a real
leather fifteen dollar bsg -for about
$1.99 or something like that.-Cincin
nati Cpmmercial Tribune.
Pine Sample * Commercial
Rooms. Travelers House
Amador Hotel
— S. J. Pearce, Proprietor—
AMADOR CITY - ... CALIFORNIA.
The most excellently appointed hostelry
in Amador County,
-HOT AND COLD BATHS-
A bar in connection supplied with the
choicest Wines, Liquors and Cigars.
"2 RATE? RfASRNABtE.
egf Union Stables
» fmVSH under Webb Hall *
MAIN STREET - % - JACKSON, CAL.
• - — M. NEWMAN. Prop.
The Stable equipped with flrst-ciass stock
and vehicles. Suitable rigs for Commercial
travelers with trunks.
Special Attention Paid *
* to Transient Stock.
Large stable and yard for use of teamsters.
Telegrams answered free of cost. 2-23-U
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
1 NATIONAL {
5 JACKSON, CAL. •
j BEST OF ACCOMMODATIONS |
• - * ■*(**■ Z
Z Rates $1,00 to $3.00 a Day 5
S OFFICE FOR AJjL J
* STAGE LINES. J
2 Frank A. Voorheis - Prop. S
••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
lab Alfalfa W
Samples and Quotations on Application,
Catalogue of VEGETABLE and
FLOWER SEEDS— Free
WRITE rOR A COPY
TRUMBULL & BEEBE
Seedsmen ft Nurserymen
419-421 S«,n*om» St. §*• Fr|Bol«o»
HALL, LUHRS & CO.
m "Our Taste" Pears jL
h Choice Sacramento River ■
■ Bartlett Pears. Large— ■
■ ripe— heavy syrup. Make B
■ a delicious dessert. B-
\>' . A* your grocers. ■
J fIL , 11*11, Luhrs 41 Co. M
|A mfL lir^, »*cr*m>nto #
ADDKEBB TO THE VOTERS.
In Support of the Proposed ronstitution
al Amendment for the Creation
of District Courts of
Appeal.
The undorsigned, a Committee ap
pointed by the Bar Association of San
Francisco, beg to call your special at
tention to the proposed Constitutional
Amendment providing for District
Courts of Appeal, which proposed
amendment will be submitted to the
people at the general election to be
held Tuesday, November 8, 1904.
' We believe that a change in the
judicial system of the state has become
an urgent public necessity, and we re
quest your earnest aid and co-opera
tion towards the adoption of this
amendment. *
; The statutes of California for the
year 1903, at page 737 et seq., set forth
in full the changes proposed.
j The system of intermediate Courts
of Appeal has for many years been in
force in the United States courts, al«o
in New York, Illinois and several other
states of the United States. It has
been found to give full satisfaction.
' Shortly after the constitution of
1879 was adopted, it became apparent
that the supreme court could with
difficulty discharge the great mass of
business which even then was brought
before it. As time progressed, HUjja
tion increased and the court became
more embarrassed. In recent years
there has been an immense development
of the resources, industries and mater
ial wealth of the state accompanied
by a great increase of population. The
judical business of the state has in
creased in corresponding degree.
I The supreme court still consists, as
it did in 188,u,.af seven judges! It is
still required, in addition to business
pertaining to its original jurisdiction,
to hear and determine all appeals taken
from all the superior courts of the
state. In the year 1885 it was found
necessary to do something for the re
lief of the supreme cpuvt, and an act
of the legislature was passed authoriz
ing the appointment of three supreme
court commissioners. Four years lat
er the legislature increased the number
of the supreme court commissioners
to five. And yet the supreme court
was unable to keep down the ever in
creasing number of cases submitted to
it; it is now hoplessly in arrears. This
condition of affairs is certainly not due
to indolence or neglect on the part of
the judges, as will sufficiently appear
from the fact that on an average the
court decides and flies written opinions
in six hundred and fifty cases each
year; in this particular its records com
pare favorably with any court in -the
United Slates. But as against this
large number of casess decided there is
an average of one thousand new cases
brought to the court each year. The
capacity of the court for work is limit
ed, but the number of new cases is not,
and will increase w}th, the growth and
development of the state. Moreover,
experience has demonstrated that when
a supreme court is much in arrears
with its work that condition alone
fosters an increase of litigation ; appeals
are taken for the sake . of the delay
which they involve, or for the purpose
of coercing the prevailing party into a
compromise settlement.
The present supreme court com
missioners have no power to decide
cases; their province is merely to pre
pare opinions to be adopted or rejected
by the judges. It is manifest that the
judges must themselves examine the
cases befpre passing upon the commis
sioners' opinions, and so the wprk in
each case submitted to the commis
sioners is duplicated.
Under the change now proposed the
five commissioners will be relieved
from office and in their stead there will
be three separate district courts of
appeal, each consisting of three
judges sitting at the same time in
different parts of the state, and each
having independent power to decide
and dispose of cases. The supreme
court will, nevertheless hqld the same
supervisory power over the district
courts which it now has over its own
departments. It is intended that
criminal appeals (except in cases where
the death penalty has been pronounc
ed), which now monopolize so much of
time of the supreme court shall be
heard by the district cpurts of appeal.
Three district courts working con
currently should promptly take up and
dispose of criminal appeals, and so a
great present evil will be cprrected,
Criminals should be b,rough.t to justice
speedily i the criminal law loses its ter
rors when, as at present, conviction
and punishment can only be meted out,
if at all, several years after the com
mission of the crime.
The objection to a multiplicity
of appeals does not apply to this amend
ment. There is but one appeal as be
fore, to be taken, either to' thesuprem
court or to one of the district courts of
appeal. It is true the supreme court
has tho power to revise any decision of
a district court of appeal, but it is not
obliged so to do. Id this respect- its
jurisdiction is similar to that of the
supreme court of the United States,
which has the power, although seldom
exercised, to review aoy decision of a
United States circuit court of appeals;
it is similar to tho power now held by
the California 3upreme_court in bane
(alsa seldom exorcised), to revise any
decision of the court rendered in dec of
its departments. It is considered that
a reservation of such supervisory . pow
er in the supreme court will have an
influence for good upon the district
courts of appeal, and will insure uni
formity of their decisions throughout
the state. '■ r;_ ? .
The amendment provides for the dis
tribution of business from time to time
so that each of the district courts and
the supreme court shall always bear
its equal share of the judical labor.
Untler the amendment, the judical
busiuess of the state will thus be tran
sacted by four competent courts, act
ing concurrently, although there will
be the addition of only (our judical
officers to the present judical staff.
And yet the supreme court will con
tinue to be, in case of need, the court
of final resort; having at all times
power to take to itself and decide any
case, civil or criminal, whatever may
be the amount of property, or the char
acter of the question involyed.
It is of the highest importance that
the present opportunity of amending
the system be availed of. If the amend
ment now proposed should fall to re
ceive a majority of votes, the present
deplorable condition of the supreme
court must continue until some other
measure can be brought before the
legislature and by that body again
submitted to a vote of the people, The
The present measure was prepared
with great care by a special commitee
acting in conference with other mem
bers of the bar, and with the judges.
In oar opinion it is in every respect
satisfactory. We commend it to you
accordingly, and bespeak your aid in
its adoption. _ . -
W. S. GOODFELLOW,
Charles W. Slack,
W. B. Treadwell,
Warren Gregory,
Warren Olney, Jr.,
Joseph S. Tobin,
Garret W. McEnerney,
Committee.
Dated, San Francisco, August 11,
The one-crop system of farming in
California will soon be a thing of the
past. The broad-spreading fJe!<Js of
wheat, covering thousands of acres,
will soon disappear, the , big grants
will be cut up and sold in small par
cels and I diversified farming, with
many homes, school houses and small
villages will take the place of the big
grain fields and the bunk houses and
sheds.
The conservation of floodwaters be
hind big dams in storage reservoirs
will prevent in a large measure rag
ing rivers that burst their levees and
inundate the land adjoining them, and
irrigation will double and quadruple
the production of the lands of the two
big valleys. When that day comes,
cows and sheep and pigs will be seen
on many a farm that never knew
them before. Poultry will be raised
and the farmer who went to the
village formerly with nothing in his
wagon to sell at the store or market,
will, in that day, take eggs and chick
ens alive or dressed atift will bring
home his weekly lot of groceries and
other things bought with their pro
ceeds, instead of getting them on
credit and waiting till his wheat crop
is harvested and sold.
.Diversified farming in the East is
what has, when united with judgment
and system, made the Eastern farmer
independent and prosperous. It gave
him a few sheep that cost him little
or nothing to raise, but brought him
a few dollars, and some fresh mutton
occasionally; a. few hpgs wh.tch were
fed on the' bu^ermjlk or sliim milk
and swill and fastened with the
'nubbins" from the cornfield, filling
his barrel with pork and his smoke
house with hams, shoulders and
bacon; an animal to kill for beef each
Fall that had. i*lso been corn-fed;
plenty of ducks, chickens and turkeys
that brought him eggs the year round
that paid most of the grocery bill and
that brought good prices at Thanks
giving and Christmas time. He raised
his own vegetables and always had a
variety fresh for his table instead of
buying wilted stuff from a huckster's
wagon. He had plenty of fruit in
Rummer and plenty of apples and
cider in "Winder and/ as'fte' raised al
most everything he used cm his table,
strikes that sent up the price of meat
or made it scarce had few terrors for
him and he was as nearly independent
as man can \>e, /
At the State Fair the farmer can
learn much that will be of value to
him in relation to the various
branches of diversified farming,
whether of stock of all kinds, or of
vegetable products and the varieties
of grain best guided to his' soil, and
will fii,d plenty Pf exhibitors who will
gladly giye hj?n such information.
An Inhuman 'Wretch.
''I never saw such beautiful teeth and
magnificent eyes as that girl hae." said
the young man who raves.
"Indeed?" answered the cold blood
ed person.
"Didn't you notice them?"
"Certainly not. I am neither a den
tist nor an oculist."— Washington Star.
Pne of the many ttitncs children can
pot understand is why grown people
■pend so much time looking at booki
that have no pictures In them.— Atcht
•on, Globe. - '
•••••••••••••••••••••••••S3
: Mortimer :
• -^ The Painter •
• Is prepared to do all kinds of •
• House, Sign and Carriage •
• Painting. 3
• PAPER HANQING, ETC. •
• la rear of Bank • - Jackson, Cal. •
tttttttMttMt«M*Mt««««« '
f: We represent THE RED FRONT -*- °™ -^ '
:1 BtIWE imilS CO, \ m jacksgn's f§ READY IDE CLOTHES
|||ii| [CHEAPEST DRY GOODS STORE I|||§
HEADQUARTERS FOR GOOD CLOTHES
... - -i.V ■ ■■■-.*•'.- * ~ ▼ T
Ready made or made to order. Your dollar goes farthest here.
Trade with People that Do A a Word to the Wise is
...the Business... J: Enough......
V People who dropped in to see us ten years ajro, when we first started business in Jackson, are still \
-mth us. Watch, and.you will notice the same faces every day, year in and year out, frequent our store
Are these people fools? If they were dissatisfied with our treatment, do you think they would continu e :
trading with us? We are doing today the largest cash business in Jackson. Our popularity grows day
by day. Why? Because we believe in legitimate profits only. Because we believe in a strictly one price
system. We sell goods by their merits and not by the looks of people, nor by their financial standing
We give you value for the money. If a $12.50 suit is reduced to $9.65, that suit sells for $9.65, be he rich
or poor. When we get a stranger— a new customer— we do not "skin" him. With us it is "Once a Cus-
tomer, Always a Customer." Therefore we say to you. those who are in need of clothes:
Trade With People that Do the Business. * A Word to the Wise is Enough.
$12.50 Men's Suits $10.00 Men's Suits $7.50 Men's Suits
Reduced to $9.65 Reduced to $7.35 Reduced to $5.75
Equals $20 made to order suits. Cut Gray, salt and pepper figure: well As good as other stores will charge
stylishly; fancy stripes; all colors. tailored; perfect fitting. • you 810.00 for.
; —SHOES— SHOES— SHOES — — £f|
$2.50 Men's U. S. Men's Dress Shoes The Orthopedic $3.50
Army Shoes $1.75 $2.50 Shoes
A lucky buy was the cause of this Vici kid; latest shapes; good fitting; Beats any other $5.00 shoe in the
big drop. equals any other $3.50 shoe. market. We carry them.
JOHN BANISTER.
An English Violinist Who Won Fame
In the Seventeenth Ccatnrr.
; Public concerts owe their direct en
couragement to John Banister, who
had won fame by bis playing on the
violin and who succeeded the cele
brated Baltzar as leader of Charles ll.'s
band of twenty-four violins. Pepys, In
an entry in his diary for February,
1667, tells us the court gossip of the
flay— "how the king's viallin Banister
is mad that the king bath a French
man come to be chief of some part of
the king's muslque."
Banister's concerts at the close of the
year 1672 were advertised in the Lon
don Guzette as follows: "These are to
give notice that at Mr. John Banister's
house (now called the Mustek School),
over against the George tavern in
White Fryers, the present Monday will
be musick performed by excellent mas
ters, beginning precisely at 4 of the
clock in the afternoon, and every after
noon for the future precisely at the
same hour."
Four years later on we read again:
"At the Academy in Little Lincoln's
Inn Fields will begin the first part of
the Parley of Instruments, composed
by Mr. John Banister." The admission
wns at this time as a rule a shilling,
and these concerts seem, to have been
held pretty regularly down to within a
short time of Banister's death, which
took plnce In 1670.— Chambers' Journal.
BIRTH OF THE BUS.
This Class of Vehicle First Appeared
In Paris In 1663!,
The omnibus appeared in Paris in
ICO2 ns a 'Vnrrosse a cinq sous" (coach
for twopence halfpenny), by authority
of Louis XIV., under the management
of rnscal, the mystic and philosopher.
Whether this eminent thinker originate
etl tlm idea is uot clear, but there is no
doubt that hts influence assisted In the
establishment of the service under the
auspices of a royal decree.
Later on these earliest omnibuses
ceased to ran owing to lack of support,
and did not reappear in Paris until
1827. when Lafltte, the banker, who
wns among the largest proprietors,
was credited with originating the re
vived service.
The new coaches started to ply In
London ou July 4, 1820, when the first
one left Taddlngton for the Bank oj
England, and another ran from the
bank to the Yprkshlre Stingo, New
road. These flrat British busses wert
known from the man who organized
them as "Shlllibeerß," and the conduc
tors of the first two are said to have
been tho sons of British naval officers.
Three horses drew them, and they car
ried twenty-two passengers, all inside.
—London Standard.
We like best to call
SCOH'S EMULSION
a food because it stands so em-
phatically for perfect nutrition.
And yet in the matter of restor-
ing appetite, of giving new
strength to the tissues, especially
to the nerves, its action is that
of a medicine.
Send for free sample.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists,
409-415 Pearl Street, New York.
loc. and 11 1 .00 ; all druggists.
UNION HOUSE
I | Jackson,
• ■ •
• Amador Co.
Meals to Order at all Hours
— --REGULAR MEALS 26 CTS-
Board and Lodging by the Day,
Week or Month.
Frank Simcich • •!•»• • Prop
HATS OF BTRAW.
China Gets the Credit For Having
First Made Them.
The earliest makers of straw hats
were unquestionably the Chinese.
Their work was by no. means rough
In character, but plaited and sewn to
gether with considerable skill, as may
be seen today in the neighborhood of
Canton.
In Europe hats were first made in
Paris by a Swiss so early as 1404, and
we find mentioned among the entries
of an Inventory of the effects of Sir
John Fastolfe, 1450, "four strawen
hattes," showing them to have been
great rarities. ■ Coryatt mentions them
as worn in Provence, with a hundred
.seems, lined with sliver and curiously
worked.
Tuscany, with Leghorn as a center,
took up the work early In the fifteenth
century and has maintained it with
considerable skill ever since. Bedford
shire, with Dunstable and Luton as
centers, has been the headquarters of
the industry in England ever since the
early part of the seventeenth century.
—London Mall.
A Story ot Mutt Carpenter.
Matt Carpenter, the . famous Wis
consin senator, was pleading a case be
fore the supreme court. Before he had
got half through with his argument the
judges had made np their minds that
his case was without merit, and, more
over, that he was unprepared. When
he finished his argument and counsel
for the other side got up to reply, the
judges whispered to each other, nodded
and then the chief justice said, "I don't
think it will be necessary to bear from
you, sir." Carpenter's opponent was
deaf, and he could only tell that the
Chief justice was addressing him. He
turned to Carpenter for aid. "What
did the chief justice say, Matt?" he
whispered. "He said he'd rather give
you the case than listen to you," Car
penter bawled in his ear. 
The Wrong Department.
A prominent physician tells this story
at the expense of the modern craze for
specialization In the medical profes
sion: A poor woman from the east side
of New York went to a nearby dispen
sary to ask aid for her little son, who
had .had one of hla fingers smashed
by a baseball bat. At the first room
where she applied she was told by a
curt attendant that the boy could not
be treated there.
"Wrong place," he explained. "This Is
the eye and ear department."
"Vere is der thumb und finger depart
ment?" Inquired the woman simply.—
Harper's Weekly.
Her Highest Compliment.
"What did you think of my speech?"
asked the orator.
"It was beautiful," eald the young
woman. "It made me think of my
commencement essay." — Washington
Star.
It Is too bad that there isn't some
way for always having a girl baby
Just three yean old In tb« family.—
Atchleon Globe. - .
Had Tried Electricity.
A New York senator relates that he
was riding In a car next to a motherly
old lady, who asked him a question.
He answered, but found the old lady
very deaf. He repeated his answer in
a shout, and conversation was thus es
tablished. "You are very deaf, aren't
you, madam?" bellowed the senator.
"I am so," she replied, "and haven't
been able to do a thing for it." • > .
"Have you ever tried electricity?"
asked the senator.
"Yes," she said, nodding vigorously.
"I was struck by lightning last sum
mer."
An HL Wealth Grew.
Ascum — Have you seen anything of
Jiggins lately?
Dr. Swellman— Yes, I just prescribed
a trip to Europe for him this morning.
Ascum — Indeed? He's getting
wealthy, Isn't he? .
Dr. Swellman— Well, I can remember
when I used to prescribe for him sim
ply a dose of sodium bromide for the
wm« eo.n>BMn>— PbUa.dsljabia.Piress.
Ten Cents Per Copy,
CHURCH ALES.
An Old English Custom That Waa
Suppressed In 1603.
From almost the earliest times . In ;
England "church ales" were often giv-'.
en in a building adjoining any church,
where were a hearth of good compass .
and a stout oaken table upon which
the "ale" and viands were set forth.
The founder of the feast gave his best
brew and was content to receive mon
ey in exchange, the spirit animating
these quasi religious symposia being
akin to that which obtains at the mod
ern charity bazaar— that is to say, all
who attended were prepared to pay lib
erally or even dearly for their fare.
Thus the man who had lost his mon
ey and was "down on his luck" would
give a "bid (begging) ale" that, if he
was popular, might suffice to set him
on his feet again. The more romantic
"bride ale" assisted penurious young
couples into housekeeping, while a pro
saic "Whltsun ale" was furnished by,
churchwardens, who used, to raise'
money for the poor, for church repairs
or other pressing cause, the malt pre
viously presented to them and stored!
in the tithe barns.
Dancing was indulged in at such
"church ales," and if the season werei
propitious an adjournment might be
made, to an adjacent meadow, ; where
archery, quintain and other diversions
would ensue. But excesses became
more and more frequent, so that tri -
1603 "church ales" were summarily
suppressed. X^
The Juvenile Japanese.
There are no children in Japan. They
are dignified burlesques on the grown
ups. The little girls of the family take
care of the babies by having them
strapped to their backs. Nearly every,
maid of five or six has a baby tied to
her back, and perhaps that accounts
for the bent back and tottering gait of
the Japanese woman. Though one
never hears a Jap baby cry, if one be
gins to make a mouth and wrinkle ur
its funny little face, its child mother
quiets it by raising her body on her
toes and heels as fast as she can, and
placidity reigns in short order. A man
would feel like a fool quoting "Mother
Goose" to a Japanese child or trying
to amnse it as one does our children.
As for chucking one under the chin,
that's unthinkable.
.
LILIES OF HEALTH AND BEAUTY.
In a recent interview with Mrs. Lily
langtry, she very wisely, said :
"The fact that I believe in the superior
force of mind over matter does not blind
me to the truth that the foundation of every
successful life is good health; that the key-
Btone to physical beauty is perfect physical
health. . -
"A sick woman cannot be a beautiful
woman, nor can she be anything but what
we English call a poor-spirited woman.
"To a great extent a woman's beauty it
measured by her vjtality — by her health.
"Work, Sunshine, Exercise, Water and
Soap, Plain, Nourishing Food, Lots of
Fresh Air, and a Happy, Contented Spirit
— there, as you say, 'honest and true,' is
my working rule for youth, yonthful spirits
and youthfullooks."
One great secret of youth and beauty for
the young woman or the. mother is the
proper understanding of her womanly sys-
tem and well-being. Every woman, young
or old, should know herself and her phys-
ical make-up. A good way to arrive at this
knowledge is to get a good doctor book,
such for instance as "The People's Common
Sense Medical Adviser," by R. V. Pierce,
M. D., which can readily be procured by
sending twenty -one cents in one -cent
stamps for paper-bouttd volume, or thirty-
one cents for cloth-bound, copy, and ad-
dressing Dr. R. V. Pierce, "Buffalo, N. Y.
"Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription can always
be relied upon to cure when everything else
foils." writes Mrs. Dr. Nielsen, of 4302 Laneley
Avenue. Chicago, Ills. "It is a certain cure for
female troubles, diseases in their worst forms.
I suffered for years with ulceration, intense
pains and a dreadful backache, which unfitted
me for my work. Finally I grew so ill had to
keep to my bed. In this extremity I used ' Fa-
vorite Prescription ' for three months and then
I was well. Only those who have passed
through such a siege of sickness as I have will
understand how much I value Dr. Merce's Fa-
vorite Prescription."
Dr. Pierce offers $500 reward for any case
of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolap-
sus, or Falling of Womb which he cannot
cure. All he asks is a fair and reasonable
trial of his means of cure. No suhstitnta
for "Favorite Prescription" offers so tuaci^THE AMADOR LEDGER
Published Fridays by
Amador County Publishing Co.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One year (in advance.. $2 50
One year (if not in advance) 3 00
Six months 1 25
Three months 75
One or more copies, each 10
illegal advertising — per sqr.-lst insertion. $1 00
Subsequent Insertions— per square-each . . 50
ENTEBED AT TBE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS
SECOND-CLASS MATTER.
THTQ PAPER is kept on file at E. C.
lnld rArEK DAKE'S Advertising
Agency, 124 Sansome St , San Francisco, Cali
fornia, where contracts (or advertising can be
made for it.
R. WEBB - - - - Editor and Manager
FRIDAY .AUGUST 19, 1904
REPUBLICAN LOCAL OUTLOOK.
* The political outlook from both a
republican and democratic stand
point, so far as Amador county is
concerned, is more complicated than
for several years past. From the
returns of the last general election
the republicans have an average
margin of 150 votes over the demo
crats. Pardee's majority was below
the average, being 86; Lane, the
democratic ■■notninee for governor,
was about 100 votes stronger than his
party in this county. Every man on
the republican state ticket carried
the county by a substantial major
ity^ Indeed 86 for Pardee was the
lowest majority on the stale and con
gressional tickets." Curry, for secre
tary of state, received 309 majority
in the county. On clear-cut party
lines between republicans and demo
crats, it may be safely calculated
that the republicans have 150 votes
more than their opponents. This
year the possible injection of the
labor organization into politics may
disturb these figures. To what ex
tent this disturbing factor • may
break into the old party ranks can
not be foreseen, and it is useless to
speculate upon such a proposition.
While the republicans as far as
the state and congressional tickets
are concerned made an excellent
showing, rolling up a substantial
majority for every candidate, when
the field of local candidates comes
under investigation the result is
very disappointing. Amador coun
ty republicans can vote well for out
siders, but for members of their own
party running for local or state
offices they have not made a corres
pondingly satisfactory showing.
Only three local meu secured a ma
jority. McKenney for assembly
man by 77, T. K. Norman for sheriff
by 223, and J. Marchant by 815
votes. The rest of the official plums
were given to the democrats by de
cisive majorities. It is well for re
publicans to ponder over this mat
ter; find out the causes which have
contributed to this wholesale • deser
tion of local candidates by republi
cans, and apply the remedy, if a
remedy^ is possible. The logic of the
facts stated is that republicans have
faith in the national and state man
agement of the party, and the candi
dates presented — confidence enough
to vote tbe ticket — but local issues
and candidates do not come up to
the notion of tbe rank and file to
carry them to victory. It is un
questionably true that republicans
as a rule pay more regard to national
and state politics, while the demo
crats are more concerned to secure
the local offices. It is on national
issues that party principles are
pressed to the front, and control the
actions of the voters. In county
affairs the personnel' of the candi
date is often the potent factor, and
party allegiance is relegated to the
background. That is to say, it
takes less ground to alienate repub
lican support from a candidate for a
local office than for a state or nation
al office. It must not be inferred,
however, that even in local affairs
republicans are disposed to act ar
bitrarily, and scratch their ticket
merely for the sake of scratching.
The Ledger is not an advocate of
blind adherence to party ticket. If
an unfit man is put up for office, it
is a duty a man owes to himself and
the cause of good government to
vote against him. This sort of inde
pendence is too sacred and vital to
the welfare of the community to ad
mit of discussion. Loyalty to party
must be subordinate to loyalty to
country and home interests. But
when candidates against whose char
acter and fitness nothing can be said
are scratched, the effect is demora
lizing in the extreme. It is this ten
dency that is discouraging, and the
cause of it must be removed ere we
can hope to succeed to the extent
warranted by our numerical superi
ority. It is the duty of those elect
ed on the republican ticket to stand
by those who helped to elect them.
If they do not do this they forfeit all
claim to support as party men. The
idea of casting aside those whose
fealty has been proven, and reach
ing out, by the disposal of patron
age, to those who have not support
ed them, in the belief that such a
course is calculated to gather votes,
is vicious and cannot be upheld by
any right-thinking man. The trouble
with the republicans of Amador
county is there has been too much
of the hob-nobbing spirit manifested
toward democracy. In some quar
ters the true republican ring is lack
ing in the political make-up. There
is too much of the mug-wump, half
way spirit. Some imagine that a
combination with democratic office
holders, a sort of republican-demo
cratic brotherhood for mutual pro
tection and benefit, is the road to
political advancement. They argue
that they will lose nothing of their
hold on republican, voters by such
training in the opposition camp,
while at the same time they will
make themselves invulnerable by
patronizing the other side. This
is a fatal mistake. No party de
serves success that adopts such a
course. As a party the republicans
of Amador do not approve of such
trimming. Nevertheless we have
suffered, and are still suffering from
such trimmers. The abuse must be
stopped. Members of a minority
party may find excuse for bidding
for outside support. They have to
break in on tlie other side to win.
But republicans in Amador county
have only to hold their party vote
in order to win. When voters have
confidence that candidates after
election will do the right thing, they
will be apt to stand up to the party
ticket, and not till then.
PROMISES KEPT.
( From The Philadelphia Inquirer. )
"We have made the deed square
with the word," said President
Roosevelt, in accepting the nomina
tion officially tendered him by Speak
er Cannon. -;': -./
That is another way of saying that
the Republican party has kept its
promises to the people.
Is not the country contented under
Roosevelt?
The gold standand has been main
tained and made a fixture, so that
even Judge Parker, who twice sup
ported and voted for the party and
candidate of free silver, acknowl
edges it.
Business interests have been
strictly guardhd from all disturbing
influences, so far as Republican
Congress and a careful administra
tion could do so.
Steps have been taken to put an
end to criminal combinations de
signed to restrain trade.
In foreign affairs there has been a
steady insistence for open ports in
the Far East to commerce. Ameri
can citizens have been protected in
their rights. There have been no
dangerous foreign entanglements.
On the contrary, tbe administra
tion's policy, while it has been pos
itive, has made for peace. The . re-,
suit is that the American nation is
respected everywhere.
This being the case, how can the
party of the opposition hope to carry
tbe country under no better plea
than that a charge of administra
tion is desirable.
GET REGISTERED.
We again call the attention of re
publican voters to the necessity of
getting registered at once. Remem
ber that in order to vote at the
forthcoming presidential election,
every citizen must be re-registered.
In conformity with a law passed
several'years ago, a new registration
of voters is required for every gen
eral election. The county clerk is
now engaged in this work.. Regis
tration will close September 28th,
forty days before the election: The
work is proceeding slowly. There is
a backwardness, not unusual in the
early part of all campaigns, mani
fested by' citizens on this subject.
They are apt to put it off from time
to time, arguing that there is ample
time yet to attend to this duty. By
this sort of procrastination more or
less votes are lost every election.
We urge upon every unregistered
republican to see to it that he reg
isters the first time he visits Jack
son, or any other town where a
deputy clerk is authorized to per
form this work. California is firmly
planted in the republican column,
but it can only be kept there by due
diligence ot republicans in getting in
line to exercise their rights as citi
zens. Besides there are important
state and local issues iuvolved in the
coming contest at the ballot box. It
behooves every patriotic citizen to
realize that the duty devolves upon
him as an individual to do his part
in behalf of good government, in
nation, state and county, by the
conscientious exercise of his priv
ileges as a voter.
BRYAN'S VIEW OF NOMINATION.
I have nothing to take back, I have
nothing to withdraw of the things
that I have said against the methods
pursued to advance his candidacy.
It was a plain and deliberate attempt
to deceive the party. The New
York platform was vague and pur
posely so, because the advocates of
Judge Parker were trying to secure
votes from among' the people who
would have opposed his views had
they known them. * * * The
nomination was secured, therefore,
by crooked and indefensible
methods. — William Jennings Bryan.
The Republican party meets live
issues; the democratic party dodges
them.
The chief plank in every Demo
cratic platform is a confession that
the party . was wrong in the last
campaign.
The fact remains that Bryan
fought for his colors at St. Louis,
while Dave Hill sought to gold- brick
the delegates.
Democrats assert that the Chicago
convention was cut and dried. Yes,
but tbe cutting and drying was done
by tbe people and not in the back
room of August Belmont's Wall
street office.
Yon Know What Too Are Taking
When you take .Grove's Tasteless
Chill Tonic because the formula is
plainly printed on every bottle showing
that it is simply Iron and Quinine in a
tasteless form. No Cure, No Pay. 50c
THE \MADOB LEDGER: JACKSOK, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, ATTGrUST 19, 1904.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Sour
Stomach
No appetite, loss of strength, nervous-
ness, headache, constipation, bad breath,
general debility, sour risings, and catarrh
of the stomach are all due to indigestion.
Kodol cures indigestion. This new discov-
ery represents the natural juices of diges-
tion as they exist in a healthy stomach,
combined with the greatest known tonlo
and reconstructive properties. Kodol Dys-
pepsia Cure does not only cure indigestion
and dyspepsia, but this famous remedy
cures all stomach troubles by cleansing,
purifying, sweetening and strengthening
the mucous membranes lining the stomach.
Mr. S. S. Ball, of Ravenswood. W, Va., says:—
" I was troubled with sour stomach for twenty years.
Kodol cured ma and we are now using it In milk
forbaby."
Kodol Digests What You Eat
Bottles only. $ 1.00 Size holding 2'A times ths trial
size, which sells for 50 cents.
Prepared by E. O. DeWITT & CO., OHIOAQO.
Kerr's Pharmacy, Jackson.
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
t..,-\ '■:■::■ '■;-:•■■■, \-f.
(The following instruments have been filed
for record In the recorder's office since our last
report. We publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to accede to
any request to suppress any document from
these columns. Don't ask us to do so.]
DEEDS.
Harding Vanderpool and wife to
Benjamin F. Antrim — 5 acres near
Spring Valley school lot, -also strip 2
rods wide on north side of school lot;
$50..
M. E. Muldoon to Fortunate Foletta,
two and fourteen-hundreths acres,
being Acme Consolidated quartz mine;
$50.. : ■ •
J.. M. Hanford to C. R. Downs-
Downs No. 2 mine, Volcano district;
$10.
C. D. Lane to Anna C. Lane—South
erliind. Simpson and Aden, Phoenix
mill site, and quartz mill, Oaks mine,
Phoenix . East mine, Twenty-second
gravel mine, also rights of way. etc.,
Plymouth district; $10.
R. S. Glasscock to lone "and Eastern
Railroad Company—Right of way; $10.
Joseph Miller and wife to same —
Right of way; $10.
William H. Lane to same—Right of
way; $10.
August Dufrene and wife to same-
Right of way; $10. .- •. ; .', •'
Josias Winter to same — Right •of
way; $10.
J. Marchant to same—Right of way;
$10.
J. Muldoon to same—Right of wav:
$10.
Joseph Dufrene to same — Right of
way; $10.
J. K. Schenck to Sutter Creek Gold
Company—Summit quartz mine, Vol
cano district; $10.
H. B. Schenck to Sutter Creek Gold
Company—Kaybe quartz claim, Vol
cano district; $10.
Agusta F. Fleming to W. F. Mc-
Laughlin —Part of lot 17, block/3,
Amador City; $10.
A. G. Miller to Klamath Consolidated
Hydraulic Gold Mining Co.: $10,
T. K. Pawling, Judge, to Thomas
Kerr—Lot 25, block 2, Amador City;
$19.10.
MORTGAGES.
I. W. Heile to E. S. Potter—Chattel
mortgage of horse known as Charty;
$185.50, 7 per cent.
Start an Herb Garden
Fortunes in GINSENG, GOLDEN SEAL and
SENEGA, all valuable medical plants. Easily
grown and hardy throughout the U. S. Always
a ready market and demand increasing. Room
in your garden to grow thousands of dollars'
worth. We sell roots and seed. Plant in fall.
Booklet and magazine telling all about it io.
Write today. ■ OZARK GINSENG CO.
Dep'JW, Joplln. Mo.
Card of Thanks.
The undersigned desire to express
their heartfelt thanks to the choir and
all kind friends who rendered assist
ance and sympathy at the' funeral ser
vices of their wife and sister, Mrs.
Alice Stewart.
Chas. K. Stewart.
Mrs. H. Learn.
Lewis, William and
Cleveland Jones.
Jackson, Aug. 14, 1901. .
American Legion of Honor in Diffictlty.
Boston, August 13.— Henry A.
Wynian has been appointed permanent
receiver of the Supreme Council of the
American Legion of Honor, a benefici
ary organization, with headquarters in
this city. The Insurance Commis
sioners claimed that the condition of
the organization was such as to render
its continuance hazardous to the public.
—San Francisco Chronicle.
A Perfect Painless Pill
.. .
is one that will cleanse the system,
set the liver to action, remove the bile,
clear the complexion, cure headache
and leave a good taste in the mouth.
The famous little pill for doing such
work pleasantly and effectually are De-
Witt's Little Early Risers. Bob
Moore, of Lafayette, Ind., says: "All
athor pills I have used gripe and sick
3n, while DeWitt's Little Early Ris
jra are simply perfect. " Sold by City
Pharmacy.
Lodger and Weekly Chicago Inter-
Ocean $2.50 a year.
HI I f\t I n Cattle can be prevented.
11l A I II CUTrERS BLACK LEG VACCINE,
111 111 II California's favorite, the most suc-
1/1141 II cessful, easiest used and lowest
™" ■ "■ ■ priced reliable vaccine made.
■ — -~— Powder.stringorpiil form. Write
B B^B* for free Black Leg booklet.
VL UrnU m THE CUTTER LABORATORY
llr HQ San Francisco
61. B I If your drugpist does not stock our
HJ&^p vaccines, order direct from us.
No Hunting Allowed.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
hunting and shooting on the ranch of tbe
undersigned, near Lancha Plana, Is strictly
prohibited. All persons found trespassing or
bunting will be dealt with according to law.
Keep off the premises and .save trouble.
J. MOORE,
August 17, 1904. Lancha Plana, Cal.
CAMPANELU & OBERT
DEALERS IN
GROCERIES,
DRY GOODS.
BOOTS & SHOES,
GENTS' FURNISHINGS
■ ,
Old friends are always welcome. New
ones likewise.
A Bar in connection, the appointments of which
are unsurpassed in Calareras county. Give
us a call and we will treat you right.
PALOMA ■ - - CAL.
EOR SALE— I6O acres of land withiti 5 miles
of Sutter Creek. Good spring; between
two and three thousand good mining timbers,
beside 600 cords of. four-foot wood on place.
Price ?750. Inquire at the Ledger office.
From the Mountains.
Camp Roosevelt. August 9.
Travel to the high altitudes cf- the
Sierras has been light so far. Fishing
has been good, in a great measure as
the result of light travel. ■ '■" ' \~.
There are three camps at Silver lake.
Mrs. E. Richards and three children of
Sutter Creek are camping at. Plasse's.
visiting with her father, Francis Le
doux, at Silver lake,
Stevens and McKinney have added a
dining room to the store and have two
commodious tents, called the Wayside
Inn.
At Kirkwoods the four camps of six
tents consist of two of the Ve;la boys
of Jackson, J. Lima of Bulte, And W.
Fullenof MarteU's station; Mr. and
Mrs. Duniin and daughter of San Fran
cisco, Violet Fleming, Victoria Flem
ing, Rob and Harvey Fleming nf New
York Ranch, Mr. and Mrs. J. Clawsloy,
two sons and one daughter, Miss Daisy
Peary and brother of Stockton, E. S.
Pitois and three children of Jackson.-
. At Kirk wood's hotel there are Ed.
.Kelley and Walter Taylor of Jacksori, :
N. Smith and' S. Parker of Michigan
Bar, J : . Pendola of Jackson Gate, -M.
Jonas and C. Wood hull of Sutter'Creek,
Mr. and Mrs. E. Cramer' of Stockton,
(Mr. Cramer is a partner in the marble
and stone works of 'Stockton.) '""
■A large band of Indiana from Carson
Valley are camping here, and .fishing.'
Someone has to stay in camp .all 'the
time for fear of depredations. ■ >!.<>'* ; =
Mrs. Kirk wood ha 3. had a .very ar
tistic and substantial porch built io
front of the hotel proper; also a com
modious and. convenient barn, 36x50
feet in size. The work was done by
John Hageman and George Entield.
Walking down to the soda spring at
Kirkwoods is quite a fad this year. -
.W. Richards, Gene Ledoux, Vie
Sauguinettiand J. Moon are the latest
arrivals at the Plasse dairy. ;;:..- ; :- ; -
As the dancing element at Kirk
wood's was likely to leave by the loth
a dance was held the night before.
Those who participated were: Mr 9.
E. Cramer, E. Cramer, A. Dornin,
Misses M. Caple, E. Eldrige, Alva
Kirk wood, Vie and Violet Fleming,
Irma Cramer, Alice Dornin, Violet
Pitois,. Messrs. Mugford, Murray,.
Gray, Fleming, Cronin, N. Ferrari,
Jack and Joe Lima, W. Fullen, W.
Kirkwood, Dornin and Ed. Casey.
Music for the occasion was furnished
by E. S. Pitois, The calling by J,
Dornin was the feature of the evening.
Last night all the campers and guests
at the hotel gathered at Dornin 's camp
to the number of 27, and were enter
tained for ■ an hour or so by Bert
Clawsley with his phonograph, singing
and conversation, ably helping to fill
out the 2J hours spent there. Mr.
Dornin is agent for the Home Mutual
Insurance Co. Chipmunk.
$100 Reward, i $100.
The readers of this paper will be
pleased to learn that there is at least
one dreaded disease that science has
been able to cure in all its stages and
that is Catarrah. Hall's Catarrah Cure
is the only positive cure now known to
the medical fraternity. Catarrah be
ing a constitutional disease, requires a'
constitutional treatment. Hall's Catar
rah Cure is taken, internally, acting
directly upon ' the blood and mucous
surface of the system,' thereby destroy
ing the foundation of the disease, and
and giving the patient strength by
building up the constitutional and as
sisting nature in doing its work. The
proprietors have so much faith in its
curative powers, that they offer one
Hundred Dollars for any case, it fails to
cure. Send for list of testimonials.
Address. P. J. Cheney & Co.,
Toledo, O.
Sold by druggists, 7.5 c.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
For Sale.
The Sobey property on Broadway,
consisting of two dwelling houses, a
large barn, and other outbuildings."
'For particulars apply to ' ' ■ '"
7-14 Mrs. Wm. Trevaskis.
Lame horses never limp after Costa
shoes them. • ...
TO MEN^^-.
If you are suffering, and will send us a des-
cription of your case stating age. occupation,
and the cause (if known) of your -trouble we
will mail to you, absolutely FREE, in plain
package, one week's treatment of our MAN-
HOOD CONES -especially prepared. This is a
straightforward offer; no C. O. D. or other
deceptive proposition. Life's energy is in the
CONE. THE SATISFACTION COMPANY,
305 Kearny St., San Francisco. augl9-tf
Notice, of Assessment.
CONSOLIDATED WIDE-AWAKE MINING AND
MILLING COMPANY.
Location of principal place of business, Jack-
son, Amador county, California.
Location of works. Railroad Flat Mining Dis-
trict, Calaveras county, California.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
a regular meeting of the Board of Direct-
ors, held on the sth day of August, A. D. 1904, an
assessment of one cent (lc) per share was lev-
ied upon- the subscribed capital stock of the
corporation, payable immediately in United
States coin, to the secretary of the said Com-
pany, at his office in the Marelia Building on
Summit street, in Jackson, Amador county.
California. . . -. !
Any stock upon which this assessment "Shall
remain unpaid on the 12th day of Septemtter
l«04, will be declared delinquent, and adver-
tised for sale at public auction, and unless pay-
ment is made before, will be sold on Monday,
the 3rd day of October. 1904, to pay the delin-
quent assessment, together with the cost of
advertising and expenses of sale.
By order of the Board of Directors.
JAS. JAY WRIGHT, Secretary. '
Office In the Marelia Building, on Summit
street, Jackson. Amador county, California.
Board of Education Meeting.
To Whom it Mat Concekn:—
There will be a regular meeting of the
Board of Education of Amador county, Satur-
day, August 27th, 1904, in the office of tbe Sup-
erintendent ot Common Schools at Jackson.
Tho regular . annual teachers examination
will commence upon Monday, August 29, 1904.
All meetings will open at 9 o'clock a. m.
Respectfully,
jlj29- SUPT. GEO. A. GORDON.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
• Poison Oak •
s Cured :
• Or your money back If it falls to cure •
• any case of POISOW OAK or POISON •
2 ITY within 5 days; return the bottle 2
• to the druggist and he will refund your •
• money. No grease or Salve to soil the •
J clothes but a pleasant palatable rein- J
• edy that will effectually drive the dis- *
• ease out of the system. Take no other •
2 until you have tried ] J
• Dr. Mason's Poison Oak Cure •
• ' For Sale by all Druggists. jel7 •
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ayer's
raarrwtt*— a— ■— — — ■— ■—— — —
Feed your hair; nourish it;
give it something to live on.
Then it will stop falling, and
will grow long and heavy.
Ayer's Hair Vigor is the only
Hair Vigor
hair food you can buy. For 60
years it has been doing just
what we claim it will do. It
will not disappoint you.
'• Mt tiair used to be very short. But after
using Ayer's Flair Vigor a short time It bewail
to grini. »i"l now it is fourteen indies lonf;.
Tills se.-v> :i sn'-iidid result to me after being
Almost uillimn ittty liair."
MRS. J. 11. I'ifer, Colorado Springs, Colo.
fl.oo a bottle. j. o. Ann ro..
AllttniKKlMs^^^ F/M* I-owell. Msm*.
Short Hair
SUPERIOR COURT.
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
'-• Estate of, C. W. Trotter—Will ad,
mitted to probate.' !
" Estate of W. L. Stephenson—Final,
account allowed as presented, and de
cree of distribution granted." • ■ V.
... Albina F. Dilion vs. T. B. Dillon—
. Interlocutory decree of divorce granted
on' the ground of vvilf ul neglect.
Estate and guardianship of G. Cleve
land Jones, a minor —Order made per
mitting gua'--I'a.n to withdraw certain
sum from 1u.....^ ■{ -state.
Estate of Thomas Conlon—Mrs. Ella
Conlon appointed administrator. '
J. Muldoon vs. W. H. Baughman. et
al—Trial had; no appearance on • part
of defendant. Judgment for plaintiff
for $386 as prayed for.
.■ E. A. Leigh vs. »Jas. McMahon —
Continued until August 20.
W, H. Willis vs. Newman Myles <fc
Co. —Set for trial September 16.
A Sweet Breath
•is never failing sign of a healthy
stomach. When the breath is bad' the
stomach is out of order. There is no
Eemedy in the world equal to Kodol
Dyspepsia Cure for curing indigestion,
dyspepsia and all stomach disorders.
Mrs. Mary S. Crick, of White Plains,
Ky.; writes: "I have been a dyspeptic
for-years; tried all kinds of remedies
but continued to grow worse. By the
use of Kodol I begin to improve atonce,
and after taking a few bottles am fully
restored in weight, health and strength
and can eat whatever I like." Kodol
digests what you eat and makes the
stomach sweet. ' Sold by City Phar
macy.- '■ ; •
,: Olives, salami, swiss. limburger
Martin's cream and California cheese
at Nettles' Mkt. '.'■'&
BORN.
CASILEGO— In Jackson, August 16, 1904, to the
j wife of Seraßno Casilego, a son,
QUINN— In Jackson, August 16, 1904, to the
..wife of Michael Quinn, twin daughters.
.''l"' ' ..' . MARRIED.
CROCKER— DeVALLE— In San Francisco,
?, 1904, Theodore Crocker of Jackson,
' - to Miss Jose DeValle of San Francisco. :'- ■>.
:■' ■ ■ ' DIED. ~ ~
STEWART— In San Francisco, August 12,' 1904,
Mrs. Alice Stewart, a native of Amador
county, aged 34 years and 7 months.
MONTEVERDI-ln the county hospital, Aug-
. ;ust 5,. 1904, John Monteverdi, a native of Italy,
aged 60 years.
SANTO— In Amador City, August 10,' 1904,
.^Francisco Santo, aged 31 years.
SUGAR
M In or4er to IntatfW mv Qua lit*
■ I ?'o««rU«w« *«Tm»« « lay Ml
■ tomllT on« erd*| el oar f ■■clal
He«m6ln f ll ? fi ft*. «o (o! ii.ia.
W»p»y th««xprcilorfrtifh(.
Mlbi. bait drtnnUtf* Oka*
or M 1,,,.™.,., 1.11
s in- Unit sHi£«Uiik irSiKit
ii>u« Mt •rtffl»\ fa B.M
8 18§. KooSV M 4 J»t» OoftVi,
nut or nriaC aiMMMtr. t»
6fb§. muf* IftllH POWdtr,
Kutofn • I Or«(K' r ....,_ „.. ljy
Itft
Intuit Oimsl«d-Mn«r Suk. trial
H •<»»>« of. «j't.» «. Ill* trf.. . ,
~ B SMITHS' CASH BTMC. h»c.
■ 25 Market Street, iAN FftIHOISCO
' " —ESTABLISHED 1864—
Monuments.....
and Copings
•; Qf-any size and style, furniehed
*.. promptly and at . ;
REDUCED RATES
The Polishing Plant is now operated
by Electricity. .
Calt-onor'addreßa DAVID GRIFFITH
Penryn Granite Works, Penryn, Cal.
...... • je!7 - ..,■-..
lIA. J. SHOW » SUTTER CREEKIi
\* Q' I ' Are Uio be.^t. and why? Because ffcs^ l^'^'X *M 5
s## ,/|\ /gs— — i*"they are direct from the FACTORIES, '^^Pl^m^^iL \* 2
ffe I 1 •$ ;t; t and every pair is made of first quality 'S. (j|
J^ • !ra rJg prryr3 c^ ; stock. We save our customers the """^^^^asas^ 51
■ C~jf / s3^ ' I **5 w ' lo ' esa^ e profits and give it to the consumer. Therefore we S
~ """"^^SHi do the shoe business of the county. Our goods are always fresh S
3 . and new. We have no old, shelf-worn stock. We guarantee all our goods.
2 1 SHOW'S CASH STORE, SUTTER CREEK] 1
LIVE BUSINESS HOUSES.
- -
- A clear head is sought b y
-- every leader of bnsiness or social
affairs, and a -
sweet breath adds to the
satisfaction of intimate acquaint-
■"/■„■;. ' • ance ; to own a ■ '-\; ■.■ .■-« : -- •'■-'
fine complexion non e
■will despise; yet only a clean
stomach secures dear head, sweet
breath and fine complexion
for every day; .»d,
clean stomach is secured by using
" SWEET sagrados " — nature's
laxative tablets— pleasant to take,
perfect in action; every dose v v -, /
leads to a cure. Put up only in
one style and one package, 24
■ doses 25 cents.
•-:'.'.'., SWEBT SAGRADOS COMPANY
W«W YORK— SAW *-*AHCISCO>,.'^?3
jidi Sweet Sagrados— Sold by
City Pharmacy - Robt. I. Kerr, Prop'r.
pINOCGHIO BRO'S. f
Hi v ~~ v ~'~ <^, DEALERS \H *^> |M
1 '^l General Merchandise |
HJ ®<& Groceries," Furnishing^ Goods, Shoes,, M
H 111 S| Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining
f| Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, g§
jm • •• :'■. • '.?' Grain, etc., etc. j||
HI Corner A(lain and Water St. ft
I JACKSON' - - -" CALIFORNIA 8
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••at**
• > McCALL J- t t ryr r • • % •
j^^ L. J. Glavinovich I
i LEADING GROCERY STORE j
• Cpls Groceries, Dry Goods, . •
J D - Furnishing Goods, Boots, •
5 a ••■ '■-'■ Shoes, : Toilet ' Articles,: :,, ; v . . •
J c -^ Hardware, Miners'" Sup- •
• . i plies, Hay, Grain, Etc. •
S Cor. Main & Court Streets *
t McCALL- •
• ta PTTKOI^" . . PAT •
. OJSXjJ\Z)VSS, -. - KjILIj. Bazaar Palterns\
GOLDQUfIRTZ _ T ■"£ 71™ HI WE
Bought by Pacific Refinery & Assay Office Returns
.-:;,. made same
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET „
! Specific ( Phone Bush 237 ) day as re-
i .:;,?.'> ' Near California, San Francisco. '■■ ■'.' -. : : '. '■■
, ■ ■ ceipii oi
'ftrovUvToct Bullion, Gold Dust, Quartz, Specimens, . x
gravity lest Piatioum, and an kinds of Gold consignment
I .' ■ and Silver bought.
| It Costs Money to Make Steam |
I! McDearmon & Cos. Asbestos Goods. |g
fcS-i : Such as Boiler & Pipe Coverings, Magnesia Coverings, Fire-Proof- ih;
isk ing Materials, Cold Storage Insulation, Brine «fr Ammonia Coy- |||
jr<j] erings, Packings & Gaskets, Keystone Building &• Deadening Felts, ras
HH . ',' .CATALOGUE, ESTIMATES & SAMPLES ON APPLICATION.
|i Garbarini Bros., Agents - • Jackson, Cal. M
CALL FOR
Republican Primaries
CONVENTION
ATA MEETING OF THE REPUBLICAN
County Central Committee, held in Jsck-
son August 2, 1904, it was ordered that the Ro-
subllcan County Convention be held in the
County Court House at Jackson, on
Saturday, August 20, 1904,
at 10 o'clock a. m., for the nomination of Super-
visors in Townships 1, 2 and 4 respectively,
election of seven delegates to State -»nd Dis-
trict Conventions of tho Republican party of
California regularly called by the State Cen
tral Committee of said party to meet at Santa
Cruz on August 25th. 19U4, and also for the se-
lection of a new County Central Committee •
and for such other business as may legally
or properly come before the convention.
Primaries for the election of delegates to said
Convention are hereby ordered to be
held throughout Amador County on
Saturday, August 13, 1004.
The basis of apportionment of delegates to
said County Convention, and upon whTch said
delegates are to be elected is : one delegate in
each precinct in the county for every 30 votes
cast for the Republican nominee for Governor
at the last general election.
This basis of apportionment will give the
following number of delegates to said county
convention to be elected from each precinct: -
North Jackson ' .. 4
South Jackson 4 .
East Jackson '4
West Jackson '.'."3
Center Jackson 4
Clinton • ..'.'.". ".'2
North 10ne...... 4
South lone r. 5
Buena Vista v ,.. ' "a
Lancha Plana 1
Volcano * . 4
Oleta : s
Pine Grove : /. 3
Antelope 2
East Sutter Creek.. '."4
West Sutter Creek s
South Sutter Creek '4
North Amador 3
South Amador %
North Plymouth ."!'"'s
South Plymouth 3
Drytown - "3
Forest Home '..."...'.'.'.t
Total 1 m
as said precincts were known and bounded at
the time of the general election in 1902.
The delegates elected to the State Conven-
tion shall also be delegates to the conventions
of Congressional and Assembly Districts of
which Amador County forms a part, and shall
be elected by the delegates to tbe Count; Con-
vention constituting the representatives of the
respective supervisor townships ot said County.
The basis of apportionment of said delegates
to State, Congressional and District Conven-
tions is as follows: One delegate for each
combination of precincts forming a supervisor
township in the county (or each 200 Totes cast
for the Republican nominee for Governor at the
general election held In November, 1902, and
one delegate for a majority fraction thereof.
This basis will give the following apportion-
ment: Township One, 2 delegates; Township
Two. 1 delegate; Township Three. 1 delegate;
Township Four, 2 delegates; Township Five,
1 delegate. Total, 7.
The election precincts, location ot polling
places, and names of Primary Election Officers
are as follows:
TOWNSHIP NO. ONE.
Jackson:— Polling place. Garbarini's Black-
smith Shop. Judge. B F.Taylor. Clerk, Frank
Duden. Inspector, Joe Garbarini. .
Clinton :— Polling plate, W. Hutchlns' house.
Judge, W. Hutchins. Clerk, Robt. Reed.
TOWNSHIP NO. TWO.
lone: — Polling place, Commercial Hotel,
ludge, John Robertson. Clerk, E. G. Woolsey.
Inspector, A. J. Maestretti.
Buena Vista:— Polling place, Norris' Hall.
Judge J. Sohn. Clerk, I. N. Chit wood Inspec-
tor, J. C. Norris.
Lancha Plana :— Polling place, Lancha Plana
Hall. Judge. Arthur Adams. Clerk, Joe Swass.
Inspector, Phil Sheridan.
TOWNSHIP NO. THREE. ',::; . : S.
Pine Grove:— Polling place, Pine Grove Hall.
Judge, O. Webster. Clerk, A . Adams, Inspec-
tor, Ed. Walker.
Volcano: — Polling place. Armory Hall.
Judge, Geo Miller. Clerk, J F. Clute. Inspec-
tor, W. Boydson.
Oleta:— Polling place, United States Hotel
Office. Judge, H. Schrader. Clerk, C Wilson.
Inspector, E. McCormick
Antelope:— Judge, F. M Whitmore. Clerk,
— . Camp. Inspector, L. McKenzie.
TOWNSHIP NO. FOUR.
Sutter Creek:— Polling place, Electric Light
House. Judge, L. Oettinger. Clerk, E. A.
Tibbetts. Inspector, Geo. Chisholm. -
Amador City:— Polling place, O'Nell's Hall.
Judge, Oscar Martin. Clerk, J. R. Tregloan.
TOWNSHIP NO. FIVE.
Plymouth.:— Judge, Geo. W. Easton. Clerk, I
C. H. Shields. Inspector, Dr. Tiffany. J
Drytown :— Polling place, Schoolhouse. Judge,
A. Me Wayne. Clerk, Ueo. Jennings. Inspec-
tor, E. S. Barney.
Forest Home:— Polling place, Forest Home
Hall. Judge, M. Hartigan. Clerk, J. McCulloh.
That the test to be required of every person
seeking to vote a Republican ballot at said pri-
mary, for said County Convention, shall be as
follows: A bona tide present intention of sup-
porting the nominees of the Republican party
at the next ensuing election.
■ ■ '■ ■ •* ■■' -J-- x
■ The Polls will be open from 6:30 o'clock p. m.
to 9 o'clock p, m. ; • -
Republicans are recommended to meet in
caucus in each of the various precincts on
-■-.■-.- ;.>;; ;■ , .;:,( .'♦
Thursday, August 11, 1904;
to nominate candidates as delegates to the
County Convention to be voted tor at the pri-
maries ( •■ -:: .
C. A. HERRICK.
Chairman County Central Committee.
A. M. GALL.
aus Secretary County Central Committee."
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this head, not exceed-
ing 5 lines, will be Inserted at 50n per month, or
5 cents per line for less than one month.
FOR SALE — Three 40-acre farms, 1 mile
from post office. Plenty ot wood and water
Terms reasonable. Inquire at Ledger office. -.
FOR SALE— A 35-acre gravel mine; a tun-
nel proposition. Thorough inspection de-
sired. Price reasonable. Inquire Ledger office
IVJ-OUNTAIN RANCH FOR SALE:-A trrtot
ill of 60 acres, situated one mile above Aque-
duct, with a six-room house thereon; also a
small barn; 20 acres cleared and fenced; quan-
tity of timber on the property. The place will
be sold at a bargain. For particulars apply to
tbe Ledger office. my22-tf
A LL kinds of Blanks for U. S. Land Filings—
•"■ Homestead, Timber and Mineral blanks —
may be bad at the Ledger ofllce; also deeds
mortgages, mining locations, proof of labor
and other legal blanks kept for sale.
RECEIPT BOOKS for rent or general pur-
poses, in books of 50 or 100 each, for sale at
the Ledger office. Specially printed for . for
dor county. 25c. per 100 receipts, 15c Am a 50
Vf INE SIGNALS, printed on cloth, and in
" 1 conformity with tbe provisions of the Cali-
fornia law, for sale at the Ledger office.
LAW BY MAIL — Legal opinions given on
any subject. One Dollar Ouh Only Pee.
Write us the facts in your case and we will
mail you the best legal advice Correspondence
cimtldei.tial References furnished and only
the best attorneys employed. Save this for
future reference. Send (1.00 money order when
writing. FIDELITY LAW BUREAU,
ap29 Chronicle Building, San Francisco.
i Jackson Marble Works :
* A. J. Franatovich Jr., Prop'r. J
| Works on Church Street, near •
} Tombstones. Monuments and all kinds *
I of Stone Cutting and Sculpture done. \ %
I Will furnish marble and granite of 2
I best quality, imported or native. •
, Cement or granite coping and all cem-' *
t etery work at lowest rates. %
l Satisfaction guaranteed both In work- 5
\ manshlp and price. Ulve.me n trial. Z
!tMoM*?t«ttt*«tttt m t«t'tttBRIEF LOCAL NEWS
OF THE WEEK
fcosta shoes just rteht. The old
nd. f %jssjfel§
I -"otter's is now the bargain store of
'ioneer Flour always has beeD
d still is toe best.
jemons, oranges, and bananas con
ntly on hand at Nettles' Mkt.
V fine assortment of caskets at
tter's the Plymouth undertaker.
Idaeer Flour is the "Lily of the
Uev." the "Pearl of Perfection.".;
f you want, a good harness at reasfln
le prices call at A. Basso's, Jackson,
r. F. Wilson, Dentist. Hours 9a. ro.
sp. m. Phone Main 404. Jackson,
jawyer John F.' Clute, of Volcano,
d business before the superior court
turday. •■ .
IJothing will please an invalid as well
a package of tho*e fancy cakes from
ttles' Mkt. """':.
I. Ritter, who has been druggist at
agnoll's drug store for several
nths, left yesterday morning,
'be Angels Camp and El Key baso
1 teams will, coo tost for supremacy
the Pletnlng diamond next Sunday,
sheriff Norman has been in the
inity of Reno, Nevada, for several
rs during the past week on official
'he baseball game at lone last Sun
s' between Burgin's nine of Jackson
1 the . lone's, resulted in a victory
the latter team with a score of 6 to 3.
t. Triggs, the shingle man, was in
m Saturday; looking after his busi
s ictore&ts. He finds a ready sale
shingles apd shakes at paying
ces.
V. E. Stewart went to Stockton and
er points early this week on busi
s touching thoßutte Basin gravel
le and other mining interests near
tteCity.
j. G. Keeney, . formerly •of Jackson,
t of Woodbridge, .has been spending
jw days in Jackson this week, the
*t of his daughter, Mrs. W. E.
it, and family.
f you are going fishing or hunting
I are afraid of Poison Oak, take a
eof Dr. Mason's Poison Oak Cure.
s a perfect preventative.
Vm. Chisholm, of the firm of Ram
otta & Chisholm, came in contact
b the ciroular.saw last week, and in
ed his arm near the elbow joint. He
ow filling the position as boss,
[umphrey Jones, of Sutter Creek,
le working. for Ramazzotta & Chis
m, at the Fremont mine, feil from a
ir on which he was standing and
ke both bones of the left-forearm.
Irs. Solari, of Mokelumne Hill,
!er of the Garbarini brothers of
kson, is reported to be seriously
. It was the intention to take her
ian Francisco for medical treatment
H. Thrasher, while trying to un-
I a large glass door at the M. E.
rch Wednesday, was struck on the
arm, cutting a nasty gash near the
it which compelled him to lay off
hile. No bones were broken.
emocratic primaries were held
jughout the county last Tuesday,
ire was no contest in Jackson. Only
w votes were polled. It is said that
n Strohm has given up the idea of
ng for. the nomination of supervisor,
that M. Newman will have no op
tion for re-nomination.
r. Frieman of Volcano, is making
mgements to start a sanitarium.
.b the advent of the railroad even
ar as the mineral belt the eastern
.ion of the county is expected to
ome a health resort. Volcano Is
H situated for a sanitarium. It is
Bed to have everything in operation
I the beginning- of next year.
Heorge Courtright on Wednesday
I Hugh t from his place on Stony .creek
Bro months old fawn, captured by
H nearly two months ago on his
Hch, and which has been a pet about
j premises ever. since. It is very
Hile and follows the members of the
Bily with all the- affection of a dog.
Bras brought to town as a curiosity,
B drew quite a crowd while here.
Btook it back to the raueh the same
Bishop J. W. Hamilton, D. D., L.
H)., one of the great leaders of the
Hhodist Episcopal church, will visit
gk son this week. The object of his
Hling is to dedicate the new Meth-
Bt church next Lord's day. He will
Bjipy the pulpit both morning and
■Ling. It will afford the pepplo of
RKson a rare opportunity to hear
II of the great preachers of the een-
Bly-. Since the citizens of all denomi-
BJons, Catholics as well as Protes-
Bt, and of no denomination, have
jftributed liberally towards the erec-
HJ of tbe~<jhurcb,— and consequently
He an interest in its future welfare,
H to be hoped that the good bishop
Elbe greeted with large congrega-
BJs at both services. Good music
abe rendered. 'Morning service at
HJo a. m. instead of 11 o'clock. Even-
Sserviceat 7:30.
Mr. Gall, as health officer, was called
g|)rytown last Tuesday to investigate
Else of suspected leprosy. The disease
Hfl appeared on the side of the victim's
SB, and had eaten away the tissue in
Horrible manner. It was reported
RSind that the malady might be
SjHosy, and the health officer was
ijfied that as a protection to neigh'
B» an^ c commutl ' t y generally an
[Bninatfon with a view of definitely
Hling the nature of the disease was
[jflerative upon the county authori-
I J ' The victim is Uorner B. Clark,
[Bit 83 years of age, a brother of W.
ftlark, the well known tomperance
Bjocate. He has been altlicted for
H years > an<^ " yes alone in the heart
J the village, looked after by
I brother. Naturally the near
|Bhbors were anxious, especially
si the plague leprosy was mooted in
ißiectlon therewith. On the health
[fler's return he stated that the
Hhse was cancer. "
POLITICAL NOTES.
Republican primaries were held
throughout the county last Saturday
eveniDt". There was no contest any
where except in looe, where two tickets
were brought out on the supervisor's
question. One ticket favored the re
nomination of W. M. Amick, and the
other G. Joses. Both sides caucused,
and decided upon the ticket to be run
in the interest of each faction. The
controversy was really a continuation
of the anti-saloon agitation which has
kept the valley town in a furor for
some time. The partisans worked
hard in their respective spheres, and
nearly 150 votes were polled. The
Amick side won out two to one. This
89ttles the question of the supervisor
nominee on the republican side.
J. Clifton and J. Q. Horton have
been mentioned as probable candidates
for supervisor 'in this district before
the democratic convention.
In Township One the republicans are
united that S. W. Bright is the strong
est man to make the race for super
visor. He is not a candidate in the
usual acceptation of that term; that is,
he Is not, and never has been, a seeker
after office, If the nomination is ten
dered him he will accept and make the
run. Under these circumstances it is
not likely that an v other name will be
presented to the convention, as it is
realized that Mr. Bright, by large
business experience, sound judgment
and integrity is the right man for the
place. On the democratic side M.
Newman is urged for re-nomination.
He has been in office but one term, and
it is out o' ordinary course to refuse a
re-nomination where the office-holder,
as in his case, has given satisfaction to
his party. Another candidate, how
ever, has appeared in the democratic
ranks In the person of John Strohm,
proprietor' of the Jackson Brewery.
He wants tbe nomination, and it is re
ported, if be fails to secure the honor,
he may conclude to run independent,
or as a candidate with tbe labor union
backing. '.
In Township Four there is no ques
tion that the republicans will tender
the nomination to Morris Brinn, - a
former supervisor from that township,
and whose work on the roads during
his official term has commended him to
the support of the citizens without re
gard to party, There is some talk of
tbe democrats nominating C. E. Jarvis
of the. steam laundry. It is also re
ported that H. D. Calvin, of Amador
City, who Is identified with the Miners'
union of that district, wants to run as
a labor union candidate. It is not at
all improbable that there will be a
triangular contest.
The democratic county convention
has been called to meet in Jackson next
Saturday, tbe same date as the repub
lican. This is the first time in the
history of the county, so far as our
recollection serves us, that the two
local conventions have been called to
meet In the same town and on the same
day. The republicans made the first
call, and their gathering will meet in
the court-room. Tbe democratic body
will convene in Love's hall. It seems
that the democratic state convention
meets next Monday, and there was no
way of getting out of the difficulty ex
cept by getting the convention on Sat
urday. It is understood that both con
ventions will proceed with all the busi
ness to be transacted, namely, the se
lection of delegates to the state con
ventions, which will also be empowered
to act in the assembly and congressional
conventions; also the selection of a new
county central committee and the nom
ination of three supervisors in their re
spective districts, namely, districts one,
two, and four.
In township four there was a lively
tilt at the democratic primaries last
Tuesday. Sutter Creek elected dele
gates favorable to the candidacy of D.
A. Fraser for supervisor. Amador
City went for H. D. Calvin. As Sutter
Creek out-votes Amador in the con
vention, it is conceded that Fraser will
be the democratic candidate. It is
thought that the socialist or union
forces will get Into the tight, with Cal
vin as their candidate. A three cor
nered struggle in townships one and
four is promised.
Railroad Progress.
Everything now points toward the
completion of the railroad as far as
Mar toll's station at an early date. It
is believed that the Southern Pacific is
behind the enterprise, and if so it will
unquestionably be put through with
out delay. Surveyors are out making
a more careful survey for grade than
has heretofore been done. This is
taken to mean that the road will be
adapted for steam traffic; that steep
grades, which would not be a serious
obstacle in an electric line, are to be
avoided as much as possible. A large
force of graders and brush cutters are
at work. As the route is now indicated
the line will cross the lone wagon road
at least four, if not five times.
Post-office Inspectors.
L. H. Bricker, an inspector of post
offices, and J. Stewart, who is be
ing initiated in the same business,
arrived in Jackson Monday evening-
It is customary to pay a visit of inspec
tion to every postoflice once a year,
oftener when occasion demands. In
addition to the usual business, Mr.
Bricker looked into the libelous anony
mous letters which passed through the
Jackson postoftice some months ago.
After being made acquainted with the
facts, as far as known, the priglnal
letter in the bands of the ' sheriff was
shown to him, and the matter is left in
his hands.
Forest Fire.
A destructive ' forest fire has been
raging for several days along the Ama
dor wagon road, between John Camp
bell's place and Wiley's station. It
has burned over a large area on both
sides of the road, for a distance of
nearly five'miles. John Campbell- had
half a do^en men out at threatened
points to protect h|s property as much
as possible. A large quantity of tim
ber has been destroyed. E. S. Pitois
came down from Silver lake yesterday,
and the fire was still burning when he
passed through.
Teachers Appointed.
The following additional school
teachers have been appointed since our
last report:
Middle Fork — Miss Hazel Ward
Brown.
Grape Vine— Miss May Tibbitts.
Slate Creek, Gilbert, Willow Springs,
Camp Opra, and the principal of Jack
son school are the only vacancies tp ' be
filled.
wiLla." 111 '" " i" iii'i'injniii>W|jhL) iihiiwi l i ■ ■ - * ■ :_• -,- -
THE AMADOU LEDGrEft; JACKSON, CALIFOBNIA, PBIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1904.
AN ALLEGED
SHOOTING SCRAPE
Charles Dickerman, a Union Picket at Fre
mont, Btiot at Near Amador City-
Three Shots Fired, One Taking
Effect in the Leg. — Three
Non-Union Ken Under
-, Arrest.
Amador City has furnished a sensa
tional news Hem this week in the shape
of a shooting affair that occurred near
that town on Wednesday night. The
victim is Charles Dickerman, aged
about 38 years, one of the Dickerman
family of Quartz Mountain. Dicker
man is a member of Amador City
Miners' Union. When the strike oc
curred at the Fremont he was omploy
ed as a union picket to watch In the
Interest of the strikers. For several
weeks, however, he had been off duty.
He had been drinking some, and
temporarily off guard. Wednesday
evening, as the story goes, he was on
his way to Amador City on horseback.
He passed the saloon of Sbealor &
Win ram, : quarter of a mile beyond
Amador City, about 8 o'clock. A
short distance from this place he met
three men — nou-union employes of the
Fremont— who were proceeding toward
the saloon. One version is that Dick
erman made a remark for the men to
look out, as he had an unruly horse.
When Dickeruian reached Amador he
reported that he had been shot. It is
reported that two shots were fired at
him, one of which took effect in. the
calf of the left leg. Another bullet
passed through bis bat. A doctor was
called and examined the wound. It is
thought that the ball lodged between
the two bones. Tbe wound is not con
sidered serious. The three men whom
Dickerman met were J. H. Hinokly,
James Forbes and F. Sexton. They
went oq to tbe saloon in question, and
stayed there for half an hour, after
which they proceeded to the Fremont
boarding house, near the mine. They
were arrested on the road by deputy
sheriff D. S. Gray, charged with being
concerned in tbe shooting. They were
brought to Jackson the same night
and lodged In jail..
The deputy sheriff heard the men
talking before he made the arrest.
They were referring to the rough con
dition of tbe road, and said they would
not venture away again at night time.
There was nothing to indicate in their
talk that they had been in any trouble.
They started out from the mine that
evening to look up a fellow workman
at New Chicago; not finding him there
they proceeded to Amador. They ad
mitted meeting Dickerman on the road,
and after passing him they heard two
shots; further than this they knew
nothing. • Superintendent Goodall
takes the position that if bis men get
into trouble outside the premises he
wants the law to be vindicated; and as
soon as he heard they were suspected
he wanted them taken in charge for
the raens' own protection if innocent,
and the maintenance of the law if
guilty. The feeling was strong, as
soon as tbe facts were stated, that the
three men had npthing tp do wjth it.
Dickerman himself said they were not
mixed up with it; he was inclined to
think that D. S. Gray, the deputy
sheriff, did the shooting. This Idea
was still wide of the mark, as Gray was
at the Fremont when the shooting took
place.
Thursday night a man named John
Torto, an Italian employed at the
Bunker Hill mine, was arrested by
deputy sheriff Gray on suspicion of
committing the crime. He was on the
road at the time, with a heavy pack on
his back, and making his way put pf
the county. He soon made a full con
fession, admitting thst he dfr} the
shooting. ' He sh^t t*)pe" at p,}cker
tnan. His explanation Is thst he was
sitting on the roadside when Dicker
man rode up; Torto is a non-union
man; that be had been much annoyed
by the efforts of the union men to get
him to join the union; that Dickerman
bad appealed to him in this behalf.
When Dicker dj an saw him by the rfi^d
he stopped apd hlfli Sflcl
proceeded to dismount, ffe pleaded tp
beletalpne; be was, frightened; and jn
his terror h.P drew Ws" gun aM fired
twice. Tortp was lodged In the coun
ty jail. The other three men were
liberated last night, and proceeded
back to the mine.
The mystery of the affair is fully
cleared up by this confession, and con
siderable agitation in the vicinity of
Amador has been thereby allayed.
UjjcaJled-fOT "jitters.
Letters remaining: unclaimed in the
Jackson, Cal., postpfiQce, for the week
ending August 19, 1904:
Mrs. Lily Richards P. Folettl
Miss A. Nestley S. Gardner
Milton Frankjln 6. Pomett)
AnthpnySipon(pfi) • jj££:>
G. C. FpLGpn. Postmaster-
*»d Yftdtfjd.
Losing flesh Is indeed a bad sign.
Take Scott's Emulsion for It. For
weak digestion, for defective nourish
ment, for. consumption, take Scott's
Emulsion. It restores flesh because It
strikes to the cause of the loss.
Bich brave).
Al Murphy, Fred Grlesback and a
Mr. Walker, who have been running
a tunnel on the Grillo claim at Volcano.,
encountered tlje grayel Monday. Th,e
first wheel-barrqw Ipad, yjelded $4.
The boys have worked hard and are
now receiving the congratulations of
their friends.
To Curt A Gold In One Say
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tab
lets. All druggists refund the money
If It falls to cure. E. W. Grove's sig
nature is on each box. 25c.
Announcement
I wish to announce to my many
patrons that my dental parlors will be
closed from Aug. 7th to 28th inclusive,
It being the time selected for my usual
summer vacation.
J. P. Wilson, D. D. S.
Exact pbange giyep at Pptters cash
gtore, Plymouth. .
Quite a heavy shower of rain fell at
Volcano last Monday evening.
Miss Ida Smith, daughter of Web
Smith, the superintendent of the Ken?
nedy mine near Jackson, is visiting
her aunt, Mrs. G. A. Richardson,
having arrived Monday evening. —El
Dorado Republican.
Guido Depaoli, 10 years of age, wan
thrown from a jack near the Broadway
hotel Sunday, and sustained a disloca
tion of the elbow joint. The doctor
soon had the Injured member In good
shape again.
ADDITIONAL LOCALS.
Horse-shoeing $1.50 at Costa's.
Give us daily souno good bread. Pio
neer Flour makes the best. ':.';.
Why doesn't Wonderly come, - we
want a Singer right away.
All orders given prompt attention at
Potter's cash store, Plymouth. •
Mrs. T. D. Dillon, of Volcano, was
granted an interlocutory divorce by
Judge Rust Saturday.
When you wish the finest flavored
coffees and teas, remember that W. J.
Nettle keeps only the best.
Good mines of all kinds wanted. In
quiring parties. S. C. Trayner, 4 Sut
ter St., San Francisco, Cal.
Flour $1.25 per sack, best coal oil
$1.40 per 5 gallon can, and other things
in proportion at Potter's.
St. Augustine's church will re-open
for divine service Sunday morning
next, 11 a. m. " Sundaj school 10 a. m.
All cordially invited to attend.
W. F. Keeney, of Lodi, was in Jack
son Saturday, to attend a meeting of
the directors of the Telegraph Hill
gravel mine in Upper Rancheria.
Everything cheap for cash at H. E.
Potter's, Plymouth.
E. G. Humphreys, traffic agent of
the Southern Pacific Company, was in
Jackson Tuesday, making his cus
tomary tour in the interest of the
From the ground to the highest
point of the front wall of the Odd Fel
lows building the distance is over 60
feet. This is by all odds the highest
building in town, and we believe the
highest brick building In the county.
It pays to travel miles to trade at
Potter's Plymouth.
Jos. Williams, a resident of Amador
City, was brought to Jackson by con
stable Tuttle Tuesday morning and
landed in jail, to serve a term of 10
days on a charge of stealing two goats,
valued at $4, from Sam Lubetich.
A case of diphtheria developed in
the family of F. Dalporta, who lives on
the Mason-Webb addition. It was
discovered Sunday, the victim being a
child. A quarantine was established,
and Jas. Meeban appointed as 'guard.
<»- ■ .
You will save dollars on a $20 bill, by
trading at Potter's, Plymouth.
Elmer MuKenziu of Defender, while
working near the Mokelumne river
Saturday, received a severe sunstroke,
which but for the prompt arrival of
medical assistance might have proved
very serious. He Is recovering rapidly.
Mrs. F. W. Hanson of Marysville is
visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. O.
B. Martin pf Amador City.
E. M. Hurst, of. the Globe hotel, is
still in the hospital in San Francisco.
Reports have reached here that he is
improving. We learn that he has
been able to sit up, and was tp all ap
pearance on thp raond- I' is realized,
however, that his condition is still very
critical,- and does not admit of his
undergoing the homeward trip at
present,
T- M. fiayless, who has been rusti
oating in the. vicinity of Silver lake for
several weeks, traveling with a burro
and pack, arrived in Jackson Sunday.
He is roughing it principally for his
health. While traveling In the moun
tains be did some prospecting, but
failed to meet with anything that h,eld
p,ut any sufficient £p,pe p,f fjnan^jal re
war^ to }u9tjfy exteqsjve examination .
Jt paya tv get your horse shod right
at Costa's.
Allle Osuna, cook at the Standard
Electric plant at Electra, while cutting
Up a quarter pf tjeef last Friday, cut
\\}ts thumb of hjs |o(t h,and pear the
i^rst jjoint. E{e had tjia "flund bou,nd
up as best he cflvjld,, an,d, jet \t gp.
flfpatlpn? of blpod-pQ}sfiq|ng appeared,
ep fee came to, Jackson and consulted a
surgeon. The injury was then treated
properly, and the healing process is
expected to continue right along with
out further trouble. Osuna is a cousin
of Santos Gallegos of the Union stable.
Fresh pipkled oil yes tt' tb,e season
jli§(; receiyed; $jc per gallon. Nettles'-
Narqscp, Jtjariottl, wh,q Is charged
with assault to murder James Devecchl
In Sacramento on the 11th of July, has
engaged A. Caminettl as his counsel.
The preliminary examination was held,
last Saturday in Sacramentp. Mr.
Pamlnettl was npt present, b.u,t tele T
phfiped to prppeed. with, {h> hea^pg,
and that he would he present at the
trial. The defense Introduced no testi
mony, and defendant was held for trial.
Marlottl shot Devecchi three times,
alleging that he thought defendant had
tried to poison him. He was gambling
a.qd drinking prip : r to. asea^ty.
T^e brick wprk pf third story tp
{.he Odd F«llpws hall b^Udlpg was fin
ished early {his week. }t \s the sky
scraper pf Jackßpn. The u,pper room,
whlpb \ylU be u,sefl fpr the hall room
prpper, is }6 feet iv the clear, from
floor to celling. The ante rooms will
be In the rear", as. the stajrway to the
Mrd. floor W W stqrt close tq th,e landr
Ing pf tb,e second floor, or the old hall
room. The front of the new addition
is neatly and artistically done. A
granite block appears two ~ feet from
the top pf the wall and In the center of
the frpot, Ip which has. been cu,t the
symbol pf the order, and, the initials
L O. Q. F.,185§.
The remains of Mrs. Alice Stewart
were brought from San Francisco last
Friday evening and interred in the
Jackson cemetery the following day.
Rev, F. A. Morrow conducted the
ceremonies, assisted, by th,e choir.
Mrs. Stewart is a younger sister of
Mrs. H. Learn of Jackson, and of Wil
liam, Cleveland and Lewis Jones, for
merly of Jackson. Deceased was born
In Plymouth, where her parents are
hurled. A sister was interred in the
Jackson graveyard some years ago,
and it was on this account, and also
because some o.f her relatives are still
living here, that the remains were
brought to this place, to rest beside
the body of her sister who preceded her
to tha grave. Her husband, Chas.
Stewart, of the city, and brothers
above named from Valleja, came up to
attend the funeral, which was Impress
ively conducted and largely attended.
A BIG BREAK IN
PLANT'S PIPE LINE
The Standard Electric Plant is Severely
Damaged— A Shut-Down for at Least
a Week. The Dynamos Covered
with Debris from the
Mouitain.
Probably the worst disaster that has
overtaken the big electric plant of the
Standard Electric Company at Electra,
occurred about 12 o'clock Friday night,
August 11. || The ordinary pressure
under which the five dynamos has been
operated is UOOfeet! This is over 250
feet less pressure than a full bead. It
had been deemed inadvisable to utilize
the immense pressure of the full fall of
1650 feet, as it was feared by some that
a portion of the pipe would be unable
to stand the strain. The volume of
water running on the wheels from five
3-inch nozzles was over 5000 inches — a
stream sufficient to supply the largest
city in the United States with water for
domestic purposes. The power gen
erated by the five dynamos, operating
to their full capacity, was 14000 horse
power,' sent principally, to the cities
around the bay of San Francisco, oper
ating street car lines in Oakland and
San Jose. To economize water the
company sent up word to utilize the
full head. . Consequently the additional
250 feet was turned on early Friday
morning, aud this experiment brought
speedy disaster. Many street car lines
stop running about midnight, and
the reduced demand for power is met
by shutting down one or more dyna
mos, the sudden stoppage naturally
throwing increased pressure upon the
pipe line. It was this extra strain or
jar — the first after the utilization of the
full bead— that led to the trouble. The
pipe line is composed of heavy steel
pipe, except toward the head which is
of cast iron, and the additional head of
250 feet from the cast Iron to the Intake
is of wood. The cast Iron pipe is three
quarters of an inch thick. .The sudden
jar blew out a piece of this pipe 8 feet
long and 13 inches, wide. Such was
the power of the water 'even at this
distance up the hill, that this mass —
weighing nearly half a ton— was car
ried-300 feet down the bill. The gap
opened a river- Five thousand inches
of water was turned loose, tearing down
the hillside for 1400 feet, and striking
the power house at the bottom with
the force of an avalanche, carrying
loose soil and large boulders In its path.
The wooden pipe above the break
collapsed from the vacuum when the
water was turned off front the head of
the line. The power house was covered
two or three feet deep with mud and
debris. The galvanized iron siding of
the power house was stove in where
the force of the water struck it, as if
fashioned of paper. The dynamos were
covered up in the mud sluices, while
the wheels kept revolving for some
time after the accident, scattering the
mud over the whole machinery. It
was about 30 minutes after the break
occurred before the water was shut off
and the machinery was brought to a
complete standstill. Fortunately, the
steel pipe line below the point of the
break is mounted on concrete piers,
and thereby escaped injury. On either
side of the piers the hillside has been
washed out considerably by tb,e ru,sh,
of wqter..
Th,e d.ain,age is. estimated at fully
$30,0.QQ, beside the loss of revenue en
tailed by the stoppage. Two tons of
new pipe arrived Tuesday by express.
Over 100 men were put to work clear
ing out the mud from, th,e power house,
and freeing the machinery frpm the
debris. long (t will tal^e to. get
the plant In full wp,rk(n,g order aga.in, is
npt known,. \% is. to supply
power far the min.es and mills by the
end of this week. The dynamos are
deluged with water, and they must be
thoroughly dry before carrying a full
load, on account of the danger of burn
ing out on account of ?nc4stu.ra. 'l'ho
cast iron pipe will tie replaced with
stee;. ■■■ ■•
The American lUyer Opin.pan.y was
able tp supply %bo,iit }SQO, hp,rsa power
to, tide tb,e ?tandar4 Eleotrio Company
over the difficulty. The mines were
shut off from power for a few hours,
until the American River plant was
called into requisition. Of course, th,e
energy available i r^m, th,ls s.ou,rce (alls
far short pf meeting the demand. The
repair pj the break wjlj n,o floubt be
dane w^h a view of being able to
utilize the full pressure hereafter.
There Is no other plant in the world
operating under such hi?h pressure
with anything like th,§ vqlume of
water. hreak in the of the
American ftlyer Cp.mpany caused a
shut-dpwn pf mines throughout the
county dependent upon electric power,
The hre^Jc occurred Tuesday night. .
M- E. Church Dedication.
Next Sunday, 'August 21, the new
M. E. church will ha dedicated. Bishop
J. W. sam.i!tan, D. D. and L,. L. D.,
wUI preach morning and evening. The
repairs may not be entirely completed
on that date, but that was the only
Sabbath that the bishop's time was
not covered by pre-engagement, and
so it was decided to have the opening
services at that time. The bishop is
one of the most forceful and eloquent
divines of the Methodist church. The
church will no doubt be crowded morn
ing and evening. Every one should
make an effort to attend one or both of
these services.
fire in >n.Uer d«ek.
The new dwelling bouse of Patrick
Grady on Main street, opposite the
brewery, was destroyed by fire Satur
day evening. Another dwelling, be
longing to Mr. Grady's mother, was
only four feet distant from the house
destroyed, still by excellent work of
the fire fighters, aided by the absence
of wind, it was saved. The house
burned was erected about two years
ago, and cost in the neighborhood of
$1700. There is some Insurance, but
how much we have not learned. Mr.
Grady was at work when the fire oc
curred, and his wife was away In the
mountains.
Ledger & Chicago Inter-Ocean, $3.50.
NEWS FROM OLETA.
Oleta, August 16.
A pleasant surprise party was ten
dered Miss Mary Smith last Wednes
day evening in honor of her thirteenth
birthday. Those present were Mr.
and Mrs. Will Clark, Mrs. Emma Rob
inson, Miss Marie Dickerman, Miss
Marie Clark, Lawrence Clark, Arthur
Robinson. Ice cream and cake were
served.
Mrs. W. Schillings and little Miss
Georgia Beard have gone to San Fran
cisco for a few weeks' visit.
Miss Mary Dent has returned to her
home near Placerville, after a two
months' visit with relatives here.
Master Robbie Haltuman,- who has
been visiting with the McCormick
boys, has returned to Sacramento.
A farewell party was given Miss
Nellie Robinson last Friday evening at
her home. . She returned to San Jose
Saturday, where she will attend the
University Pacific.
E. C. McCormick and family started
for the Flint hop fields Saturday morn
ing, to be gone several weeks.
Miss Blanche Burke came home Sat
urday evening for a few weeks' visit
with her mother, Mrs. Ella Burke, who
is still very poorly.
Mrs. Thos. Lot's sister, Carrie, of
Stockton, Is paying her a visit.
Mrs. William Robinson and family
started Sunday morning for the Flint
hop fields.
' Miss Eva Graves of London, Canada,
is visiting her cousin, Miss Amy Con
nelley. She is well pleased with Cali
fornia, and will remain till spring.
Mrs. J. Morrow and little daughters
left Monday morning for the Flint hop
fields. - : ■
Mrs. George Yager and family, after
a few weeks' pleasant visit with her
sister, Mrs. C. Wilson, returned to
their home in lone last Thursday.
Luther Jordon and family took their
departure for the Borbman hop fields
Sunday. .-;;'- .■
. Claude Wilson's thrashing machine
pulled in last Saturday evening, which
ends another harvest season.
John Votaw and wife went down
Sunday to gather thoir peach crop off
the French place.
After a week's visit with friends here,
Mrs. George Gray, daughter, and son
returned to their home in ' Sacramento.
Mrs. G. Keffer and daughters left
last Saturday morning for the Flint
hop fields.
Mrs. Ora Knapp returned home
Tuesday from the Telegraph Hill mine,
which has been olosed down for the
present.
L. F. Eaton, formerly superintend
ent of the Telegraph Hill mine, will
take his departure for his home in
Santa Barbara Wednesday.
Mrs. Mary Johnson and husband are
visiting her brothers, Holly and Lee
Yates. Chump.
AMADOR QITY.
Amador City, August 17. ,
Miss Cora Culbert returned home
Thursday, after a two months' absence
on an extended eastern trip. - - .
Mr. and Mrs. Haqsen Mod little son,
Lloyd, are the guests of Mrs. Hanson's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. O. E. Martin.
Miss Lois Hammock is visiting friends
here. .
The entertainment given at the M.
E.. church last Friday evening was
quite a success both socially and
financially.
Little Beth Gillls is still very ill.
Mrs. Alien entertained a party of
young folks at her home Saturday
evening in honor of Helen McLaughlln,
it being Miss Helen's, ninth birthday.
Mr ; White And family have moved
intp. their new home.
Mr, Gatton has moved his family
into the Hammack house. E. Lois.
DeWitt is the Name.
WhenyQu.go. to buy Witch Hazel
Salve look for the name DbWITT on
every box. The pure, unadulterated
Witch Hazel is used in making De-
Witt's WUph Hasel Salve, whloh is the
be.s.t salve in the world for cuts, burns,
' hr-uisea, boils, eczema and piles. The
popularity of DeWitt's Witch Hazel
Salve, due to Its many cures, has caus
ed numerous worthless- counterfeits . to
be placed upon the market. The gen
uine bears the name E> C. Do Witt &
i Co., phjeagq. Sold by City Pharmacy,
Weissbein Brothers & Co,
ASSAY OFFICE AND GOLD REFINERY
619 SACRAMENTO ST., near montsomkrv. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
PURCHASERS OF GOLD DUST AND BULLION
BASE BULLION AND CYANIDE PRECIPITATE A SPECIALTY
ORES AND CONCENTRATES TESTED BY ANY PROCESS
1 State Fair I
j* AT SACRAMENTO' |[
| August 22d to Sept. 3d, 1904 J
| California's TWO WEEKS OF f
I IHi Rill 1 HESS RAGING I
* Horticultural ~*~ %
J and j» ■ INITIAL J- J
I SJK, HORSE-SHOW AT PAVILION
<& California Livestock Breeder's Convention *£.
J 4 Exhibits Carried Free. Excursion Eatei to Visitors. >!>
J \ L. R. MILLER, Secretary, Sacramento. B. F. RUSH, President.
[ To Cure a Cold in One Day SsSS^ 1
iTdct Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. >c f%J& £J ™gg I
[jeveaMnsonboicssoM fa post 12 months. Thfa signature, S*JZrrvtri^ pox. 35c J
DOINGS OF AMADOR
COUNTY'S MINES
Sawyer— This claim is situated near
the Mokelumne river, in Pioneer dis
trict. A gentleman named Newman,
of San Francisco, is operating with a
force of eight men in running a tunnel
to tap the ledge at a distance of 150
feet from the surface. They have
about 50 feet further to run to reach
the ledge. This claim was formerly
known as the Pine mine, and has
yielded rich rock in years past.
Wide Awake— At this mine, "which
is in Railroad Flat mining district,
Calaveras county, a peculiar state of
affairs is presented. The ore assays $10
and $11 per ton, but several milling
tests have proved unavailing in saving
more than from 50 cents to $1 per ton.
The tailings show gold value of about
$10. If any method can be devised to
save a fair percentage of the gold, the
property may be made a remunerative
one. The rock is not evidently of the
free milling character. Geo. I. Wright
has had an expert from San Francisco
visit the mine recently, an experienced
assayer and mineralogist, who after a
thorough examination gave It as his
opinion that the ore might be treated
by the cyanide process. The manage
ment has decided to fix up a small
plant to test this treatment. An
assessment of oce cent per share has
been levied for this purpose. The ore
differs materially in character from
other gold ores in that vicinity. There
is little doubt some method can be de
vised to recover the gold. The prob
lem may take a little time, and involve
considerable experimenting to solve.
Treadwell— Tuesday of this week
it was our good fortune to meet per
sonally Messrs. J. Schenck and J.
Oneta, general manager and foreman
respectively of the Sutter Creek Gold
Company, who are operating at this
mine, and to be shown by them the ex
tent of present developments. To a
person who was familiar with the mine
and its history as we were, it Is sur
prising to see what has been done in so
short a time. The 5-stamp mill is one
of the most substantial we have ever
seen. The water supply is unlimited,
and the ore from every tunnel is of a
grade that will make the mine a good
dividend proposition when the com
pany seoures a larger mill. The object
of the 5-stamp mill being to test the
ore chutes thoroughly. So far results
have been most flattering, and the
company is securing adjoining proper
ties. Two tunnels 500 feet in length
have already been run, following the
veins which have proven to be from 3
to 10 feet in width. A shaft 4$ by 14
feet Is being sunk on the main ledge,
and Is now 3Q feet deep. The rock is
improving with depth. Other tunnels
and cross-cuts will be run to tap the
veins at different places, and If present
favorable Indications continue more
extensive operations will be begun. A
new. hunk house has already been
erected, the boarding house has been
enlarged, the blacksmith shop is being
more thoroughly equipped every day,
and every improvement is of a sub
stantial nature. There are 15 miners
employed at present. The men receive
good pay, are well fed, and not a word
of complaint is ever heard from any of
them, We hope and believe that this
mine will prove to be a bonanza under
Its present management.
lig Cucumbers.
As samples of giant cucumbers, the
product of Jackson soil, we were pre
sented this week with three speoiiqens,
grown in the garden of Mrs. -L. Love,
on Peek's hill. The three weighed five
pounds, or nearly 1} pounds each. One
measured over 15 Inches in length.
They are the largest specimens of this
vegetable we have seen for many years.
We take pleasure in publishing these
facts, to show what can be accomplish
ed in the gardening line, even . on a
small town lot, with a. little care and
the judicious use of water.
The Singer runs, ' the Singer sews,
by simply pressing with the toes. By
day I work, at night I sleep, because
the Singer is so cheap. Wonderly, Agt.
KevhtrSl
I -&CQ& I
Wcojfper rive fed I
jj -overalls I
AUKUM.
Aukhm, August 15.
"Hot weather and dust" is the cry
in this little burg. It reminds one of
the "good old summer time."
Quite a number of the young folks
attended the dance given in the new
hall at Mt. View last Saturday. They
report having had a fine time.
Ike Whitacre, who is working on the
railroad for the Dog Town Company,
came home Saturday and returned
Sunday to his work.
Geo. Cruson was on the sick list last
week.
' Chas. Shields of Plymouth, passed
through here last Tuesday on bis way
to Grizzly Flat, where he has a home
stead.
Mr. Carter, who' has been hauling
ties for the Dog Town Company, has
got through, and returned home last
Thursday. Friday morning he had
the misfortune to lose one of his best
horses.
Sam Casper and Jess Walton have
gone up on the Rubicon to ; remain a
month. 9QH
Laura Votaw, Hattie and Henry
Seeley, and John Yager went to Sac
ramento this morning. Miss Votaw
went down to prove up on her timber
claim, and the others went as witnesses.
Mr. and Mrs. Stark received a tele
phone message f rom Rockland, statin;
that their only daughter, Mrs. Lillian
Higbee, was seriously 111 with . typhoid
fever at that place.
Louis McGaffie, who was driving
team for Will Pearson, had the mis
fortune to get his knee dislocated while
loading logs at Chas. Bell's place. As
It was impossible for the doctor to come
to Mr. Bell's place he was taken to
Plymouth, where the Injured knee was.
soon fixed by Dr. Tiffany. He is get
ting along nicely. Nome. -
Hew Supply of Stationery.
The Ledger office has just received, ;
direct from the east, over two tons of
news and job printing stock. This is
the largest shipment of paper ever re
ceived by a newspaper in Amador coun
ty. The supply Includes all kinds of
stock for commercial work, such as
billheads, letter heads, envelopes, bank
checks, posters and cards. We can
furnish you with job printing at
prices that cannot be approached by
any other office in the county, and can
compete in price with outside firms.''
As we get our stock in large quantities
from the manufacturers direct, we are
in a position to do work at a material
reduction on rates heretofore prevail
ing in this county. And furthermore,
we are determined to bid for work that
has heretofore gone, and is still going,
elsewhere, on account of slight differ
ence in rates. We can give you com
mon business cards at $2.50 per 1000,
and billheads and letter heads com
mon quality of paper at $3 per 1000.
You will save money by sending your
printing to the Ledger office. We can
give you nicely printed letter heads,
note heads, and envelopes for less than
you can buy the blank stock for in the
retail stores.
A Summer Cold.
A summer cold Is not only annoying
but if not relieved Pneumonia will be
the probable result by Fall. One Min
ute Cough Cure clears the phlegm,
draws out the inflamation, heals,
soothes and strengthens the lungs and
bronchial tubes. One Minute Cough
Cure is an ideal remedy for the child
ren. It is pleasant to the taste and
perfectly harmless. A certain cure
for Croup, Cough and Cold. Sold by
City Pharmacy.
Hotel For Bale.
The Adams House, Plymouth, Ama
dor county. A large and commodious
building with 20 bedrooms, parlor,
waiting room, kitchen, dining room,
sample room, and the nicest barroom
In Amador county. Hotel and bar now
doing a good business. Large lot.
Property must be seen to be appreci
ated. Owners desire to retire from
business the only reason for wanting to
sell. For particulars call on or address
Mrs. Ella Adams, Plymouth, Cal. 7-tf
Costa never nails on a shoe until it
fits the foot.
LUCOT &JFORD
PRACTICAL HORSESHOERS
J\ MAIN BTHEET, JACKSOJC b,
<f| HEAB RATIONAL HOTEL f
Particular attention paid to Interfering,
Stumbling, Over-reaching. Cross-Firing. Quar-
ter Cracks, and all Imperfections of the Foot.
Buggy and Carriage Work Prompt-
ly Done.
•W Agents for Buggies, Carts and other
vehicles at lowest prices.
ALL WORK GUARANTEED.
CHARGES REASONABLE,
junl-tf TELEPHONE 401.THIS WILL INTEREST YOU.
The Ledger has made rates with sev
eral publications whereby subscribers
may get the benefit of good papers and
magazines at a very cheap rate. The
price of the Ledger is $2.50 a year, but
our arrangements are such that we are
n'jle to present clubbing rates as below,
and no lover of good reading should fail
'i> take advautageof our offer. These
1 ates are payable in advance, and we
i a vile old subscribers as well as new ones
to interest themselves on this subject.
We have not foigotten the Indies, as
>ou can see by referring to the list our
oiler on the Cosmopolitan Magazine,
aiso McCall's Magazine, which you
r.-ceive without any additional cost
whatever, and you have the selection
of any pattern you wish, which will be
s^nt to your address free of charge.
Take advantage of our offer, and keep
posted on the news of the day:
Ledger and Dally Call, one year $ 9 00
Ledger and Weekly Call one year 3 20
Ledger and Daily ChroDicle, one
year 9 00
Ledger and Weekly Chronicle,
one year ." 3 60
Lodger and New Ye '•. Tribune
Farmer . . 250
Ledger and Now York Tri-Week
ly Tribune 3 00
Ledger and Weekly Chicago In- ": :
ter-Ocean 2 50
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Maga
zine, one year 2 75
Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
tyeac, including free pattern 250
The above rates are strictly in ad
vance. "- ■ , * •
Geo. McMillan
FoTOGRAPHER
"Pine Carbon Fotos" all sizes. Groups
ana Mining Views. Stamp Fotos
and Hutton Jewelry.
JACKSON ' - - jel4 - CAL.
A. H. KUHLMAN
Contractor and Builder
Will do work in any part of
Amador County. If you want
to build, send a note to Jackson
Postoffice and 1 will call on you.
Estimates furnished without cost
on any kind of building. Will
make plans and specifications for
you. mar2tf
BANK OF IN COUNTY
Incorporated November, 1895" .'"
Capital Stock : : : $50,000
President Alfonse Ginocchio
Vice-President S. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudey
BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
Alfonse Ginocchio, S. G.Spagnoli.UohnStrohm
Frederick Eudey and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT.— Safe dsposit boxes can be
rented from the Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curtog you against any possible loss from Ure
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home Institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postofflce or express. Money sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County
They receive deposits from $5 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die It can't be found and you are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive.
J. GHIGLIERI & BRO.
Cosmopolitan Liquor Store
JACKSON GATE, CAL.
Dealers and Jobbers in foreign and domestic
WINES, LIQUORS & CIGARS
OELECTED stock of Imported Goods. Choice
kJ California Wines, popular brands. Eastern
and Domestic Beers ; special bottling.
■ ■ ■-...--- *■ ■ -*■
Havana, Key West and New York Cigars.
Bourbon, Rye, Sweet and Sour Mash Whiskies
of celebrated distilleries. ja3 ly
/ VANDERPOOL \
111 1 HARNESS MAKER I
I/,, Plymouth, Cal. W
X '-»■'--: /
l\ Can Make or Repair your /I
/\» H A PMFQ^ ln an up-to-date work- M
Vi nrtßl>ci3 ' 3 manlike manner. W.\
Ml He carries all kind of Harness and 11/
|# supplies in the line. Also, U
■ Buggies, Carriages & Carts 1
\ Carriage Trimming a specialty. jaC3 /
FIRE INSURANCE
Insure your property
in the
PHOENIX OF LONDON
One of the oldest and most reliable
companies in the world. Establish
ed in 1782. It has paid many. mill-
ions of dollars in policies.
Policies written In this standard
company
ALSO JN
Providence Washington
■ .
OF CONNECTICUT
by I ;
Richard Webb.
Resident Agent^ Jackson.
HE WAS A REAL FARMER.
Hence- He | Couldn't See the Poetlo
Side of Farm Life.
"Oh, yes," a man in the hotel lobby
was overheard to say. "I'm a real
farmei now. My farm ouly costs me
about $75 per month now, so you can
see I'm getting along." Then the man
was heard to comment upon farm
labor.
"It's all right to talk about tiie poetry
of farm life," he said, "but If farm life
is poetry I want the prosiest sort of
prose in mine. Is there any poetry in
greasing harness? Do you find any
rhyme and rhythm in milking a double
Jointed, back action cow twice a day?
Well, I^guess not."
"But there's the scenery," his com
panion interjected, "and the smell of
grain"— '
"Yes," said the amateur farmer, "and
the chiggers, and the red bugs, and
holes ln the fence, and rats in the seed
corn, and the potatoes sprouting. And
If you are through plowing for awhile
and haven't anything better to do you
fix the wheelbarrow for recreation, or
you can see that the pen Is made hog
proof, or that the water trough doesn't
leak too much. Then if everything
else fails and it's too rainy to do any
thing else you can get out a second
hand kit and fix the crupper on the
harness or nail strips of boiler plate
on the feed box so that crib eater of a
plug won't have too many splinters
ln him when he dies. Oh, you can bet
I'm too much of a farmer to look at
the poetic side of it. I'm a realist
farmer; that's what I am."— Dallas
News.
TOBACCO SALARIES.
A Custom of the American Colonies
Before the Revolution.
Before the Revolution, ministers of
the Anglican church in those American
colonies *vhere that church was estab
lished by law were remunerated "In
kind" instead of in money. Maryland
gave an incumbent forty pounds of to
bacco a year for every tithe payer in
the parish, whether churchman or dis
senter, white or colored. These terms
were handsome enough to secure the
pick of the clerical market. In Vir
ginia the stipends represented a fixed
and unvarying quantity, by weight, of
the manufactured leaf. These stipends
were rather beggarly in quantity. In
a bad year even the "sweet scented
parishes," where the minister's salary
was calculated on a high priced and
exceptionally fragrant tobacco, yielded
only about $500 a year. The parishion
ers sometimes refused to induct a cler
gyman unless he would consent to take
one salary for serving two parishes. In
1758, when the price of tobacco j had
greatly risen, the house of burgesses
passed a law fixing the cash equivalent
of debts payable in tobacco at one
third their true value, thus wiping out
two-thirds of the incomes of ministers.
Patrick Henry made his first fame in
defending this law when a test case
was brought in behalf of the injured
clergymen.
A Dead Moose.
When a bull moose lies dead in the
forest he looks like some strange ante
diluvian animal, with his square pre
hensile muffle and horns spreading lat
erally, a peculiarity which he shares
with the prehistoric Irish elk and the
nearly extinct European elk of later
times. The huge form tells of strength
and swiftness, and withal the still dan
gerous gleam of the eye, glazed in its
last stare, bids the hunter pause and
feel almost guilty of a crime in the de
struction of so much that is grand and
weird, a feeling very different from the
sentiment supposed to attend the
slaughter of a deer. But the triumph
of mastering the wariest and bravest
animal In the woods by fair still hunt-
Ing and by grimly sticking to the track
for many a weary mile amply atones
for any regrets. — Century.
Sneak Thieve* In Churches.
An old sexton was discussing the
.amount of stealing that is done in
churches. "Scarcely a day passes," he
said, "when the church is open with
out some distracted woman coming to
me bowed down with grief because
somebody has stolen her purse. There
are certain contemptible thieves who
prey on unsuspecting women who
pray so hard that they forget to look
after their pocketbooks. The thief
watches until the woman is deep In
prayer and then leans over, grasps the
purse and sneaks out."— Philadelphia
Record.
Came In Handy.
"The weather man said it would rain
today, and I'm glad I carried my um
brella.".
"Why, it didn't rain at all today."
"Of course it didn't, but I met the
weather man on the street, and I used
the umbrella to bang him good and
hard."— Catholic Standard and Times.
Quite Probable.
The Publisher — The insolence of these
authors! Here's Spiffles demanding to
isee the illustrations before he writes
the story for them! His Partner—Ab
surd! First thing one knows they will
be asking to have the illustrators read
the stories before they draw the pic
tures for 'em !— Brooklyn Life.
His Exercise.
"Excuse me, Softly," remarked Tea- 1
dennls curiously, "how Is it you always
Wind up your watch Immediately after
dinner?"
"For the benefit of my health. You
Bee, my doctor has recommended me
always to take a little exercise after
olnner."
'
The man who trusts to luck to make
blm rich Is generally a strong believer
In bad luck by the time he is forty-five,
— Somerville (Mass.) Journal.
Fy»f»pf Bot™:! Jayne's Carminative Balsam
A \f \f 9 —The Standard Remedy for Summer Complaint, Cramps, Colic, Griping Pains, Sour
Stomach and Vomiting, also for Dysentery, Diarrhoea or Looseness, Asiatic
Cholera, Cholera Morbus, and Cholera Infantum. JAYNE'S CARMINATIVE BALSAM has been used with
great success for 73 years. We will send Free to any person who will enclose a two-cent stamp in
part payment for the mailing, a trial size bottle of JAYNE'S CARMINATIVE BALSAM.
Write your Name, Town and State plainly to insure your getting. the same.
Si&'" h<!l Address: DR. D. JAYNE ®, SON, Philadelphia.
97000 GASH and
ROUND TRIP TICKETS TO
ST. LOUIS FAIR for
Aopiyto :25 GENTS
J. POTrtR &CO., ■— - ' '.
•Rooms J3i *»«nd «s, us Ktarny St.
6tn Francisco, Cal.
THE AMAPQR LED&lSlti JACKSON, CAITJOBKIA, FBIUAY. AUGUST 19, 1904
THE WATWA OF AFRICA.
A. Curious Tribe, Loir Down In the
, Scale of Humanity.
A hunter of big game in Africa gives
a description of a tribe of natives
whom he found there, the Watwa.
"These natives," he says, "live in the
swamps, their staple article of diet be
Ing fish and flour made from the seed
of the water lily, although during the
rains they grow patches of • cassava
root and sweet potatoes at the edge
of the swamp. They smear their
bodies with mud to protect them from
mosquitoes and are extremely dirty
and evil smelling in consequence. They
are very low down in the scale of hu
manity and have a bad reputation
nmong tribes living on the high ground,
which reputation they upheld during
our visit. We engaged several Watwa
natives as carriers, but they only came
to see what they could steal. One day
I shot a reed buck in sight of the
camp and left two Watwa to carry it
In while I went after a hartbeest, but
I never saw either men or buck again.
It was no use following them into the
swamps, as they knew every Inch
of the ground and water. They had
small canoes hidden everywhere, and
Immediately they crossed a stream
they sunk the canoe again where they
alone knew where to find It. Our boys
were afraid to ' follow them, as they
used poisoned arrows and sometimes
set poisoned stakes ln the tracks lead
ing to their haunts."
DAME JULIANA BERNER.
#he Was a Fifteenth Century Author-
ity on Fly Fishing.
The* first printed English book on
angling was Dame Juliana Berner's
"Book of St. Albana," which appeared
about 1450, and contained a chapter
entitled "A Treatyse on Fyshynnge
With an Angle."
Fly fishing must have been practiced
much earlier. than this, as nothing but
a gradual evolution could account for
the complete list of flies for the fish
ing months of the year which it gives.
To Dame Berner belongs the honor
of first telling that the salmon could
be caught with the fly. She says: "Al
so ye may take hym, but it is 6eldom
seen with a dubbe at such times as
when he lepith in lyke fourme and
manere as ye do a trought or a gray
ling." Her knowledge seems more
complete than could have been that
of the original "inventor, so that the
timo when fly fishing originated in
British waters must remain uncertain.
Dame Berner's flies will kill trout
today, and her twelve were the foun
dation of those of which Izaak Wal
ton said quaintly in 1653: "Thus have
you a Jury of flies, likely to betray
and condemn' all the trouts in the
liver.
LOGGERHEADS.
This Name Is Given to. Some Turtles
and Other Animals.
The giant turtles which are found
along the Atlantic coast and frequently
In southern waters In great numbers
are known as loggerheads. They com
monly attain a weight of I.COO pounds,
are rapid swimmers and are often seen
far from land, floating asleep upon the
waves.
Carnivorous by nature these huge
tortoises feed on crabs and fish, espe
cially on a large species of conch, which
they break open with their massive
jaws. The flesh' of this terrapin is
leathery and oily, with a strong smell
of musk. Young specimens are more
palatable and are often on sale In the
markets.
A duck, as large as our goose, which
is native of the shores of Tierra del
Fuego and the Falkland isles is also
called loggerhead, from its seeming
stupidity and helplessness.
In the AVest Indies this name is also
given to two or three sorts of fly
catchers. »
Protected the Jndge.
After the jury in a Texas case had
listened to the charge of the court and
had gone to their room to deliberate
upon the verdict, one of the twelve
went right to the point by saying:
"That thar Pike Muldrow orter be
convicted an gen'ral principles. He's
bad as they make 'em."
As the hum of approval went around
a weazened little juror said, "I heerd
that Pike guv" it out that he'd go gun
nin' fur us, If we sent him up, jes'
soon's he got out, an' fur the jedge
too."
"We must pertect the jedge," they
agreed, and the verdict was "Not guil
ty."—Detroit Free Press. •
A Peculiar Ornament.
Berlin has probably one of the most
peculiar ornaments for a reading room
that has ever been seen in a similar
position in a civilized country. This is
n gravestone which stands, large and
massive, in one corner of a small room.
It is not only a gravestone, but Is in
its legitimate position at the head of
a grave. The history of its location In
the house is interesting.. It was not
put up in the house, but the bouse was
built around the stone. Its original
position was in the burial grounds In
the churchyard at St. Hedwig's.
Hoiv Could He Help ItT
He — Do you think marriages arc
made in heaven? She— l don't know.
Perhaps they are, -but I'd be satisfied
with-one made in— or, that Is, of course,
I wa'sn't thinking what— oli, Charlie,
do you really .mean it?— Chicago Rec
ord-Herald.
Nothing Definite.
Her Mother— Mr. Sloinan has been
coming to see you for quite a long
while, Maude. What are his inten
tions? Do you know? She— Well, I
think he intends to keep on coming.—
Philadelphia Press.
IIRMR^IIHHIMINIER-fICEI
■ffa/r/r pwk VF.au
THE PENGUIN.
It Is A wl; varil on Land and a Gym-
caul In the Waiter.
A kind of- penguin, the adelie, is n
laugh provoking bird. Adelir s ure
most Inquisitive and at times are in
such a hurry to follow up a clew that
they will scramble along the ice on
the belly, pushing with their legs ami
using their nippers alternately UUe the
paddle of a canoe. They get over the
ground at an astonishing rate, and it is
hard work to overtake a penguin when
it takes to this means of locomotion,
especially when it doubles. In the
water the penguin is perfectly at home,
diving and steeplechaslug in grand
style. It can Jump clean out of the
water and pop down on the ice exact
ly like some one coming up through a
trapdoor on the stage and dropping
on his feet. The penguins collect in
enormous numbers and are sometimes
seen marching about like a regiment
of soldiers in Indian file, all acting in
unison.
A much larger penguin, the emperor,
weighs sixty or seventy pounds and
stands well over three feet high. It
possesses the most extraordinary mus
cular powers ln its flippers. When pre
sented with the end of the skee stick
the emperor gives it such a smack that
one's bands tingle. At the same time
it utters an angry guttural exclama
tion. . • .:^
SHEEP IN INDIA.
They Are the Favorite Beasts of Bur-
den In Mountainous Region*.
In Tibet and among the mountainous
part of India sheep are employed as
carriers. The mountain sheep of these
districts, true to its nature, is remark
ably sure footed. and can carry loads of
twenty -five pounds, or even more, over
steep crags and precipitous paths
where hardly any other animal could
find a footing.
In the inner ranges of the Himalayas
the yak cow and the hardy mountain
sUcop are the favorite beasts of bur
den. Sheep withstand the intense cold
of the higher parts of Tibet much more
easily than the yak and can better face
the stony roads.
• Sheep carrying from seventeen to
twenty-five pounds of baggage and liv
ing entirely on the scanty grass found
growing by the way accompanied Nain
Suigh, the famous Indian explorer, on
a journey of more than a thousand
miles. It is very common in the Him
alayas to load cheep, high up ln the
mountains, with borax and then to
drive them down, to the plains, where
they are shorn of their wool and re
turn laden with grain or salt.
Money Thrown Away.
"So that city doctor helped ye right
smart, did he, Silas?" asked Mrs. Giles
on her husband's return from a week's
visit to a specialist in a neighboring
town. ;: ". ';•
. "Well, I guess he did! I'm feeling
fine as a fiddle now, an' he says I
.won't likely have any return of it if 1
Just keep ter what he tells me."
"What did he say was the matter
with ye?" inquired the wife eagerly.
. "I forgit now what he called it.
but?'—
"Silas," she cried, "ye don't really
mean ter say ye paid out all that
money an' didn't git no good of it after
all!"— Exchange.
M MBS. CECELIA STOWE, 11
|| Orator, Entre Nous Club. H
I-} 176 Warren Avenue, X
H Chicago, 111., Oct. 22, 1902. H
n For nearly four years I suffered |j§
Ha from ovarian troubles. The doc- §1
■ tor insisted on an operation as the Kj
H only way to pet well. I, however, Eg
strongly objected to an operation. II
My husband felt disheartened as U
well as I, for home with a sick Eg
woman is a disconsolate place at g]
best. A friendly druggist advised H
him to get a bottle of Wine of E|
Cardui for me to try, and he did so. ||
I began to improve in a few days and f|
my recovery was very rapid. With- H
in eighteen weeks I was another El
Mrs. Stowe's letter shows every M
woman how a home is saddened by g
female weaknes and how completely E§
Wine of Cardui cures that sick- M
ness and brings health and happi- i|
neBS again. Do not go on Buffer- 19
ing. Go to your druggist today 11
B And secure a $1.00 bottle of Wine H
1 of Cardui. gs
Imwßgfflßiwj
•
OMK/IRI CAN'T
If^I^PITOUCH
— T^S^k— -J-^if^&A- t!lc "'*'• w '"> wears
j£IfS9SftWYER'S
iLv>^l*W EXCELSIOR
brand
f^yS* s^/ Slickers
S§\!\' /^ /I SAWVKH'N Escalator
A llrand Oiled riotlilnir.
e?*^WL Jw-/ 1/ K«t in the world. Will
V I " I!ir^- 'f not at ilea]**r**
TlS~'"-'£m\\\ A 1 eeni * f° r •-•ataloßiie.
V^&§Fa/ W !l ' M ' Pc " ■ fr '*' s ""' s " I*'1 *' v f r " '
HI At I *CU JS°"ABLE SICILIAN)
o .l&JU&sd Hair Renewer
Perhaps you like your gray hair; then keep It. Perhaps not ;
r e a D vS m S~r l S W1"W 1 " R ?^wer always restores color to
fgray hair. Stops falling hair, also. "'^yffiay&yifos srtf" 010
Ro ° ms: Yard: 6th & |rwin sts -
603-604-605-606-607 JcH^S^Sß*^
/fflMfe^ TTe^s!fg& Lumber Phone 19
Claus Spreckels B'ldg //&Uf\,n\ EffifCT^Mik
SAN FRANCISCO. H l|ft^B 0re 9 On P»"e.
Telephone.- Cedar and
Private Exchange 279 w-. . .
*^^w Redwood
Lumber
" ncorporated) Rough or Worked
WE GIVE SPECIAL ATTENTION TO THE MINER'S REQUIREMENTS IN
MININU LU..I JER AND TIMBER. Delivered to any destination desired.
■« > ' -«V& PROPRIETOR OF fr^iu- '. • { [
j j CENTRAL ■■* MARKET | ||
<| Fancy Groceries. Fresh Fruits, Vegetables < j
• 77.V" ASSORTMENT OF TEAS AND COFFEES. « ;
I: j FRESH FISH EVERY THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. [I:
:< > Drop in and Compare Prices and be Convinced that- Yon can < '
o Sace Money hi/ Trading With Me. \\
\ . ■ ;
<. J AOivotJ JN - - - .-• CALi. . !:
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦»♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦»++»»+;:»
pii ledger 4t iff Sago inter-ogean]
j — — $2.50 PER YEAR I
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION^
A Made From SELECTED WHEAT M
|} Blended According to Our Own Formula
Producina Perfect Results and . ;,
A Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
§ Srveet to the Palate's Touch and
<i Snowy White
• PIONEER FLOOR MILLS. SACRAMENTO ©
* ..._ ;- .■.„.....-. - ,vi . '. ... ; -■. ■, f
* toSjs!Jr * — -ENTERPRISE • j
|^B|^LIVERr.-STABLE|
» S^^^^^^^^ O'NEILL & PODESTA, PROP'S. |
a Transient Customers given the very best of attention. I
J Telegraph and Telephone Orders Promptly I
3 Attended to. Pbojie Main 383. \
§ Four-in-Hands, Surreys, Pole and Single Buggies, .Saddle JJorses. 8
* MAIN STREET, JACKSON - - - CAL. I
MIDVALE DRILL STEEL
FOR SALE BY •
5 • E. GINOCCHIO & BRO. General Merchandise, Jackson, Calif.
L. OETTINGEB 8. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry a Machine Shop
Sutter Creek, Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OP
lutest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at tbe
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
and complete stock ot bar, refined and Norway
i-on, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc., which we will
sell at the LOWEST CASH PRICES.
TO THE UNFORTUNATE
M^— i»S£fl!|a This old reliable and
i'xSH ISJSril&aSv Ihemost successful spe-
&4|rPl f^f^yjk jfl ciulist in San Francis-
ECT I *'■■ Ssilf* <-'OBtillcontlnuestocure
nark Lak inrin "" Sexual » nd scmtnai
SKst'te^^^E^aKvSNl Diseases, such as GhoD-
n^3wmss»AiS£rllS orrhea, Gleet, Stricture,
Syphilis in all ilsforms
Skin DiseascK, Nervous
Debility. Irapotency,
Seminal Weakness.and
*StowB«w3KS»«>iB».: Lo 8S o f Manhood, the
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counte-
nance dark spots under the eyes, pain ln the
bead, ringing in the ears, loss of confidence,
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitation .
of the bcart, weakness of the limbs and back,
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs,
consumption, etc.
DR. GIBBON has practiced in San Francisco
over 40 years, and those troubled should not
fail to consult him and receive the beneatof
his great skill and experience. Tbe doctor
cures wben others fall. Try him. Cures guar-
anteed. Persons cured at home. Charges reas-
onable. Call or write.
Db. J. F. Gibbon, 629 Kearney street, San
Francisco. Cal. ■ ■ : ■■ •
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA.
Hoarding and Day School conducted by tbe Sis-
ters of Notre Dame (Namur). Founded in 1856
Tbe curiculum embraces all tbe branches of
n solid English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses ln art, language and music.
For further information address
anlO-tf SISTER SUPERIOR,
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Imported and Domestic
Wines*tiquors*Ciprs
JACKSON CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon, White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros.,
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries : Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres,
Bordeaux, Clarets and Sauternes ; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ited, Walkerrille, Ontario, Canada: Johnde
Kuyper & Zoon, Cotterdam, Gin; Gilka Kuem-
mel, from J. A, Gilka, Berlin; Barthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester, N. V,, Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness'
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London); Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ale; Naglee Brandy; Reimport ed American
Whiskies.
MINERS' HEADQUARTERS
— AT — - ;'
Tarn & Marenzi's
MAIN STEEET, JACKSON.
EVERYTHING— — ■ — -•
In the line of Wearing Apparel used
by a Miner can be found at our Store.
We make a specialty of Gents' Fur-
nishings as well, and our prices are as-
low as the lowest. .
Sole Agents for the Mercantile
Tailoring Co. of Chicago.
JanS
TJICHAKD UK Hit
United states Commissioner
JACKSON. CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other tilings;
taking of final proofs and- all other Land
Business.
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
Agent for Phoenix Assurance Company of
London, and Washington Providence Fire In
Durance Companies. jfxMlf
Grove's Tasteless Chiii Tonic HI
has stood the test 25 years. Average Annual Sales over One and a Half Million |
bottles. Does this record of merit appeal to you? No Cure, No Pay. sOc I
Enclosed with every bottle is a Tea Cent, package of Grove's Black Root. Uver Pigs. - - ' J
BOY OF THE REGIMENT.
With His Dying: Breath Be Aalced
Garibaldi For a Coffln.
When Enzo Ferretti entered actively
Into the Italian war of Independence
he was Just seventeen. He left Parma
secretly, deserting, as It were, his fa
ther, mother and family to fight for his
hero, Garibaldi. He walked over the
Apennines without a penny ln bis pock
et and, arriving half dead at Genoa,
concealed himself on one of the ships
bound for Sicily. When at his destina
tion he emerged and gained the nick
name of the "boy of the regiment."
From that time for some months he
fought until the day for rest came. He
wns shot In the head and carried to
the hospital in a dangerous condition.
Everything possible was done for him,
but it was evident that he was trou
bled, and at last It came_out that he
could not die_ happy because he had
never seen his hero. "I have fought
everywhere and sought always," he ex
clnime;l. "but I have never succeeded
ln seeing him. How can I die never
having caught a glimpse of him?"
Another preoccupation was that be
feared he might be buried without a
coffin. Morning, noon and night bis
cry was, "Let me have a coffin 1" The
very day he died, by a fortunate
chance. Garibaldi arrived at the hos
pital. Having heard Ferretti's story,
he stooped and spoke to him. The sick
boy's expressive face lighted up and
be exclaimed: "Now I can die happy.
Oh, general, let me have a coffln!"
TRAGIC IN ITS BREVITY.
The Story of the Duel Between Ham-
ilton and Burr.
The story of the Hamilton-Burr duel
is tragic in its brevity. The little party
of five— the principals, ' their seconds
and the surgeon— was on the ground
not long after sunrise. The prelimi
naries were soon arranged. As Pen
dleton,' Hamilton's second, gave him
his pistol, he asked, "Will you have
the hairspring set?" _ ■
"Not this time," was the significant
reply, and then the men faced each
other.
According to the best authorities up
on a disputed subject, Burr fired at the
word. At the report, Hamilton started
forward with a convulsive movement,
reeled, Involuntarily discharging his
pistol into the foliage above him, and
fell headlong. Burr, with an expres
sion of pain upon his face, sprang to
ward him, but Van Ness, his second,
seized him by the arm and hurried him
down the bank and into their boat
I Hamilton, being lifted up, revived
for a moment and gasped, "This Is a
mortal wound, doctor!" Relapsing
again into unconsciousness he wae
again revived by the fresh air of the
river. "Pendleton knows," he said,
trying to turn toward his friends, "that
I did not intend to fire at him."
At 2 the afternoon following he
had breathed his last.
Monster Bowl of Punch.
-In 1604 Admiral Edward Russell,
commander of the English Mediterra
nean fleet, ' entertained 6,000 people 1c
a large garden In Alicante, where ht
served the largest bowl of punch evei
brewed. It contained twenty gallons ol
lime juice, four hogsheads of bvandy,
one pipe of Malaga wine, twenty-flvt
hundred lemons, thirteen hundred
weight of fine white sugar, three pack
ages of toasted biscuits, fifty-one
pounds of grated nutmegs and eight
hogsheads of water.
| The whole was prevented from dilu
tion In case of rain by a large canopy,
which spread over a marble fountain
bowl which held the punch. The punch
was served by a boy, who rowed aboul
the basin of the fountain In a boal
built for the purpose and refilled the
empty cups.
Two Scotcb Stories.
: A Scotch schoolmaster in Banffshirc
years ago had strong views on the sub
ject of dress. In the day when crino
line was the rage a girl came to school
Vltb a very extensive one, which much
exceeded the space between the desk
and the form on which she had to sit.
The teacher, seeing this, said to her,
"Gang awa' home and tak' off that
girds (hoops) and come back to the
school as God made ye."
Another rough and ready dominie
was examining his boys in a catechism
and asked if God had a beginning
"No," said the boy. "Will he have an
end?" "Yes," he replied. This was
followed instantly by a bullet on the
Bide of the head. ''Will he have an
end noo?" ''No," said the boy, and the
master was satisfied.
Ttnnjnon'i "Married Brow*."
"I have a question to ask," an
nounced the literary man. "Ton know
Tennyson's line:
"The charm of married brows.
"JVell, did he mean by that the
crowning charm of married women, oi
did he refer to the charm of eyebrows
that meet in the middle? In the
'Arabian Nights' there are many pas
sages in which such eyebrows art
spoken of as a great charm, indeed, but
In the west our beauty doctors give
explicit directions to prevent such
growths. What did Tennyson mean,
anyhow?"— Philadelphia Press.
He Got It.
.Teacher— Willie, give me a sentence
In. which the term hook and eye is used.
Willie— Me an' pa went flshln*. P«
told me t' bait me hook an' I did.—
Baltimore American. " .."I
A Revelation.
Wlte— l haven't a gown fit to wear.
Hnsband^Jove! That's the reason none
of the servants will stay here.— New-
York Times. » •
' It costs more to lire than formerly,
but then people live longer, bo It 1«
about even.— Montgomery Advertiser.
) @ Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
ffSlMuseum of Anatomy
'I W! IKi *^SET ST. bet 6tb A 7th, S. T. C»L
)P AjA Th « Ltrgeit rf iv kin* io tht World.
. 1 f£Kj£?G ar « COBtfuuaMj aJ-iinr n*w ip«;inipni.
| 111 wv « Come toJ learn hair wonderfully you are made
nn D and how to avoid ■U-kDrns and discut . ir you
k\ 1 ■ suffer from *bj of tbe ills of men. come to the
" £ £old«t Specialist on the FscißcCout,
(I»B.( I»B. JOBDAN-rniTATE DISEASES
Consultation fre* »nd ■ trie tit private. Treatment perMo-
| ally or by letter. BTPBILIH thomusblj eradicated
" from the trstem without using M«reurr* • *
k EVERY Nil applying to os will recclTe oaf
J hanut opinion of tils complaint.
W* witt Guarantee a POSITIVE CURB tn every ca*«
i ue undertake, or forfeit One XfcowHwmJ Dollars.
r Write for Book— I*!illo»oi»lt> of Iflnrrlagfi,
k hailed *«i». (A valuable book formto.)
f DB. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market SL 8. F.
! ST. LOUIS ;
[exposition;
|| SOUTHERN !
| PACIFIC -;
I CO. I
; I St. Louis and return - $67.50 '
; ; Chicago and return - - f2.50 ■;
; ; Chicago & re"n from St. Louis 70.00 ;
; ; St. Louis & re'o from Chicago 70.00 ;
; ! New York and return 108.50 ;
' | Sale Dates— September 1. 2,
I 5, 6, 7, 8. 19, 20, 28 and 29. Oc-
i > tober 3, 4, 5, 6, 19, 26, 27.
i > Going trip to be completed within 10 :
, > days; return limit 90 days.
( ' Stopovers in both directions within
< > these limits.
( ( Write to or call upon any S. P. Agent
J | or T.H. GOODMAN,
J G. P. A., San Francisco, Cal. .
50 lbs. SUGAR
=$I.oo=
50 lbs. Extra Dry Granulated
Sugar for $1.00 with a $20.00
General Order of yonr selection.
You may select any kind of goods
you wish from our Store or Price
List, except Flour, Sugar, Grain,
Potatoes and Coal Oil.
We carry a complete line of
Groceries, . Hardware, Cutlery,
Silver Plated Ware, Granite,
Agate, Tin and Glass Ware, Oils,
Paints. Ladies, Gents and Child-
ren's Hosiery and Underwear.
1 Fanners, Miners, Lumbermens
and Orchardists' supplies of all
kinds.
Please n am c the Paper you i«w this td In
Free Delivery within 100 milei on Gener-
al Orders.
All Goods Guaranteed
Send for free Price Xj»t. .
G.T.JONES SCO.
Aa I'p-to-Date Mall Onfw Khh
2 California St., San Francisco
Rcfereuce— Wells, Fargo ft Co'a Bank ■'■'
ilili
North Main et., Jackson, Cal.
Geo. L.Thomas & Co., Prop'
Dealers in all kinds of meats. Choi
BEEF. MUTTON,
PORK, VEAL,
LAMB, HAM!
CORNED BEEF, BACON,
LARD, ETC.
At lowest market prices! - Orde
promptly delivered, ja&
••••••••••••••••••••••a*!
I UNITED STATES MAIL
• Daily Stage Line
• Between Jackson, Pine Grove
• and Volcano.: .
• T. A. MARSINO -Proprietor
• Leaves Jackson dally at 6:30 a. m.
• Arrives at Pine Grove atxrat 9a. m , and
• at ypJcapoaf)putS):aOa. m.
• Makes connection with (he stase loajr-
• Ing Volcano for Defender every Monday,
• Wednesday and Friday.
m Leaves Volcano daily at 2p. m., ar-
Z riving at Pine Grove at 3 p: m, and
2 ' Jackson at 5 p. to.
• Best service in Amador County.
• -'. - Prompt delivery of packages a
• specialty.
2 Fare— Jackson to Volcano $1.50; Jack-
• sob to Pine Grove Sl.OO. Kounil trip
• to Volcano fI.SO.
5 Offices— National Hotel, Jackson, and
s Postoflices P^ne Grove and Volcano.
• •■ ..• . . mart
•••••••••••••••••••••••a*
' '■ •
GO TO THE — — '/
AMADOR BAKEK
A. DAL PORTA & CO., Prop'rs
WHEN YOU . RDF A n
WAMT FBESH Tf* DKCAL
\\<i also keep a large atpek of
Staple and Fancy
# GROCERIES.
Our Prices will suit you,
Oar Specialty— fresh Bread each day cxc
Sunday. ja
If You Want v^ 1 .
Good Health;
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge'
Steam Beei
BEST BEER IN THE WORLI
Made From Pure Hops
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. mya