Established November i, 1555.
LAWYERS.
rpAHOK & TAKOK
Attorneys at I.nw
. ' Stoll Buildiog, Sacramknto, Cal.
'".■.'..■'.*•" r - -'■■•■«- i •■.■-'-■
Special attention given to applications lor
United States Miueral Patents and Land and
Minlng-lltigatlon.
Attorney ;in«l Counselor at Law
Practice In all the States and Federal courts
Offlee: Spagnoli building, opposite Hall fil
Records. ■ V;~
■ — i —
»» a t' -1> I' I' •■ •.'- "'
■ Att">rnoy-at-I.aw
Will practice iv all courts or the State,
DOCTORS.
T"VK. I. S. GDOUMAN
' - Fhyxtclan ami Surgeon
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Diseases of women and children a specialty.
OBlce hou's- 12 to 2 p, m ; 7 to 9 p. m.
T-VH. T. I). SI. OIUNN
Physician ami Surgeon
AMADOR CITY, CAL.
Office hours— 2 to 4 and 7toBp. m. Telephone
■2 at residence.
- — ■
T\R. A. PAKIiKK LEWIS V.
Physician ami SurKeou
BUTTER CREEK.
Office: — Werner Building. ... - CAL.
T7l K. KNDICOTT, M. l).' ;
Physician aud Surgeon ■
Office: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times
Physician and .Surgeon
PLYMOUTH, CAL.
Office— Forrest House. Hours— B to 9 a. m.,
Physician .mil Surgeon
JACKSON CAL.
Office— Weil & Itenno Buildlus. Residence,
north Main strcot, opposite California
Telephone No. 401.
_ ■
T\K, A. M. GALL
Physician and Surgeon
Office in Marelia building. Main Street
rvlt. H. N. FKKIIIAX
Physician ami Surgeon
AMAPOK CITY, CAL.
Office— Hotel Imperial. Residence— Hinkson
home. Offlee hours— l 2 to 2 aud 7to 8:30 p. m.
-pvK. J. H. O'CONNOR
XJ
Physician ami Surgeon
Formerly of Roosevelt Hospital and Vander-
bllt Clinic, New York City.
Office and residence opposite tho Methodist
Church.
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
DENTISTS.
TvK. C. A. HKRRICK
Office in Ka; bui.alng. Hours from 9 a. in. to
5 p.m.
—IJ ■■■■I, . — — —
T\R- JOHN A. IJELUCC'Iir
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office Hoobs:— From 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Fine Sample Commercial j
Rooms. Travelers House
Amador Hotel
— S. J. Pearce, Proprietor—
AMADOR CITY .... CALIFORNIA.
The most excellently appointed hostelry
in Amador County
-HOT AND COLD BATHS-
A bar in connection supplied with the
choicest Wines, Liquors and Cigars.
fl2 RATES REASONABLE.
For a good square meal at 25c up
GO T6 THE
Olympus Cafe
RESTAURANT
UNDER JACKSON SHOE STORE
Meals at all hours — Day and Night
CHARLEY SING,"- Prop'r.
•■■•■■'■-- dca-tt
6% Dividend Guaranteed
Actually Paid Last Year, 10%
You can invest a Single Sum in hand, or Small Items of Income, in
Gilt-Edge First Mortgages, on Newly Improved Income Property, and
have principal and interest, assured to you, through the system of the
San Francisco and Suburban Home Building Society
708 Market Street, San Francisco
Guarantee Capital, $600,000.00
ALLEN M. CLAY. Treuurer . . S«> Bank of C.lifomu
HUGH CRAIG, Outlier .... Pin. Geo. M. Mitchell Co.
DIRECTOR*:
Hon. K. K. TAYLOR (President) • . Ex-State Senator; Attorney (or Bank of Alameda
Hon. JAS. G. MAOUIRB . . . Ex-Superior Judge; E-U. S. Congressman
I. M. DUKE fSecretlrjr) ' , " . Secretary to Chat. Wrbii Howard
CHARLES A. MURDOCK . . ■"■''..- Pre»id«-nt C. A. Murdock Printing Co.
JOS. A. LEONARD . ." . . . General Manager S. F. &S. Home Building Soc.
For Pamphltt and list ot Capital $tochhold«rs address
W. C. Wallac** Fldd Minigtr, fan Francisco
The Amador Ledger.
HALL, LUHRS & CO.
m "Our Taste" Pears §*
||f Choice Sacramento River wl
£g Bartlett Pears. Large — H
M ripe — heavy syrup. Make ■
g a delicious dessert. ■
1 At your grocers. 0
J &L Hall, Luhrt <EL Co. /
lf\ &&. Sacramento f
J. H. LAIN6HORST
Malu Street. Jat'Uson
WRICAIi WATCHES.' CLOCKS MIRY*
AND SILVERWARE
•i All-goods warranted uh repreN«ntnl
Repairing of watenn*. Clocks and jewe v a
NOTICE .
'■.; - -- ▼
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN"
We the und«rsis;ned declare that we will not
be responsible fnr any bills or accounts con-
tracted by F. L EricUson.
ERICU3ON & PICTTF.rcSON.
Oct. 25, 1904 Oontriictrtr.s
ANIMALS' WANDERINGS.
[tutu the Most MUrntorr- Lenimlnfcn
Race With Death.
The fable of the country mouse and
the town mouse has a foundation in
fact. Slice occasionally migrate in
large numbers when food grows scarce
and travel considerable distances to
fresh houses. Fanners in a part of
Perthshire had a good reason to be
come aware of this fact when a couple
of years ago vast swarms of mice in
vaded their cornfields at harvest time.
But the mouse ouly travels when It
has to. The rat, on the contrary, seems
to take a yearly outing in very much
the same fashion as do human beings.
Rats are the most migratory creatures
In the world. Whole troops of rats
leave the towns at the end of summer
and spend a nionth or two In the coun
try, apparently in order to enjoy the
change of food, which the county af
fords at thnt time of the year in the
way of fresh fruit and grain. Before
the cold weather sets in they are all
back in their old quarters.
Reindeer migrate with the same regu
larity as swallows. They move south
when winter sets in, but as soon as
ever the snow begins to melt they
travel steadily north, sometimes for as
much as a thousand miles.
To end a holiday by deliberate sui
cide Is so strange a phenomenon that
for a long time naturalists looked upon
the stories of the migration of the lem
mings as an Improbable fiction. Yet
the facts are beyond dispute. At ir
regular intervals these rat-like crea
tures start out from their homes In the
fastnesses of northern Scandinavia in
huge droves, numbering tens of thou
sands, and travel steadily southward.
Death pursues them in a hundred
forms. Hawks and other birds of prey
hover above them. Foxes, wolves and
man decimate them. Thousands are
drowned in rivers. Yet the rest strug
gle ou until they reach the sea. They
do not stop. They plunge in, swim out
and struggle on until at last their
Strength fails and they drown. Not
one ever roturns from this journey of
death.— London Answers. ,
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
When an attorney offers to settle,
listen. -;, ■';-
Some men try to get business by
fighting people.
The successful business man is one
who knows what ppople will not do.
When a man gets discouraged and
quits, the doctor says afterward that
that was Just the time when he should
have held on.
When one of the town boys marries
an out of town girl it creates more
"feeling" than when a town girl i im
ports a husband. , ".-
When a man wants to sharpen a
knife he hunts up a whetstone. When
a woman wants to sharpen a knife she
takes a few swipes on a crock.
. It often happens that the woman
who has a reputation far and wide as
a judge of a good bargain seems to fall
down when she picks out a husband. —
Atchlson Globe.
Prepnrednem.
Begin the morning by saying to thy
self, I shall meet the busybody, the un
grateful, arrogant, deceitful, envious
and unsocial, but I, who have seeu the
nature of the good, that It is beautiful,
and that of the bad, that it is ugly,
can be injured by none of them.—Mar
cus Aurelius.
JACKSON, AMADOE COUNTY. CALIFOILMA, FRIDAY. JANUARY 27, 1905.
THE LOST PARADISE
tHEORIES AS TO THE LOCATION OF
THE GARDEN OF EDEN.
The Conienaui of Learned Opinion
Supports the Belief That Adam and
Eve'H Original Home Wai on tha
Great Babyrbnian Plain.
Almost every spot of the globe hag
had the claim made on its, behalf that
It Is the site of vanished Eden. Most
persons seem agreed on the fact that
paradise has disappeared from our
midst. The question is, Where was It
situated? To those who deny the Bib
lical story of man's genesis the ques
tion takes another form, and they per
plex themselves as to the spot in which
man first appeared on this earth.
Some evade the . difficulty by saying
that man appeared in many different
spots— that he did not spring from
one original.
If we accept the doctrine of the Dar
winians we are forced to confess that
the place where man first evolved must
have been anything but. a garden of
Eden. It must have been a haunt of
mere animalism, and its food would
certainly not have been fruit. Rough
ly speaking, therefore, there are two
schools— those who believe that man
came from a divine original, but fell
away from his first estate, to which
with infinite labor he may return, and
those who'believe that he evolved from
the beast and is still evolving to the
greatness that he may ultimately at
tain. Setting aside these somewhat
discordant theories, we may well ask.
Where was Eden?
The soundest scientists j are . agreed
that mankind came from awingle ori
gin — whether a distinct creation or an
evolution is beside the mark— and the
original man must have had a local
habitation. The geographical manuals
and maps of the middle ages leave a
good deal to be desired In the matter of
accurate detail, but they have at least
the merit of boldness, "and If we go to
them for an answer to our question we
may get something like a definite re
ply. According to an old map of the
thirteenth century, paradise Is a cir
cular Island lying near India. It is
surrounded by a wall in which is a
gateway opening to the west. The
gate is closed and the wall quite In
surmountable. Our later atlases do
not locate this happy island.
Other early maps would have us be
lieve that Eden lay In central China.
We can go with these ancient geog
raphers so far as to place the probable
site of man's blrthrJtace In Asia, but
the consensus of learned opinion does
not incline either to India or China.
Eminent authority supports the idea
that Eden lay somewhere on the great
Babylonian plain, watered by the Tigris
and the Euphrates— the Peratb and
Hiddekel of Genesis. Other authorities
give their vote for Armenia, possibly
Influenced by the tradition which says
that the Ark rested on Mount Ararat,
but this tradition would ouly point to
Armenia as the probable first home of
postdiluvian man.
Professor Delitzsch and Professor
Sayce favor Babylon; Heidegger favors
Palestine; Media, Arabia and the up
per Nile have all then* supporters. Qua
trefages, treating the subject j solely
from a scientific standpoint, concludes
that linguistic and other human types
point to central Asia, but' does not de
cide on any precise locality. -
With the author of Genesis, as Dr.
Knllsch has remarked, "Eden is geo
graphically described in a manner
which leaves no doubt that distinct lo
cality was before the mind of the au
thor." Even to those who think that
this author was building on uncertain
traditions it must yet be of interest to
know what this locality was. Babylon
was the most fertile land known to the
ancient world; Its poorest fields repaid
cultivation flftyfold, Its better a hun
dredfold. Its luxuriance of fruit and
grain was so great as t« be actually
embarrassing. There Is no question at
all that this district was the seat of
Asia's earliest civilization and there
fore why not say of the world's?
The idea of man created perfect and
living in a garden of fruitful loveliness
has always had a fascination for poor
humanity, recognizing its present Im
perfections and the frequent distress-
Ing dlsmalncss of Its present surround
ings. Even those who knew nothing of
the Bible story pictured such a spot for
themselves. Every early, mythology
has its fortunate Isles, Its Atlantis, Its
Hesperides, its Arcadia and its Golden
Age. •;.;::
Some persons even conjectured that
paradise had not been on the earth at
all, but was nn island floating hi tht
ujr, something like the island visited
by Gulliver. They did not wish to
think that the sacred spot could be
submerged by the waters of the del
uge, and by this device tlrfsy raised It
above any such calamity. On this is
land dwelt the sacred phenix; the
well of life flowed there, the elixir of
Immortality; leaves never fell from the
trees; the sun shone always on a per
petual summer. Men declined to be
lieve that Eden had been destroyed
forever. They preferred to Imagine
that its gates were closed to them for
a season. To deem that such a spot
could vanish seemed sacrilegious.
Many an early voyager and explorer
had strange dreams of discovering
some earthly paradise when he set out
for unknown shores— dreams perhaps
not spoken, but secretly nourished and
strengthened by unconquerable forco
Of romantic superstition that lived In
the heart of ages In other ways so
dark. Even the Elizabethans dreamed
always of some more wonderful coun
try to be discovered. Their toils and
perils and fightings hart ever the re
deeming glamour of romance. In thosw
days was the true poetry of travel.
There was always some El Dorado,
some hidden Eden, to be reached.—
Kansas City Independent.
College of Notre Dame
MARYS VILLE, CALIFORNIA.
-
Boarding and Day School conducted by the Sis-
ters of Notre Dame (Namur). Founded in 1856
The curiculum embraces all the branches of
a solid English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses In art, language and music.
For further information address
aplO-tl SISTER SUPERIOR.
Consolation
KEITH GORDON
Through the stained glass above the
palms and roses the midday sun
streamed In, flecking the scene with
gorgeous j reds, blues and greens. It
shed a golden glory upon the tall, slen
der, graceful -bride, and at the sight
the best man shut his jaw a bit more
determinedly. She was looking more
than ever like an angel, and in five
minutes she would be the wife of his
best friend. That was the monotonous
sentence which kept repeating itself in
his mind. As if he were likely to for
get!
Opposite him and just behind the^
bride the maid of honor- stood. . Fo£
the moment she, too, had forgotten the
guests, forgotten everything save the
fact that the one man in the world
whom she might have loved— for she
always phrased it thus carefully to
herself — was at that moment vowing
to love and cherish her closest friend.
She had a curious feeling that when
she was an old, old wom%n, when a
yellow, withered face and dim, sad
eyes looked back at her from her mir
ror, she should still be able to live over
again the despair of this moment, when
the white robed clergyman was taking
him from her life, a -thousand times
more irrevocably than death could have
done.
There was a stir about her like the
rush of the wind. For a second she
was too lost In thought to understand;
then, as she dropped upon her knees
somewhat hurriedly, her bewildered
eyes caught those of the best man, cas
ually at first and then with a quick,
startled recognition of something she
saw there. He, too, had the air of a
person suddenly awakened from a
nightmare, momentarily uncertain of
the surroundings In which he found
himself,
A moment later she had forgotten
his very existence.
"He's Ethel's husband now— Ethel's
husband," she said sternly to herself,
skillfully turning a dry sob into a long,
broken breath and composing her face
to the radiant expression becoming the
bride's best friend.
Meanwhile the best man admonished
himself in a similar strain. "Steady
now, old man! Now's the time to get
out your happy smile." Then, as the
rigid musclqp of his face gave no Indi
cation of relaxing, his thoughts ran on
crossly: "Don't be an ass! It's the
worst ever, so you might as well ch.eer
UP!" "■■V
By the time the, great organ pealed
out the triumphant strains of the wed
ding march he and the maid of honor,
their masks on, faced the guests that
filled the church, ready to play their
parts for all they were worth. Some
thing in the music was at once an in
spiration and a challenge.
"Isn't she sweet?" whispered "one of
the guests to a companion, referring to
the maid of honor. "But how pale she
Is, and what a curious look there Is in
her eyes— sort of nothing can ever mat
ter again expression— and yet"—
The speaker stopped, staring thought
fully at the girl until she bad passed.
More than once during the course of
the wedding breakfast that followed
the best man found himself watching
her curiously. No one was gayer than
she — none so gay, in fact. Her eyes
were brilliant, and her laugh rang out
valiantly, but his own misery made
him subtly conscious of some under
current of feeling that was running
strong and pitiless under the surface
bubbles — an undertow of misery that
she was resisting with all her strength.
He remembered that when, during
the ceremony, {heir eyes had met in
that confused, unveiled glance she had
been staring at the groom as intently
as he had at the bride. Could It be—
He did not formulate the thought, but
he watched her more keenly than ever
after that— so keenly, indeed, that once,
unable to bear it apy longer, with an
appearance of unconsciousness she tax.
Ed him with it.
"You are very rude!" she gaid lightly,
but at his grave, sincere "Believe me, I
have not meant to be," and the search
ing look that accompanied It, express
ive of a sympathy he could not put
into words, her lips quivered ever so
slightly. "Weddings get upon my
nerves," she explained, with a little
grimace, and before he could reply she
had turned away.
The shower of rice and old shoes had
spent Itself, and the bride and groom
bad departed, taking all the romance
of the world with them and leaving be
hind a monotony without form and
void. All of the guests felt it, and al
ready the bustle of departure was in
the air. But to the best man and the
maid of honor it was a ghastly, appall
ing fact that made them linger on the
steps after the others had re-entered
the bouse, staring blankly after the
carriage that had disappeared around
the corner. Then the man remembered
where he was and pulled himself to
gether, with an effort. '
''Seems rather like the end of things,
doesn't It?" he observed as they turned
Into the doorway.
"From our standpoint, yes," was the
listless answer. Then she caught her
lip between her teeth and darted a
quick, inquiring glance at him. That
was not precisely what she would have
chosen to say, and she hoped that he
would not notice it. But at the sight of
the somber smile In his eyes the hope
passed.
In a snug corner of the deserted li
brary, where the farewells of the de
parting guests came to them but faint
ly, she next found herself, without be
ing very clear as to how she came
A^H. KUHLMAN
Contractor and Builder
Will do work in any part of
Amador County. If'you want
to build, send a note to Jackson
Postoflice and I will call on you.
Estimates furnished without cost
on any kind of building. Will
make plans and specifications for
you. mar2tf
there. The" Best man was sitting in
front of her holding one of her hands
!n a protecting, big brotherly fashion,
while she vainly tried to keep back the
tears that seemed to be rising as quiet
ly and relentlessly as a flood. It was
so use. Higher and higher they came.
She winked hard and shut her teeth
irmly. Then she snatched Her hand
iway and covered her face.
"My poor little girl," murmured the
*est man softly.
"Weddings are always sad, don't you
think?" she gasped out, dabbing at her
syes with her handkerchief and giving
1 little hysterical laugh. "Still, I don't
usually behave like this. You see, when
Four best friend man-ies— she— that Is—
sverything is different and"—' She gave
ap trying to explain the situation in de
spair and ended .with an incoherent,
,'But it's all very ridiculous, and I don't
mow why I should say all this to
rou."
She was the picture of helpless, girl
ish misery, and the best man's heart
jLgbed for her. Momentarily his sympa
chy took the edge off his own loneli
ness. He winced at the thought of her
having to suffer alone the maddening
sense of loss that tormented him.
-."Perhaps it's because misery loves
company," he said gently. "Perhaps
you feel that this wedding hasn't been
altogether like other weddings to me
either," he went on, with a matter of
fict air, as if It were the most natural
thing in the world that they should
be confiding in each other.
/She was watching him with a dawn
ing understanding in her eyes, and he
met her gaze with a whimsical smile,
as if he were offering her the open
book of his soul to read if she would.
"Do you mean that you, too"—
'_.- There was no need/to complete the
question, for it was answered before it
was spoken. Involuntarily her hands
went out to him in quick, warm sym
pathy, and though her only comment
was a breathless "Oh!" it was eloquent
with feeling.
Little by little her composure came
back to her, *••..
.•'lt .was so good of you to tell me,"
she said gratefully. "I think I feel as
Robinson Crusoe did when he discov
ered the man Friday.
"Not that I'm glad that you're un
happy, too," she added quickly; "only
it doesn't seem so lonely now that I
know that there is some one who un
derstands. After all, that's what makes
life worth living, isn't It?" she finished,
looking up at him with what seemed to
him the sweetest look he had ever seen
in 'a girl's face. */:'.
When at the end of six" months the
bride aud groom returned from their
honeymoon abroad the best man and
the maid of honor were among the first
of their dinner guests, ■.-';-
"See here; It seems to me that you
two have been making hay in our ab
sence," laughed the bride, noting with a
woman's quick instinct the deep, strong
understanding that seemed to exist be
tween the two, whereupon her listen
ers exchanged a somewhat humorous,
albeit confused, glance, but refused to
explain.
The following June they were mar
ried. Just before the Lohengrin march
the organist played "Consolation," at
which such of the guests as recognized
the selection elevated their eyebrows
and wondered. But the bride and groom
alone were in the secret. It was a case
of in memoriam. ~ ■■- '.;,'
The Professor's Lore Story.
An amusiug story Is told concerning
Professor Duncan of St. Andrew's uni
versity, who was in his younger days
a teacher in Dundee. The embryo
professor proposed to a lady, who curt
ly refused him. Shortly afterward Mr.
Duncan became Professor Duncan, and
the lady heard no more of him, not
even by letter.
Some time after she went to St. An
drew's to try the effect of sea bath-
Ing. She saw Duncan often, aud he
talked to her on every subject except
the subject she was now apparently
interested in.
At last she courageously screwed up
her courage and, coming to the point,
said:
"Mr. Duncan, there was a subject
you once mentioned to me some time
ago, and really I am rather surprised
that you have never recurred to It, for
I have changed my mind since that
time."
The professor simply remarked:
"Yes, but I, too, have changed my
mind."— London Tit-Bits.
Tie One Who TVaa Mad.
A corpulent Gorman came rushing in
to the circuit couvt one morning before
court was called and said:
"I vant to git varrant for a man to
kill a tog,"
"Well, 'my man, you don't come to
this court to get warrants in eases of
that kind. If you want the dog killed
you should go to a police court," said
the Judge.
The German started to leave, when
the judge inquired in an Interested
manner:
"Did the dog bite you?"
"Yeas, he bit me."
"Well, was the dog mad?"
"Vas de tog madt? No. I vas madt"
■s-Buffalo Commercial.
HID Opportunity Came,
Rear Admiral Charles D. Sigsbee, U.
S. N., was once advanced after a long
and patient wait from commander to
captain. On the day that he was pro
moted he went ashore and kept the
launch which was to take him to his
ship wafting beyond the appointed
time. When he finally strolled down,
Paymaster Charles W. Slamm, who
was in charge of the launch, said: "Cap
tain, you— you have just been promot
ed, and you— you have made a bad be
'glnning. You have kept the boat wait-
Ing leu minutes, sir." "Be calm, Mr.
Slamm," said the new captain, with a
tantalizing grin; "I've been waiting
years for the privilege,"
Ledger and Chicago Weekly Intor-
Ocean, both papers one year for $250
in advance.
TSJEW MAP OF AMADOR COUNTY, correct-
AN ed up to August, 190-1, with townsite map ot
each town, now ready. Price, mounted and col-
ored, 110 each. The map shows occupied and
unoccupied lands, mineral patents, township
and school district boundaries, location ot
schooluouses, etc. For sale only at tho Ledger
otllce. The number is limited. Apply at once.
■RECEIPT. BOOKS, for rent or general pur-
1 v poses, in books ot 30 or 100 each, for sale at
the Ledger office. Specially printed for Ama-
dor county. 330 per 100 receipts, 150 for 5a
A Soft Aiumer.
It was in 1872 that George Chesmore
Bromley, author of "Long Ago and
Later On," became a member of the Bo
hemia club of San Francisco and soon
found himself "Sire of the Low Jinks,"
which occasion he vividly recalls, and
especially Ills arrival at home after
ward, lie writes: "My dear little wife
awoke at my entrance and inquired the
time. I looked at my watch and re
plied, 'Ten minutes past 10,' and then
laid the watch on the mantelpiece.
Having some doubts as to the correct
ness of my ' reply, the little woman
arose and looked for herself. • 'What
time did you say it was?' she asked
ugaln. 'Ten minutes past 10,' said I.
Ten minutes past 10! Why, it only
lacks ten minutes of 2,' said she. 'Is
that so?' said I. 'Why, bless my soul,
how time flies! I had no idea that I
had been home so long.' This was an
other occasion when I realized that 'a
Goft answer turneth away, wrath. 1 "
WnstllnK With itae , Spaniard.
When Walter Williams, from Colum
bus, Miss., was in Spain in the sum
mer of 1003 he called upon a provin
cial editor In the interest of the St.
Louis exposition. The next day the
paper hnd the following: "Walter Wil
liams of the United States purchased
the stiito of Louisiana and next year
will give a celebration^ to which he in
vites his fellow journalists of Europe."
Mr. Williams again called upon the ed
itor and thoroughly explained matters.
The editor apologized and printed this
correction: "Governor Francis of Mis
souri has purchased -a large tract of
land in the Great American desert, and
Walter Williams Is here to invite the
Journalists of Spain to a show which
the governor will give next year." Mr.
Williams fled the place, fearful the ed
itor might explain sonio more.
Rossetti's Awfnl Breakfast.
It was at one time arranged that
Dante Gabriel Rossetti, his brother
William and Swinburne and George
Meredith should live together In a
certain house. Meredith happened to
see Dante Gabriel Rossetti at break
fast and changed his plans. Meredith
himself tells the story. "It was past
noon," says he. "Rossetti had not yet
risen, though it was an exquisite day.
On the breakfast table on a huge dish
rested five thick slabs of bacon, upon
which five rigid eggs had slowly bled
to death. Presently Rossetti appear
ed in his dressing gown, with slippers
down at heel, and devoured the dainty
repast like an ogre." That meal was
tog much for Meredith, and he sacri
ficed three months' rent rather than
see It repeated.
The Sphinx's Riddle.
The riddle which the sphinx pro
pounded to the Thebans and the solu
tion of which she made a condition of
her withdrawal from the state was as
follows: "What animal has one voice,
at first four, then two and at last three
feet?" CKdipus discovered the answer
to be "man," who in Infancy, from
using his hands as well as his feet In
walking, may be sold to have four feet
(all fours), in after life employs but
two, and In old age to these he adds a
staff, which may be reckoned a third.
Upon this solution being given the
sphinx is said to have thrown herself
headlong from the citadel. -
[HE above picture of the
man and fish is the trade-
hnark of Scott's Emulsion,
and is the synonym for
strength and purity. It is sold
in almost all the civilized coun-
tries of the globe.
If the cod fish became extinct
it would be a world-wide calam-
ity, because the oil that comes
from its liver surpasses all other
fats in nourishing and life-giving
properties. ! Thirty years ago
the proprietors of Scott's Emul-
sion found a way of preparing
cod liver oil so that everyone can
take it and get the full value of
the oil without the objectionable
taste. Scott's Emulsion is the
l>est thing in the world for weak,
backward children, thin, delicate
people, and all conditions of
wasting and lost strength.
Send for free sample.
SCOTT & BOWKE, Chemists
409-41S PKABt STBEKT. NKTV VOJIK
SOc. and (1.00. All druggists.
UNION HOUSE
Jackson,
• I *
• Amador Co.
Meals to Order at all Hours
RECULAR MEALS 25 CTS-
Board and Lodging by the Day,
Week or Month.
Frank Simcich - -lew- • Prop
AN ODD FISH.
Queer Marine Monster a Natural Es>
emy to Whales.
While operating at a fishery in Ad
miralty island, Alaska, one summer my
attention and the attention of the fish
ing crew were almost daily attracted to
a large marine creature that would ap
pear in the main channel of Seymonr
canal and our immediate vicinity.
There are large numbers of whales of
the species rorqual there, and the mon
ster seemed to be their natural enemy.
The whales generally travel in schools,
and while, at the surface to blow one
would be singled out and attacked by
the fish, and a battle was soon in order.
Xt is the nature of the rorqual to
make three blows at intervals of from
two to three minutes each, and then
sound deep and stay beneath the sur
face for thirty .or forty minutes. As a
whale would come to the surface there
would appear "always at the whale's
right side and just about where his
head would connect with the body a
great long tail or fln, "Judged by five
fishermen and a number of Indians,
after seeing It about fifteen times at
various distances," to be about twenty
four feet long, two and one-half feet
wide at the end and tapering down to
the water, where it seemed to be about
eighteen inches in diameter, looking
very much like the blade of the fan of
an old fashioned Dutch windmill.
' The great club was used on the back
of the unfortunate whale in such a
manner that it was a wonder to me
that every whale attacked was not in
stantly killed. Its operator seemed to
have perfect control of its movements
and would bend it back until the end
would touch the water, forming a
horseshoe loop; then with a sweep it
would be straightened and brought
over and down on the back of the
whale with a whack that could be
heard for several miles. If the whale
was fortunate enough to submerge it
self before the blows came, the spray
would fly for a distance of a hundred
feet from the effect of the stroke, mak
ing a report as loud as a yacht's signal
gun.
What seemed most remarkable to me
was that, no matter which way the
attacked whale went or how fast (the
usual speed Is about fourteen knots),
that great club would follow right
along by its side and deliver those tre
mendous blows at intervals of about
four or five seconds. It would always
get In from three to five blows at each
of the three times the whale would
come to the surface to blow. The
whale would generally rid itself of the
enemy when It took. Its deep sound,
especially if the water was forty
fathoms or more deep. ' During the day
the attack was always offshore, but
at night the whales would be attacked
in the bay and within 400 yards of the
fishery.
I do not know of any whales being
killed, but there were several that had
great holes and sores on their backs.
Questioning the Indians about it, I was
told that there was only one, that it
had been there for many, years and that
It once attacked an Indian canoe and
with one stroke of the- great club
smashed the canoe into splinters, kill
ing and drowning several of Its occu
pants.—Forest and Stream. .
Slam.
The worth thing that can happen to
a man lnTSiain is to get into debt, from
which there Is never any escape, owing
to the exorbitant Interest charged.
Once in debt there is no appeal, the
debtor being stripped of his clothes and
compelled to work In fetters, generally
for the rest of his life, to pay the inter
est Drunkards are not permitted to
give evidence in the law courts of
Slam. The Buddhist priests, clad in
yellow robes, are to be seen every
where in Bangkok, and It Is quite com
mon for young men to enter the priest
hood, which affords them an easy and
luxurious existence, owing to the lib
erality of the populace toward any one
sanctioned to the service of Buddha.
A Chlneae Colnmbnn.
The belief in a Chinese Columbus was
first allowed by scholars only In the
first half of the last century. The
claim is that a Buddhist priest In the
fifth century crossed the Pacific to this
continent and returned, making a writ
ten report of his discovery. The report
still exists. It was translated into
French in 1791 by M. de Guignes. It
gave a narrative of a voyage eastward
by a priest for 20,000 11, where he found
a country which he named Fusang.
-People similar to the Indians were de
scribed, as well as American plants.
The only doubt about the matter is as
to the distance meant by 20,000 11. The
priest may have reached only some is
land in the Pacific ocean.
■Well Timed.
"That was n great semion you
preached ! this morning," said the old
churchwarden, "and it was well timed
too."
"Yes," rejoined the parson, with a
deep sigh. "I noticed that."
"Noticed what?" asked the puzzled
warden.
"That several of the congregation
itdked at then- watches frequently,"
answered the old man, with another
deep sigh.— London Telegraph.
An Unpardonable Fault.
Flgg— Goodman is dead. He has leii
a most beautiful and a correct Ufa
Everybody praises him. v Fogg— But,
confound him, he trumped my ace one;;
when we were playing partners at
whist.
Sorry He Spoke.
Caller— What did sister say whei,
you told her I was here? Tommy-
She said, "Oh, thunder!"— Boston Trav
eler.
Rhythm and time in the art of musio
have to come from the heart, not from
the machine.— Dr. Joachim.
Violated the Rales.
Assistant — Here's an account from
jour tailor among this morning's let
ters. He writes on the back that he
wants a settlement at once. Editor-
Return It with a printed slip stating
that communications written on both
sides of the paper are unavailable.
An Inherited ttuollty.
Ulk« (the cop)— Faith, an' phwat an
ould fashioned kid thot Is! Katy (the
nnrse)— Shure It is. An* no wondher
tUot she is, fcr some ay her anclstora
tlvod nearly 400 years ago,— Judge.
Five Cents Per Copy.
Conditions'TnaVtnnt For
Marriage.
The low paid employee today can suc
ceed as well alone as with a wife,
which his ancestors could not do. At
the same time his selfish enjoyments
are greater without her, for he may live
Irresponsibly, without a motive to save
and with all his surplus available for
wayside pleasures of an antisocial sort.
The disintegrating forces of a great
city upon homeless youth are too obvi
ous to need emphasis. The wage earn
ing girl, on her part, is likely to acquire
the taste of fragmentary, pointless and
unproductive spending. Both form
habits harmful to the altruistic mo
tives of group living—of the home idea.
A man who goes.from the saloon, street
corner or cheap pleasure club, a girl
who leaves the dance hall and pave
ment glitter to make a home for him,
the bare necessities of which are hardly
met by his wages, are not qualified by
their experiences t 0 bring to a success-,
ful issue the supreme test of character
that makes stable a high standard.—
Professor Simon N. ■ Fatten in Inde
pendent.
Mediaeval Monarch*.
Almost every mediaeval monarch
claimed the whole or a part of the
dominions of almost every other and
Insisted on Inserting his claim in bis
list of official titles. In treatises and
all official documents the whole list
was religiously copied, and as It often
happened that the two negotiating
monarchs had some of the same titles
It became usual to' Insert a clause In
the list, non praejudlcando, In order to
indicate that, no matter how absurd,
Inappropriate or untrue were the titles,
they were understood to be Inserted be
cause they pleased the monarch who
claimed them, that they did not confer
a valid claim, and so no harm was
likely to result from their use.
An Ingenious Scheme.
A story Is told of a Chicago girl
whose verses were always "declined
with thanks" who hit upon the fol
lowing unique plan for haying them
published. She would send a line of
Terse from - one of her poems to the
query column of some newspaper and
ask from what poem such a line came,
the name of the poem and of the au
thor. A friend, also a rhymester,
would send the querist's own poem to
the paper with the desired Informa
tion, and of course It would appear In
print The querist would do the same
for the friend and so on until between
them they had all their "poems" print
ed.
Feathered Barometers.
There are lots of birds which proph
esy rain and storm in their action*.
Crows, gulls, wild duck, snipe, plovers,
woodpeckers, cormorants, wild and
tame swans and most of the wading
birds show great restlessness , when
etormy weather is approaching! | They
fly swiftly and often aimlessly up ana
down, fluttering from tree to tree and
place to place, and usually scream loud
ly and harshly.— Nature.
The Simple Life.
In my wanderings ' on foot when I
walk through the provinces of Europe
and talk to the people and fish and
learn I find that what people lack most
in life Is simplicity, the poor man as
well as the rich. It consists not In
plain dress, but in plain living, in sim
plicity of heart, of personal beliefs and
respect for the beliefs of others.— Rev.
Charles Wagner.
Canse For Sorrow.
Brown— Smith is down with brain
fever. Green— You don't say so! Brown
—Yes. The doctor says if he recovers
his mind will be a # blank. Green-
Well, I'm sorry to hear that He owes
me $10.
Spitefnl.
Sate— Do you think it's true that
people catch anything through kissing^
Madge— Oh, I don't think so. See how
often you've been kissed and you**»
never caught anybody yet
.Hn who brings ridicule to bear
igalnst truth finds in his band a blad*
Without a hilt— Landor.
The Retort Amiable.
' Mistress— l don't want you to haT«
so much company. You have more call
ers in a day than I have In a weeje.
Domestic— Well, mum, perhaps if yctfd
try to be a little more agreeable yotfd
have as many friends as I have.
Serions Mistake.
Dr. Cutts— l made an awful mistake
vrhen I diagnosed that man's case as
appendicitis. Dr. Slash— What did th»
operation disclose? Dr. Cutts— That to
didn't have a cent.— Cleveland Leader.
■IHSIISIJ
MIDICIMEI
If yon are nervous and tired oat
continually you could have no
clearer warning of the approach
of serious female trouble.
Do not wait until you suffer un-
bearable pain before you seek treat-
ment. You need Wine of Cardui
now just as much as if the trouble
were more developed and the tor-
turing pains of disordered men-
struation, bearing down pains,
leucorrhoea, backache and nead-
ache were drivingyou to the un-
failing relief that Wine of Cardui I
has brought hundreds of thousands B
of women and will bring you. \\ 1
Wine of Cardui will drive out I
all trace of weakness and banish H
nervous spells, headache and back- I
ache and prevent the symptoms I
from quickly developing into dan- I
serous troubles that will be hard 1
to check. Secure a $ 1.00 bottle of I
Wine of Cardui today. If your m
dealer does not keep it, send the I
money to the Ladies' Advisory I
Dept., The Chattanooga Medicine H
Co., Chattanooga, Term., and the H
medicine will be sent you. HTHE AMADOR LEDGER
Published Fridays by
Amador County Publishing Co.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One year (to advance : 12 50
One year (if not in advance) 3 00
Sixmontbs I 25
Three months ; 75
One or more copies, each 10
Legal advertising— per sqr.-lst insertion. II 00
Subsequent Insertions— per square-each. . 50
ENTERED AT THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS
SECOND-CLASS MATTER.
R. WEBB • - - - Editor and Manager
FRIDAY JANUARY 27, 1905
FACED WITH REVOLUTION.
The internal struggles now in
progress between the toiling, down
trodden masses of Russia and the
ruling class of the nobility are sig
nificant of coming revolution. The
fires of discontent have been smolder
ing for many years, but the policy of
undue expansion urged on regard
less of consequences fur the benefit
of the grand dukes, which has re
sulted in the disastrous war with
Japan, has brought on the crisis,
and fanned the incipient discontent
into active revolt. Conditions in
the Russian empire today are very
similar to those that prevailed in
France immediately preceding the
great French revolution. A weak
ling king, Louis XVI, was then pre
siding over the destinies of France.
He was a wellrdisposed monarch,
anxious for the welfare of his people,
but lacking in firmness of character
to meet the momentous crisis of that
time. Russia is now presided over
by a weak though good-meaning em
peror in the person of Nicholas 11.
He is simply a tool in the hands of
designing dukdoms, who are for ever
plotting for their own aggrandise
ment, regardless of the distress of
the under classes. France over a
century ago was permeated with
political organization, clamoring for
redress of grievance. The people
were ground under the heel of des
potism by burdensome taxation, and
the denial of demands for reform,
until the yoke was too grievous to
be borne. Russia is in a similar
plight. The laboring population is
over-taxed, ill-paid and over-worked.
Long hours for a mere pittance of
wages, these wages as well as the
substance of the producing classes —
the agriculturists — eaten up by the
demands of the government, have
brought the masses to despair of
redress by peaceable methods. The
right of petition is denied. Revolu
tionary clubs known as Nihilists
thrive throughout the empire, and
have been quietly but indefatigably
spreading their propaganda of re
form. This explosive element has
been held in check so far by military
despotism. Class prejudices are
strong in the land of the Czar. The
peasantry have little feeling of re
spect for the nobility. They regard
them as oppressors. On the other
hand the nobles look upon the masses
as ignorant and incapacitated for
any share in the affairs of govern
ment, and fit subjects for oppression.
Moreover, Russia, like France, at the
close of the eighteenth century, is
priest ridden. The church has been
a powerful factor in holding the
masses in subjection. The church
and the government are practically
the same. The Czar is the civil and
religious head of the Russian people,
and no where, not even in Moslem
countries, does veneration for the
native faith exist to a greater extent
than in Russia. At the outbreak of
the Japanese war sacred relics and
images — ikons — were shipped to the
front by car loads. It was in defer
ence to the idea that in the presence
of the symbols of their faith Russian
arms were invincible, even in a war
that was far from being popular
with the masses. The stern logic of
facts has brushed aside all these
claims. The armies of the Mascovite
have met with uniform defeat in
stead of victory as promised. The
recruiting of the army by forced con
scription is being resisted; workmen
at the government factories are on
strike, the industries of the country
are paralized, the royal family has
fled, frightened at the menacing at
titude of the populace; the military,
to subdue the turbulence, has shot
the people down by hundreds in
sight of the imperial palace, thereby
widening the gap between the con
tending factions — the one resolved
to arbitrary and despotic measures,
the other resolved to be free. Where
will it end. On the eve* of the
mighty upheaval in France, an eye
witness of the scenes of violence and
lawlessness in the streets remarked
to one of the leaders of the popular
uprising, "This is insurrection."
"Sire, it is revolution," was the sig
nificant and prophetic reply.
In Kansas they have apparently
solved the attache scandal. The last
legislature had 232 attaches. The
evil had been growing for many
years, and reached its climax at the
above stated limit. A howl was
made, and a reform movement under
the significant name of Boss Busters
was inaugurated, and got in its work
in good shape. The legislature now
in session in that state is getting
along swimmingly with 36 attaches.
A boss buster campaigu might be
profitable, as it certainly would be
popular, in California. Amador
county is about ripe for such a
crusadd
PROPOSED CONSTITUTION CON
VENTION.
Ihe subject of calling another con
stitutional convention to frame a
brand new state constitution is being
discussed. It is likely that the leg
islature will take action in that di
rection at this session. The present
constitution was adopted when the
sand-lot agitation was at its flood.
The organic law bears the impress
of that movement. Few will deny
that it is far from being a model con
stitution. It has taken all these
years to have its doubtful provisions
interpreted by the supreme court.
Moreover it is a long way from be
ing fully and stably settled yet. The
same process of interpretation would
have to be goue through again in
the event of a new constitution.
The law would then for years be in a
more uusettled condition than it is
now. It would take many years to
reach the vantage ground we occupy
now, if a new constitution were
sprung upon us. Faulty though
our fundamental law. may be, it is
doubtful if a constitutional conven
tion would remedy matters. We
can . better mend the defects by
amendments than attempt the cure
all process of a new instrument. Of
course to call a constitutional con
vention would require a favorable
vote of the people. The expense of
a convention wQuld be heavy, with
the chances of betterment extremely
slim. The Ledger is of the opinion
that we can do better by sticking to
the old document, and patching it
up at intervals, as we have been do
ing for the past twenty years.
11*
Bean the The Kind You Have Always Bought
The people of the state generally
would take.more stock in the pro
fessions of reform of the legislative
solons now in session at Sacramento
if the law makers would first tackle
the abuses within their own ranks.
They certainly do not expect much
from a body of grafters who pile on
attaches so that they are tumbling
over each other, and are really an
impediment rather than a help in
the line of legislative work. It has
got to be a serious question whether
the members are running the at
taches, or the attaches running the
legislators.- "Physician heal thy
self," is a motto which the California
legislators would do well to apply to
themselves. There is no branch of
the government that is more in need
of reform than the state legislature.
That body seems to think that its
most important work is to fasten an
army of attaches upon the public
treasury. The people pray to be de
livered from the biennial raids of
these law makers. It is the crying
evil, whose baleful influence tends to
demoralize the state government. ,^\
CASTOniA.
Bean the _^ hB Kind Yob Haw Always Bought
The direct legislation league has
had introduced a proposed constitu
tional amendment providing for the
initiative and referendum in state,
cities and counties. Any ordinance
of city or county or law of the state
must be submitted to a vote of the
people on a petition signed by ten
per cent of the qualified voters.
Notwithstanding the slow and cum
bersome method of law making which
this would entail, it is realized by
many thinking men throughout the
state that this plan affords a solu
tion of the problem of getting rid of
unwholesome enactments which are
passed for the benefit of a few inter
ested parties.
There is much talk about abolish
ing the state poll tax. It is the
most unpopular -tax ever devised,
cry these abolitionists. Is any form
of taxation popular with the par
ticular class that has to plank down
the coin? People are not enamored
with taxation of any sort. They pay
taxes from necessity rather than
choice. The poll tax is most unpop
ular because it hits the largest num
ber. It is not an unjust tax. It is
the only way of reaching tens of
thousands of persons who, while
sharing in the benefits of govern
ment, would otherwise contribute
nothing to its support. To repeal
the poll tax would wipe half a mil
lion dollars from the state's income,
and this at a time when statesmen
are racking their brains to find new
sources of revenue to meet the grow
ing demands of government.
A Guaranteed Cora For Files.
Itching, Blind, Bleoding or Protrud
ing Piles. Druggists refund money if
pazo ointment fails to cure any
case, no matter of how long standing,
in 6to 14 days. First application gives
ease and rest. 50c. If your druggist
hasn't it send 50c in stamps and it will
be forwarded post-paid by Paris Medi
cine Co., St. Louis, Mo. ,_•
Grand Ball.
Thoro will be a grand ball in Taylor's
, hall, Amador City, under tho auspices
, of the Catholic Altar Society, for the
benefit of the Catholic church of that
place on the evening of February 10th.
Music by Bower's orchestra. Tickets
$1.00. Supper 50c per plate. 2t
,
'
■
To Curs A Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tab
lets. All druggist* refund the monoy
if it falls to cure. E. W. Grove's sig
nature is on each box. 25c.
THE OrADOR ledger: JACKSOK, CALIFORNIA, FBIPAY, JANTJABY 27, 1905.
MISCELLANEOUS. .
WeaK
JL JL \m* CkMT Cv 9
Are due to Indigestion. Ninety-nine cf every
one hundred people who have heart trouble
can remember when It was simple Indiges-
tion. It is a scientific .fact that all cases of
heart disease, not organic, are not only
traceable to, but are the direct result of indi-
gestion. All food taken into the stomach
which fails of perfect digestion ferments and
swells the stomach, puffing it up against the
heart. This Interferes with the action of
the heart, and in the course of time that
delicate but vital organ becomes diseased.
Mr. D. Ktubla, of Nevada, 0., says: I had stomach
trouble and was In a bad state as I hsd heart troubla
with it. 1 took Kodol Dyspepsia Cure for about four
months and it cured me,
Kodol Digests What You Eat
and relieves the stomach of all nervous
strain and the heart of all pressure.
Bottlesonly, $1.00 Size holding 24 times the trial
size, which sells for 50c,
Prepared by E. O. DeWITT &00.. CHICAGO.
City Pharmacy, Jackson. •_
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
I The following instruments have been tiled
for record in the recorder's office since our last
report. We publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to accede to
any request to suppress any document from
these columns. Don't ask us to do so.]
DEEDS.
John Smail to James B. Lucas — Last
Chance mining claim, Camp Opra dis
trict, $1.
J. S. Amick and wife to Marie Cottel
— Lot near lono, three quarters of a
mile west of lone, $62.
George Salzgeber and wife to Ursula
Yager— One-half of SW} of NEI and
SE} of NWJ. 30-6-10, $1. -
Louisa Costa to A. H. Mac Nutt —
Lots 3 and 4 block 6, Amador City; $50.
Lucy A. Voigt and Robert F. Voigt
to C. C. Hatler— Lot 3 block 11, lone,
$400.
D. M. Boone to George Courtright —
SWJ of NEJ, 34-6-10, ,S3OO.
John P. Yager to Frederick Yager —
Half interest in 360 acres in sees 20-21
and 29 t 7 r 9, $10.
Estate of Jas. T. .Wheeler— Decree
setting asido estate for benefit of widow,
Emma F. Wheeler.
DEED OF TRUST.
Atlas Contract and Supply Company
and R. F. Crist and F. Kronenberg—
4-89 acres in lone, to secure payment of
$5364 due last named party by party of
first part, interest at 6 per cent.
MORTGAGES. .' . v-
Frank Simcich and wife to Mitchel
Buich— Lot 6 block 3, Jackson, $1200,
three years, 6 per cent.
Mary J. Hartman to Bank of Ama
dor county— Lot 1 block 2, Jackson,
$750, ono year, 8 per cent.
C. C. Hatler and wife to Wiett
Nichols— Lot 3 block 11, lono, $400.
Francis M. Petty and wife to V. and
J. Podosta— 643 acres, sees 31 and 36-6
11, $3000, one year, 8 percent.
S. A. Phillips and wifo to J. W. Joses
—Lands in 18-6-10, $200, one year, 8
per cent.
SATISFACTION OF MORTGAGES.
J. W; Joses to S. A. Phillips and wife.
John Cavagnaro and Henry Cavag
naro to Adolph Cottel and wife.
Simon Prouty to E. Hammack and
L. T. Lewis.
V. and J. Podesta to F. M. Petty.
LEASE.
Richard Webb to Robert I. Kerr—
Lot 15 block 7, Jackson, five years,
$32.50 per month. Assignment of said
lease by R. I. Kerr to W. H. Boydston,
and consent of R. Webb to said assign
ment.
MISCELLANEOUS.
James Toman and wife with Central
Trust Co. of San Francisco — Notice of
deposit in escrow by first parties with
second parties of papers affecting title
of Tanner ranch near Sutler Creek.
MINING LOCATIONS.
George Greenwood, Maud quartz
claim, Jackson district, 600x1200 foot.
John Smail, Last Chance quartz mine.
Camp Opra district, 600x1500 feet.
PROOF OF LABOR.
John E. Kerigan, on "What Will I
Get" claim, Forest Homo district.
Marguerita Molfino, on Marguorita
quartz claim, Clinton district.
William Hanley and John Hanley,
on Little Cedar placer mine, Clinton
district.
H. P. Gordon, Martin quartz mine,
Plymouth district, also on Goldon Gate
quartz mine. Plymouth.
Tonic to the System.
For liver troubles and constipation
there is nothing hotter than DeWitt's
Little Early Risers, tho famous little
Pills. Thoy do not weaken the stom
ach. Their action upon tho system is
mild, pleasant and harmless. Bob
Moore, of LaFayotte, Ind., says: "No
use talking, DeWitt's Little Early
Risers do their work. AH other pills I
have used gripe and mako mo sick in
tho stomach and never cured mo. De-
Witt's Littlo Early Risers proved to bo
tho long sought reliof. They are simply
perfect. ' ' Persons traveling find Littlo
Early Risers tho most reliable remedy
to carry with them. . Sold by all drug
gists.
CHARLES LYONS
THS LONDON TAILOR
Tie Largest Tailoring Firm on Bib Pacific Coast
Suits to Order from - $17.50
Trousers to Order from 5.00
• Samples and Self Measurement Forms
free by mail. '
Suits delivered with privilege of exam-
ination and with a positive guarantee of
satisfaction.
721 Market St. 122 Kearny St.
I SAN FRANCISCO
Hotel Business for Sale.
THE UNION HOUSE BUSINESS, situated
on Main street, Jackson, Is offered for sale
with all furnitures and lixiurus complqte. The
house contains 30 sleeping rooms, bar, dining
room and complete equipment in every way,
and recently rctitted throughout. Doing a good
business, rooms all filled. This is an excellent
opportunity for any person wishing to engage
In tho hotel business. Good reasons for wisn-
ing to sell. For particulars apply to F. Sim-
cich on tho premises. dccO-tf
Notice of Assessment.
DEL MONTE MINING AND MILLING COMPANY.
Location of principal place of business, Jack-
son, Amador county, California.
Location of works, Railroad Flat Mining Dis-
trict, Calaveras county, California.
"VTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AT
JLX a regular meeting of tho Hoard of Direct-
ors, held on the 3rd day of January, A. D. 1905,
an assessment of livo cents (sc) per share was
levied upon tho subscribed capital stock of the
corporation, payable immediately in United
States coin, to tho Secretary of the said Com-
pany, at his office in tho Marclia Building on
Summit street, in Jackson, Amador county
California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 6th day of Feb., 1905, will
be doclared delinquent, and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment is made
before, will be sold on Monday, the 27th day of
February, 1905, to pay the delinqueut assess-
ment, together with the cost of advertising and
expenses of sale
By order of the Board of Directors.
JAS. JAY WRIGHT, Secretary
Office in tho Marelia Building, on Summit
Street, Jackson, Amador county, California.
Letter From Sacramento.
Sacramento, Jan. 25. — The real
important legislation is beta? worked
out in committees, especially the joint
committee which is sitting every morn
ing with the governor for the purposo
of reforming the laws. Of course noth
ing is more important than the system
of taxation in a community. '.lt was
because our revolutionary fathers ob
jected to the scheme of taxation pro
posed by the English parliament that
the United States is today one of the
great nations of tho world. If this
legislature shall reform the tax system
of California it will have made a record
for itself, and that is just what it is
going to do, the pessimists to the con
trary notwithstanding. While the
exact system that is to take the place
of the presont system has not been
worked out as yet in detail, nevertho-.
jess its radical principle is known. It
is indirect as opposed to direct taxa
tion. Instead of land and property of
that character bearing the chief bur
den, it might also bo said the entire
burden of taxation, as it does now
under the new scheme, the saloons, the
corporations and the luxuries of life
ljke automobiles will be the subjects of
taxation.
The sum to be raised is, $6,000,000.
The state spends $9,000,000, but the
other three millions are raised in sev
eral ways that do not require direct
taxation. The schools for instance,
have incomes from investments, and
there are minor sources of rovonue. Of
the expenditures of the state more than
one half is spent in caring for the chil
dren and unfortunate, and indeed if thu
charitable expenditures bo added the
cost of the state government is vory
little. It is proposed to raiso this
money first by a state tax on saloons.
Tho tax will be about $200 a year, pay
able quarterly, and there will be enough
saloons to make tho yearly income from
that sourco about a million. It, is cal
culated that sixteen per cent of the sa
loons, or about a thousand, will be
driven out of business, as besides tho
state thero will be tho regular federal
and county taxes, or city if the saloon
is in a municipality, to pay. There are
said to be 55,000 corporations in this
stato, and if they pay only ten dollars
a year tho income is not to be despised,
but it will be graded and tbo chances
that a million more than $550,000 will
be raised from them.
Thero is tho poll tax, but this is more
likely to be repealed than anything
else, for of all the taxes that have ever
been devised the poll tax seems to be
the most unpopular. Tbo proposition
is also to make an inheritance tax, and
to make it apply to direct as well as
collateral inheritances as it does now.
It is thought that that will raiso nearly
a million more. So far'as corporations
are concerned the burden of taxation
on those which own property will be
no greater than it is now, only it will
be differently assessed and collected.
It is probable that the new tax bills
will not entirely do away with direct
taxation. Possibly only one half of the
amount needed for the state expenses
will be collected under the new system,
which will be gradually enlarged as the
years go by until direct taxation ceases,
but the tax will only be enough under
the present system to pay the school
bills, which is about 22.3 per hundred.
The matter; is of such importance that
it deserves to bo generally discussed,
for of course no one in the entire state
will be uneffected directly or indirectly
by the new laws. Nothing more rad
ical has been proposed since California
entered the union.
Of scarcely less importance than the
taxation schemos are tboso for prison
reform, for thero is no more crying evil
in California than the condition of the
state prisons. The committee having
the matter in charge on the assembly
side of the eauitol has spent many
evenings going over the bills and care
fully investigating them, and as a re
sult they have laid before tho assembly
a complete change in the system of the
two reform schools and tho two prisons.
The bills were reported back on Tues
day, and are understood to have tho
indorsement of tho governor. They
wore prepared with great care by Pres
cott and McKenney originally, and
have now been studied by Lynch, Bliss,
Amorige, Beckette, Ells, Olmstead,
Bolyle and Wickersham. One of the
best lavys is a bill repealing the existing
law which provides that counties shall
pay for the care of tho persons sent to
either Whittier or the Preston School
of Industry, which has led many judges
to send boys to the penitentiary to
save their county eleven dollars a
month.
That was the pet measure of Beckott
of San Francisco, who by securing the
repeal will not only do an act that will
be of great benefit to many boys who
might be saved from ruin by being sent
to reform schools instead of tho state
prisons, ! but who has also saved his
county a thousand dollars and more a
month that it is now spending for boys
it has sent to one or other of the
schools. So far as tho public is con
cerned it will mako no difference, as
they have simply been paying the
monoy all along, and it will now remain
in tho county instead of going into the
state treasury.
No boys under sixteen will bo sent to
Preston if the new system prevails, and
only children under sixteen to Whittier,
if they are boys. Girls go to Whittior
until they are twenty-one, though they
are only committed there when they
are under eighteen . First termers go
to San Quentin and second termers to
Folsom. Criminals and convicts insane
will probably be sent to tho state hos
pital in Mendocino coimty near Ukiah.
The farmers and the professors of the
state university are likely to come to a
collision over the question of the agri
cultural college appropriations. Tho
president, regents and professors want
a building at Berkeley in which thoy
can carry on experiments and educate
nominal farmers. So far their grad
uates have not averaged one a year, so
the effect of the college on the farming
community of California has boen abso
lutely nil. But it is now proposed to
have a farm where experiments can be
carried on, and would-be farmers get
a thoroughly practical education. Tho
sum of $250,000 is asked for that pur
pose. President Wheeler declares ho
favors the farm idea, but tho friends
of the farmers have vory little confi
dence in Wheelor, whom" thoy believe
is at heart opposed to them, and who
looks down on the agricultural com
munity. Ho mado cortain promises
two years ago when tho same subject
was before tho legislature, which the
friends of the education of farmer boys
believe he has not kopt, and this year
ho came hero and advocated cutting
the appropriations for tho farm and
building in half, which of course would
cripple the former project far more
than the latter, as a farm will need
money to equip and start, while a
building can be put up slowly and more
money secured two years hence. There
is therefore a controversy between
building and farm, though tho farm
seems to bo on top at this writing.
Charles A. Vogelsang, chief deputy
on the board of fish commissioners, is
here in the interest of the gun clubs
and wealthier classes in tho stato, and
has succeedod in securing the intro
duction of a number of bills which
would forbid any one in California buy
ing a duck, and would prevent the
poorer classes fishing and hunting for
a living. It is one of the worst bills
and clearest cases of class legislation
ever proposed in the state. Ho pro
poses to tax every man who carries a
gun in the state, and would forbid fish
ing as well as hunting. Ido not think
the people of California appreciate
what this man is trying to do, although
he is their servant and is drawing a
large salary out of tho treasury whilo
MISCELLANEOUS.
Aytrs
Falling hair means weak hair.
Then strengthen your hair;
feed it with the only hair food,
Ayer's Hair Vigor. It checks
falling hair, makes the hair
Hair Vigor
grow, completely cures dan-
druff. And it always restores,
color to gray hair, all the rich,
dark color^of early life.
" My hair was falling out badly and I tvas
afraid I won 1.1 lose it all. Tlicn I tried Ayer'3
Hair Vha<r, 1 1 iprickly stopped the falling and
made nu Uuie a 11 1 could wish it to be."
lUdixoa IS. ALLEN, Elizabeth, N. J.
81.00 a bottle. j. cater CO.,
Alljlriireiats. foj* T.»\Tyll. Maaa.
Falling Hair
ho is hero lobbying in the interests of
the gun clubs of the state. Do tho
farmers and boys who go hunting on
Sundays and holidays and who liko to
fish occasionally, realize that an effort
is being made to make those amuse
ments quasi criminal in order that a
few men may enjoy the sport which has
always been the right of the many? Do
the people understand that every man
who has a shot gun is to bo taxed, for
tho purpose of discouraging hunting,
except by a few persons who own large
preserves? Do tho men who shoot a
few ducks and sell them, realize that
what they &>•<■ fining is to bo made a
misdemeanor, uui because thero are
not enough ducks, but because a few
genial gentlemen think thoy would
have better sport if the commonoV class
of hunters wero excluded from tho
right to shoot game? And this is being
dono by a stato official who is hore,
drawing^his money out of the state
treasury for the purpose of cornering
the game of the state for a few of his
personal friends, if he has- no other
more tangible motive. - You must
either hunt on your own property or
get somo one to give you a duck if these
laws pass. No restaurant keeper can
serve them to his customers, no hotel
or boarding houso can over offer thorn
to its guests. That is the scheme, and
it is time that tho people should oppose
it if they do not favor it.
Notwithstanding a very large peti
tion in size, whatever it may have been
in quality, the legislature is going to
givo the Yosemite park back to tho
federal government unless all the signs
fail. If you could have listoned to the
dobate on the subject in tho senate, you
would have fancied that the park was
to be moved out of the state, and that
tho federal government was something
alien and antagonistic to California.
The arguments were very purilo, and
the debate was more remarkable for
length than profundity.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the ST? S/fa+-0. m
Signature of L&a&ZT'tlUc&A/.
Sacramento Wedding.
There was a charming homo wedding
at 0 o'clock last evoning at the home of
the bride, 2221 O street, when Rev. Dr.
W. W. Caso performed the ceremony
that united J. E. Bawden and Mrs. M.
K. Gilbert. The parlors wero very
tastefully arranged and florally deco
rated for the occasion with potted
plants and choice tlo.wors. Thore was
present a select company of immediate
friends, quite as many as could well be
accommodated, apd their congratula
tions and good wishes were added to
the many handsome souvenirs of tho
occasion which wero presented to the
happy couple.
The ceremony ovor and tho congrat
ulations having beeu extended, the
company repaired to tho dining-room,
where a wodding supper was served
with all delicacies of the season. After
a social season tho company of friends
bade the newly married pair adiou as
they dopartodto take a lato train for
San Francisco, whore they will remain
with rolatives a short timo and' then go
on to the southern counties for a bridal
tour. On return they will reside at
2400 H street, whore a protty homo
awaits them.
Mr. Bawden for the greater part of
his life was enjjagod in merchandising
in. Sutter Creek, whore ho was also
a notary for sixteen years, and was re
lated to tho business department of the
Amador Lodger at Jackson. In this
city ho engages in tho real estate and
insurance business. Mrs. Bawden is
widely and favorably known as a lady
of fine traits of character. She is a.
musician of well known ability. She
has a wide circle of admiring friends. —
Sac. Union.
On complaint of Luka Marich, an
employe of the Oneida, John Gar
barino was arrested early this week on
a charge of battery. It sooms that
both men were at work in the Oneida
mine, As far as we can learn, Marich
aroused the ire of Garbarini by his con
duct and blows ensued. Marich was
badly beaten up by the defendant.
Both men lived at Bernero's boarding
house at Jackson Gate. Tho bruised
man came to town and complained
against the bruiser. Sheriff Norman
went out, but he waa not to be found,
but at tho suggestion of friends Gar
barino surrendered himself the next
day, and was lot out on bonds in the
sum of $100, to await trial.
-
CASTOniA.
Bean tho KM You Have Always Bought
Signature Spf r y/S/fi^^^
of WO&Z7&/C&4&
BORN.
LOVE— In Jackson, January 16, 1905, to tho
wife of Frank Love, a son.
BRESCIA— In Jackson, January 23, IOOS, to the
wife of John Brescia, a son.
MARRIED.
SCULLY— SCOTT— In lono, January 15, 1905,
• by Rev. I. J. Gleeson, Thomas Scully to Miss
Rose Scott, both of lone. «; .
DIED.
PELLOR— In Sutter Creek, Jsnuary SO, 1905,
William Henry Pellor, a native of England,
aged 47 years.
CRAMER— In Forest Home, January 32, 1905,
Charles Augustus Cramer, a native of Ger-
many, agod 74 years.
RUST— In San Francisco, January 24, 1905,
Edgar Church Rust, aged 53 years, a native
of California.
GARBARINO— At Amador City, January 22.
1905, Carlo Garbarino, a native of Italy, aged
38 years.
59 fi ffXf In Cattle can l>e prevented.
3 flf S CUTTERS BLACK LEG VACCINE,
I 111 El California's favorite, the most sue-
I Hv.ll ce ?sful, easiest used and lowest
"•"■^■ iß priced reliable vaccine made.
Powder, string or pill form. Write
Bf £W for free Black Leg Booklet.
R. S- THE CUTTER LABORATORY
HUH Sa " Franclsc °
H. HI If your druggist does not stock our
f8&?1gp vaccines, order direct from us.
SUPERIOR COURT.
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
Matter of adoption of Eva Mabel
Trotter by Jacob and Sadie Simon. Tho
child is six weeks of age, and the
mother, Carolino Trotter, is willing for
said adoption. The parties are in Sut
ter Creek. Order of adoption made.
Guardianship of Mary E. Hall— Mrs.
Mary Hall appointed guardian, on
filing bond of $2000.
Nickolaus vs. Nickley— Motion to
strike out portion of pleadings con
tinued to February 13; defendant may
havo until Feb. 2 to amend answer,
and plaintiff until Feb. 6 to plead or file
cross-complaint.
Estate of H. Deacon— Hearing of
final account continued.
Estate of Jas. T. Wheeler— Order
made amending and modifying decree
heretofore made setting aside real prop
erty for benefit of widow.
Estato of Mary lone Frates— Final
account and petition for distribution
filed. January 28 fixed for hearing.
Estate ef James Head— Feb. 4 ap
pointed for hearing return of sale of
personal proportv for the sum of
$257.90. ;.--:
Estate of Christina Gibbert— Charles
Gibbert files final account of his admin
istration. February 4 appointed for
hearing same.
Estate of Christina Gibbert— John
Strohm petitions for letters of admin
istration. February 4 appointed for
hearing.
:>>--. new suits.
W- A. Burres vs. Margurite Burres—
Suit for divorce. Parties were mar
ried in San Diego in July, 1895. The
issue of said marriage is one malo child,
agod 8 years, now in custody of defend
ant at San Diego. About the 4th of
February, tho complaint alleges,
tho defondant deserted the plaintiff
without provocation, and - has ever
since lived apart from him, and refuses
to live with plaintiff. A decree of di
vorce is asked on the ground of deser
tion. W. J. McGee is attorney for
plaintiff.
Louisa Colman . vs. Chris Ucovich.
On appeal from justice's court of town
ship one— Plaintiff suod for* $92.55, bal
ance due for board and lodging fur
nished to defendant at Jackson. In
the lower court the case was tried with
out a jury. Judgment was given plain
tiff for $50,75, and costs amounting to
$8.25. Defendant appeals on questions
of law and fact. C. jH. Crocker for
plaintiff and W. J. McGee for defend
ant. ' : . -..
Estato of Mary Daugherty— Cephas
A. Daugherty petitions for letters of
administration. Mary Daugherty died
Oct. 23, 1900, in Amador county, leav
ing a parcel of land -in Jackson, being
lot 12, block 8, valued at $3000. The
heirs are C. A. Daugherty, petitioner,
husband of deceased, aged 73, William
Daugherty, 44 years, Colfax Daugherty,
35 years, sons of deceased, and Emma
E. Daugherty, 18, granddaughter.
Chas. H. Crocker, attorney. Hearing
set for Jan. 28. '
Estate of Henry Stark— Deceased
died July 8, 1904, leaving an estate of
300 shares of the Argonaut Mining Co.,
valued at $1200. The heirs are Mary
Stark, widow, William and Minnie
Stark, residing at Jackson, also Adolph
Stark, residing in Chicago, Henrietta
and Henry Stark, residing in San Fran
cisco, all children of deceased. William
Stark petitions for letters. Hearing
set for Jan. 2S. W. J. McGee, attorney.
Thomas Denigan and Edward C.
Denigan, copartners, vs. B. Bernasque,
Harvey S. Blood and others—Com
plaint was filed in the superior court of
Alpine county Oct. 22, 1904, and by
stipulation of the attorneys tbe case
was transferred to Amador county.
Plaintiffs are in business in San Fran
cisco, under the firm name of Thos.
Denigan, Son & Co. In February of
last year, so tho complaint .sets forth,
defendant Bernasque became indebted
to said firm in the sum of $9686.75. In
the same month this defendant gave
his promissory note for said amount to
plaintiffs, payable ono day after date,
and interest at 9 per cent. To secure
payment Bornasque executed a mort
gage on 3400 head of sheep, then in
Nevada, and. in route for California,
which mortgage was recorded in San
Francisco on the 19th of February, 1904,
and thereafter recorded in "Alpine
county, wljere the sheep were located
at tho timo of commencement of suit.
H. S. Blood and the other defendants
claim some interest -in tho property.
With interest the note amounts to
$10277.02, for which sum judgment is
asked, and $500 attorney's fees and
costs and foreclosure of mortgage.
Robinson & Getz of San Francisco at
torneys for plaintiff; Solinsky & Wehe
for defendants.
Sale of Saloon Business.
H. D. Calvin has sold to Edward
Garbolino. his interest in tho White
Elephant saloon of Amador City. Mr.
Garbolino is* now solo proprietor. He
will collect all bills duo tho house and
pay ail outstanding debts. 2t
How's This!
Wo offer One Hundred Dollars Re
ward for any case of Catarrh that can
not be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.
P. J. Cheney &. Co.,
Toledo, O.
Wo, the undersigned, have known
P. J. Cheney for the last 15 years, and
bolievo him perfectly honorablo in all
business transactions and financially
able to carry out any obligations made
by their firm.
West & Truax,
Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.
Walding, Kinnan & Marvin,
Wholesale Druggist, Toledo, O.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is takon intern
ally, acting dirctly upon tho blood and
mucous surface of the system. Testi
monials sent free. Prico 75c. per
bottle. Sold by all druggists.
Hall's Fnmily Pills are tho best.
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this head, not exceed-
ing 5 lines, will be inserted at 50c per month, or
5 cents per lino for less than one month.
IT^OR SALE— Two cood horses, one spring
J wagon and harness, will be sold at a bar-
gain. Apply at once to E. S. Pitois, Jackson.
de 30-lt
A LL kinds ot Blanks for U, S. Land Filings—
-"• Homestead, Timber and Mineral blanks-
may bo had at the Ledger office; also deeds
mortgages, mining locations, proof of labor
and other legal blanks kept for sale
TfOR SALE— 96O acres of extra good Timber
- 1 - Land. Inquire of J. S. Clark. ja37-4w
T^OR SALE— A splendid Drug Business, in a
-*■ prosperous mining and farming community;
lump sum or goods invoiced. Inquire of J. S.
Clark. ja27-4
ASSESSMENT NOTICE.
South Ecueka Mining Company.
Location of principal place of business, San
Francisco, California. Location of works, Sut-
ter Creek, Amador county, California.
TSJOTICE is hereby given that at a meeting of
- 1 -' the Board of Directors, held on the 4th day
of January, 1905, an assessment (No. 45) of
Two (2) cents per share was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable imme-
diately in United States gold coin, to tho Sec-
retary, at the omce of the Company, 530 Calif-
orna street. Room 28, San Francisco, California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 6th day of February, 1905,
will be delinquent, and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment is made be-
fore, will be sold on Monday, the 27th day of
February. 1905, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with the cost of advertising and
expenses of sale.
By order of the Board of Directors.
W. H. WILLIS, Secretory.
Office— s3o California street, Room 28, San
Francisco, California. . Al 9o *
e^:f.;^; ? : 3^; UP-TO-DATE BUSINESS MEN.
!••• >«MMMM»MM»f M«Mf M«MMM»Mj
111 Rubber Goods, Syringes, |
|| Hot Water Bottles, etc. |
]; You can just as well have the very latest improved !!
j > ones; just as well have a large assortment to choose '"■ ! !
j | from; just as well get those made from high grade • ', |
« , materials; and just as well be saved somethingon the \\
<! c °st- -We buy the best goods on the market, buy .J;.
j; enough to get inside prices, and sell them to you at *'<
J | ouly a fair margin of profit. :. \ ',
< j Fountain Syringes, Combination Syringes, ', ',
J ; B "'b Syringes, Hard Rubber Syringes, .',',
3 1 Hot Water Bottles, and large variety of others < '
|| City Pharmacy - Willis H. Boydston, Prop, j!
•MM>MHO»I>|»M>MMMMM» >IHMM»I
|6INOCGHIO BRO'S.J
||| -n^^v^w^ '. DEALERS IN "*- tfrrf
| £.' General Merchandise I
|| Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes,
H §fli Boot s, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining H
eg sy\ Supplies, Lumber, Hardware. Hay, §1
H Corner Main and Water St. M
| JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA 1
5.* McCALL T T /Si •V S
jb™»»~ 1. J. Glavinovich i
1 LEADING GROCERY STORE \
• L3pls GROCERIEG R0CERIES i Dry Goods, •
5 o Furnishing Goods, Boots, .'•:
S a Shoes, Toilet Articles, .•
5 E #• Hardware, Miners' Stjp- •
I i plies, Hay, Grain, Etc. •
• N 5
S Cor. Main & Court Streets " ' • g
J JACKSON, - - -CAL. BazaarPaU *
\ /lAin nimivrn SEND YOUR GOLD TO '
OLD QBIRIZ ,.■.„„,„. Wllil:
o. Jt>. kkixJWjXkAx ;
| |x^§Sl|; ( Successor to A. H. Eeichling ) "^
Bought by Pacific Refinery & Assay Office Returns !
! made same
]> . 407-409 MONTGOMEBY STEEET '■ ;
Specific (Phone ßush 237) day as re-
Near California, San Francisco. \
ceipt of ;
Gravity Test Bullion i Gol <* Dust, Quartz, Specimens, . - .
vjiuvii^ icbi Platioum, and all kinds of Gold Consignment
and Silver bought. - \
. __'
I It Costs Money to Make Steam |
£p SAVE MONEY BY USING
|| McDearmon & Cos. Asbestos Goods. M
j^ Such as Boiler <fr Pipe Coverings, Magnesia Coverings, Fire-Proof- SO
e|3 ing Materials, Cold Storage. Insulation, Brine cf: Ammonia Coy- is
gi| erings, Packings & Gaskets, Keystone Building <£• Deadening Felts.
CATALOGUE, ESTIMATES & SAMPLES ON APPLICATION.
2 Garbarini Bros., Agents - - Jackson, Cal. M
Do You Need
Eyeglasses
Have your eyes examined by a
■ capable optician. Do not take
chances with traveling opticians
or try to pick up "any old glass"
! from stock in general merchan-
dise stores and perhaps injure
Optical work is our specialty.
We will fit your eyes perfectly
and guarantee the fit. Your
money back if glasses prove un-
hTaT minasian
optician
EXAMINATIONS FREE
SUTTER CREEK CAL.
|gr Union Stables
Under Webb Hall *
MAIN STREET - - JACKSON, CAL.
;!••; M. NEWMAN, Prop.
The Stable equipped with flrst-ciass stock
and vehicles. Suitable rigs (or Commercial
travelers with trunks.
Special Attention Paid *
* to Transient Stock.
Large stable and yard for use ol teamsters.
Telegrams answered free of cost. 3-33-tf .
Notice to - Creditors.
ESTATE OF D. A. COOPER, DECEASED.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN BY THE
undersigned, administratrix of the estate
of D. A. Cooper, deceased, to the creditors of
and all persons having claims against the said
deceased, to exhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers, within four months after the first
publication of this notice to the said adminis-
tratrix, at the law office of C. P. Vicini, in
Jackson, Amador County, California, the same
being the place for the transaction of the busi-
ness of said estate, in said county of Amador
Dated, January 14th, 1905
SARAH L. TRUDGEN,
Administratrix of the estate of
„ « ' '.:'^' °- A > Cooper, deceased. .
C. P. VlcinJ, Atfy for Administratrix. JanSQLOCAL NEWS
Raviola and chicken dinner at the
Union Houso next Sunday.
Wm; J. McGee returned from San
Francisco this ( Friday ) afternoon:
Pioneer Flour is the^jLily of the
Valley. " the "Pearl of Perfection.^
R. Webb, editor! of the Ledger, and
his wife returned Saturday from a two
weeks' visit to San Francisco and
vicinity.
J. F. Wilson, Dentist. Hours 9a. m.
to sp. m. Phone Main 404. Jackson,
Cal.
Hot tumulus at the Union House.
Parties will please leave orders before
hand. I
Jas. Jay Wright got back from San
Francisco Sunday evening, after a stay
there of onu month. He has very
much improved in health from tho trip.
When you wish the finest flavored
coffees and teas, remember that W. J.
Nettle keeps only tho best.
F. B. Mills, agent of the Phoenix
Savings Building and Loan Associa
tion of San FratK-i .-•.'o, was in Jackson
Wednesday, in the interest of that
company.
St. Augustine's church — On account
of the five Sundays in this month di
vine service will bo held Sunday even
ing next at 7:30 p. in. Alt cordially In
vited to attend. ,
It is estimated that between 500 and
600 animals are employed in hauling
freight over the lone road. There has
never been such a strain placed on this
roadway before.
Frank Valvo is having the rooms
above his barber shop in the Koch
building fixed up for ihc purpose of
occupying the same as a family resi-
Tom Johns, son of W. C. Johns, has
gone to Mexico, under engagement to
work for one of the large mines of that
country. Ho left San Francisco for bis
destinatioryast Saturday.
John Going and family moved into
their new and handsome residence on
Pitt street last Monday. It is a six
roomed houso, and one of the neatest
and most convenient dwellings in town.
We are fn receipt, by favor of Senator
Perkins of a lot of vegetable seeds sent
out by tho department.. of agriculture.
Any persons engaged in gardening may
have a package by applying at tho
Ledger oliice.
Olives, -salami, swiss. Hmburg«r
Martin's cream and California cheese
at Nettles' Mkt,
Prof. Buterbaugh, of Amador City,
has tendered his resignation as princi
pal of tho grammar school of that place,
to take effect on the 27th inst. A gen
tleman from El Dorado county will
finish the term, r:' ',
William W. Boyle, who came to this
State from Missouri in the early sixties,
aod first settled in louc valley in this
county, died at Burson, Calaveras
county, on January 15. He moved
from Amador to Tuolumne county in
1866. .
Miss Emily A. Youngblood. a trained
nurse, committed suicide last Friday in
Stockton by taking a dose of cyanide
of potassium while in a despondent
frame of mind. Deceased leaves two
brothers, one of whom is R. R. Young
blood, assistant agent of the Southern
Pacific at lono.
The Aogels Iron Works has been
changed to the Pacific Iron Works,
with its placo cf business at Stockton.
Frank Taylor of Juckson has been
elected vice president of the recon
structed corporation, and John Raggio,
formerly stage owner of Calaveras and
Amador counties, is also one of tho
directors.
Rev. J. H. Williams, a former pastor
of the M. E. church in Jackson, was a
passenger on the train from Gait to
j.ono Jg.it Saturday. He is now stationed
at Nevada City. He has been on the
sick list, and took a vacation to recup
erate, and seized the opportunity to
visit his son. W. S. Williams, principal
pf tho lono public school.
Assaying 16 cents. Bullion, amaal
gam, rich ore, etc., bought in lafge or
small quantities. Prompt returns.
Mail or express, 1000 Ib. Chlorination,
mill and cyanide tests. Pionoor Assay
ing Co., 167 Ne\y Montgomery St., San
Francisco, Cal.
Dan McCarty, a wealthy agricul
turist of Sacramento county, died sud
denly of heart disease while riding on a
street car of the capital city. Deceased
was interested in water rights and
ditches in Calaveras and Amador coun
ties about 50 years ago, and mined in
this section for several years in early
days, moving to Sacramento county .in
1878.
At the regular meeting of Court Jack-
Son No 148 Foresters of America, held
Jan. 26, the following officers were in
stalled by Doputy Grand Chief Ranger
A. L. Coset: Chief Ranger, E. Dufrene;
Sub Chief, Geo. Woehrle; Treasurer,
A. Goldner; Fin. See. H. Weil; Rec.
Bee., H. Gobish; Sen. Woodward, N.
Ross; Jun. Woodward, W. D. Dufrene;
Sen. Beadle, J. Flaherty; Jr. 8., Chas
Peters; .Lecturer, Geoge M. Huberty;
Trustee, A. Ratto; Physician, Dr E.E.
jSodicDtt; Druggist, A. Goldner. :
County health officer Dr. Gall re
ports that the child of G. M. Huberty
has fully recovered from the attack of
diphtheria. .The dwelling was thor
oughly fumigated last Monday. The
quarantine has not been released, as
the rule is to keep the premises quar
antined until seven or eight days after
the disappearance of the disease. There
are now only two cases of the malady
in town. One in the family of J. H.
Turner near the hospital, and the
other on the Webb-Mason tract.
Mrs. W. C. Johns returned from San
Francisco last Saturday. She had
been under the doctor's care in the
city for the preceding month, and dur
ing that time submitted to a serious
operation for tho removal of a tumor
from her faco. Although still weak
from the effects of tho ordeal she has
undergone, she is much improved in
health, and it is hoped that she will be
fully restored to bar formor health.
She was accompanied from the city by
a 6On, who is employed in the Union
Iron Works.
J. F. Melloof Gait considers that he
had a narrow escape from death Wed
nesday. The truth of tho incident he
bo thrillingly relates is backed up by a
few white capillary filaments which
grace his level head. Mr. Mello was in
the city of lone this v.oek, and while
there took a ride on the newly com
pleted extension of the railroad be
tween lone and Jackson. The loco
motive that haul J the train of which
he was a passenger jumped the track
while crossing a sixty-foot trestle, and
for a moment it looked as though the
train would be plunged into the abyss
below. All escaped without harm. —
Gait Gazette,
STOCK TAKING
Our entire stock of
Dry Goods must be
closed out," regardless
of price. You get the
benefit. We will give
these prices up to
February 15th.
Big Bargains in
-Hosiery-
. " ' Vi : ;
Tennis Flannels
Calico
Percales
Towling
Table linen
Napkins
Flannelette Gowns
Press Flannels
lMpn'c QnY
lrlL/11 O UUA
Men's Suspenders
Men's Shirts
Ladies' Underwear
Men's Underwear
Men's Work Shirts
Men's Hats
Men's Overalls
Goods Now on
...Display...
Sco pur prices pn a]l
kinds of goods. You will
save money by so doing.
Saturday Night Concert
Do not fail to attend pur
concerts, held every Satur-
day evening. First-class
music.
IWSIBTI
Regulators of low prices.
To Supply Electric Power For Years.
A dispatch from San Francisco says:
A big realty deal has just been com
pleted, John Martin, Eugene de Sabia
and their associates in the California
Gas and 1 Electric Corporation having
bought forty acres of land just across
the line in San Mateo county on the
bay shore near the Seven-Mile House,
It is the intention of the company to
put up a plant for supplying electric
power to the United Railroads of San
Francisco and to other parties.
This corporation recently made a
contract with the United Railroads to
supply it with electric power for a
period of twenty years on aud after
January 1, 1906.
The object of the above move Is to
lave a reserve power plant in the event
of a temporary suspension of the power
transmission ovor the big lines of the
corporation now in operation. The
company must bo In a position to sup
ply steady and" continuous energy for
the operation of the street car system
in San Francisco, and this reserve plant,
of 16,000 horse power, is to meet any
emergency that may arise. The Cali
fornia Gas and Electric Corporation Is
the largest combine of the kind, in the
Nothing will please an invalid as well
as a package of those fancy cakes from
Nettles' Mkt.
THE AMADOR LEDGER; JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, JANUARY 27, 1905.
KILLED AY A BLAST.
Carlo Garbarino Meets Death in the Key
stone Mine in a Singular Manner.
A singular fatality occurred in the
Keystone mine at Amador City on Sun
day morning last. This mine has on
joyed a long period of freedom from
fatal accidents, ami the caso that oc
curred there this week whs of that kind
that no foresight or care could possibly
guard against. Ac. Italian named Carlo
Gatbarino was working in thestopes at
the COO foot level. He was one of three
men employed at that particular point.
His companions were engaged in drill
ing, while Garbarino was shoveling
and clearing away the debris of the last
charge. A large rock, too big to pass
through tho chute, was encountered.
His two companions by a fortunate
chance had retired temporarily, ono
for a drink of water and the other on
some other mission. They were only
away a few seconds, and that brief
absence doubtless saved their lives. In
order to dispose of this large rock Gar
barino took a sledge hammer and pro
ceeded to break it up, all unconscious
of the fact that it contained within
itself death-dealing forces. It is not
an uncommon occurrence that in dis
charging a number of holes some holes
miss lire owing to the extinguishment
of the fuses by the debris from the ex
ploding holes. It also happens that in
the explosion, masses of rock are blown
from the non-exploding holes,* the de
tached rock carrying portions of the
unexploded powder charge. This is
supposed to have been the case with
the mass of rock wbich Garbarino
undertook to break up. It was loaded.
The concussion of blows from the ham
mer caused the dynamite to explode.
Garbarino recoived the full force of the
charge. He was frightfully mangled,
head, arms, and body. The death
wounds, however, were in the region
of the groin, the right leg being broken
and the regiop of the thigh and hip
mangled in a shocking manner. One
of his follow workers was within tho
radius of the explosion and was pitted
slightly with the flying debris, but no
serious harm was done him. Poor Gar
barino was taken to the surface as soon
as possible. He was conscious, and
moaned out as bis life forces were
ebbing rapidly away, "Adieu, my
children." His thoughts wandered off
to his native Italy, where his wife and
children were lopated. He was asked
if he wanted the priest or doctor. He
was resigned to accept the services of
either or both. A doctor was soon in
attendance, and while the surgeon was
attending to his injuries ha expired.
Ho lived two hours after receiving the
injuries.
Justice W. L. Rose held an inquest
tho same day. Tho jury returned a
verdict of accidontal death in accord
ance with the facts. Th.o retrains, were
brought to Jackson, and the funeral
was held on Tuesday, the remains be
ing interred in the Catholic graveyard,
the Rev. Father Gleeson conducting
the ceremonies.' Deceased has a brother
living at Jackson Gate, at whoso re
quest the funeral obsequies were hold
here.. ■ '. . * ' " _
Deceasod was about 36 years of age.
Ho leaves a wife and two children in
Italy, whom he oxpectod to send for as
soon as he had accumulated money
sufficient for their passage. He had
been in the state but six months, and
had worked at the Keystone only 18
shifts when death overtook him in the
manner narrated.
Has Stood the Test 25 Years.
The old, original GROVE'S Tasteless
Chill Tonic. You know what you are
taking. It is iron and quinine in a
tasteless form. No cure no pay. 50c,
Railroad Noten.
The new 65 ton locomotive for the
lone and Eastern railroad was received
at lone last week. It was built at
Lima, Ohio. Of this mammoth haul
ing machine the Echo says:
"The engines, three in' number, are
on the right side of the boiler, and are
connected to a tumbling rod which
transmits power to tho wheels by a
bevel cog system. The wheels, three
pairs, are all drivers, and are all at
tached to the power. There Is. on"c
pair of wheejs under the forward end
of the boiler,' one 'tinder the oil tank
and one under the water tank. There
are no wheels under the engines or
rear part of the boiler, that part of the
machine is supported by brace rods
from the first tender. The wheels are
of small diameter and the engine is
buiit'fpr pulling,' but not for speed.' As
it weighs 65 tons and the steel' pn the
road is very light, it remains to be seen
what cap be hauled over it. The new
locomotive has been concerted into, an
oil burner and It is expected that it will
go into commission to-day."
Some difficulty is being experienced
with the embankment between Miller's
station and lone. The formation is
clay, and the filling is, of eqqs(derable
hight — In fact, the highest on the
route. Tho rains have so saturated
the soil that much trouble has arisen
over the sinking of the road bed. Fifty
men were at work Saturday ballasting
the track. It is merely a question of
time when the fillings will be thorough
ly settled and in cqnditipn to stand the
. heavy travel!
Tho grading operations have reached
a point a couple of miles east of Moun
tain Springs. Rapid progress may be
looked for from now on, as fiilly three
fourths of the total grading and filling
work has been done. The main con
struction camp was moved last week
from below Mouutain Springs to a
point two milos further east. It is
thought one more shift will sutjiae to
carry the operations to Martell's sta
tion.
A corps of surveyors were put to
work surveying a line from Martell's
to Amador City and beyond. It is the
intention of the company to oxturid the
line in this direction without delay. It
will bo pushed to completion at the
earliest possible moment. The site for
the depot at Martell's will In all likeli
hood be on the Oneida Mining Com
pany's ground. We upderstand the
route from Oneida tpward Jackson has
been partially mapped out. and will be
definitely surveyed in a few days.
There seems to be no doubt that the
depot will be located at a desirable spot
within easy access to the business part
of town.
Bad Indeed.
Losing flesh Is indeed a bad sign.
Take Scott's Emulsion for it. For
weak digestion, for defective nourish
mont, for consumption, take Scott's
Emulsion. It restores flesh because it
strikes to the cause of the loss.
Dr. Osborne, who has beon at Spag
noli's drug store the past ten days, has
been very busy examining eyes and fit
ting glasses. The Dr. has recently
bought a fruit ranch near. Lodi, and
expects to visit Jackson about every
sixty days. It will pay you to see him
if your eyes trouble you. His work Is
positively guaranteed. • Tuesday, Jan.
3), last day in Jackson,
L. A. White and Dr. IS. E. Kndlcott
were summoned to appear in the super?
ior court of Calaveras county this week,
to give testimony in the trial of Fred
James for the killing of Tom Evans at
Rich Gulch last June,
Rev. J. H. Williams, a former pastor
of the Jackson M. E. church, was in
town Wednesday, renewing old ac
quaintances. He left for lone Thurs
day morning.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
WUfoz* zzxen nrlxc*
IiEVHTRAIM
AMADOR SIFTINGS.
Owing to the recent accident at the
Keystone mine the company is building
an . operating room . adjoining Dr.
Quinn's office, so that employes re
ceiving Injuries can be properly cared
for before being taken to their home*
The room will be equipped with all
necessary appliances.
Many of our citizens are making in
quiry regarding the present status of
the "pound law" in this township.
Jacks and hogs are becoming so" num
erous on the streets that bomeihjng
must be done very soon to abate these
nuisances.
The Catholic Altar Society will give
a grand ball on the eveniug of Feb.
10th. This will be the first bull given
by this society, and sneoial efforts will
be put forth to make it a success.
The Culbert Estate Co. has pur
chased the Amador hotel from Fred
Setzer of Lodi. Sam Pierce and wife
will continue the business, and see to it
that everything connected with the
hotel is up-to-date in every respect.
Harvey D. Calvin has sold his inter
est in the Elephant saloon to Ed. Gar
bollno. Harvey will be a man of leisure
for a few days.
Supervisor Fraser js paying some
good work done q'n the jjtreet in front
of the blacksmith shop, and extending
to Taylor's hall. From the nature of
the work done wo judge that Mr. Frasor
has a good idea of road building,
John Torre is now solo owner and
proprietor of Taylor's hall, ho having
recently purchased it from Mrs. Tay
lor. Sir. Torre will] make sovoral
needed improvements, and add to his
fruit and supply store on the lower
floor. .ic-
It is rumored that at le^st \wQ mar
riecl wpmep, mothe'rs'of'largo families,
are In the habit of sending thoir chil
dren to the grog-shops uftor intoxicat
ing liquors for homo consumption.
Unless the practice is stoppod at once a
citizen of the town proposes to notify
the proper authorities and have tiitj
guilty parties' b.rd.ught bcfcjro tho ll har
of justice." '
Julius. Chichizpla has been in San
Francisco fpr sovoral days, on Impor
tant business connected with theChieh-
Izola Estate Co. Wo hope for his safe
and speedy return, for he is a wise and
safe counselor for all the people of this
community.
Matthew M. Culber.t, huQther of the
late Jlhps. L.. J Culbert, and for many
years a prominent man' in the affairs of
Amador county, died at his home in
Los Angeles early this week. Mr. Cul
bert leaves many relatives and friends
in Amador City aud county to mourn
bis loss. ;■: ■ •..-■■•••
P.rof; B.'itprb.augh has resigned his
position as principal 'of the Amador
school and will reioln his family in San
Francisco, where Disservices are needed
in assisting to care for hib daughter,
who recently underwent an operation
for appendicitis.
Reuben Ford, jr., was operated upou
last week by D^g: Lewi's'arid'Quinn for
an internal ab'cess formed noar the in
cision made at the time he was operated
upon for appendicitis about one year
ago. For a time the internal hemor
rhage was so great that it was thought
he could not recover, but his splendid
physical constitution p.rp.yecj 'strung
enough' to p,yercsmo"the great strain
and he is now fast regaining his
strength.
Much could be said about the people
and their doings in and around this
thriving little town that might prove
of interest to the readers of the Led
ger, but we will wait until some" future
time before we Imp'ose'fu.i-ttier.'uudn the
columns of your valuable paper." G.
BQLIJ ATTEMPT AT RQ8.8.38X
Salosn Burglarized at Midnight— Bobbery
Frustrated by the Appearance of Proprietor,
who Takes a Couple of Shots at Intruder.
A daring attempt was made to rob,
the saloon and stpre kept by George
BakQvichan'd L.Radovich fronting the
bridge at the north end of Main street,
shortly after midnight this morning.
It was about closing up time, and Bak
ovich was in charge. He locked up
the premises about midnight, while he
went to a restaurant to get sorqe coffeo,
leaving three lights burning, one being
in a retyr. room In which dry goods are
kept. There was considerable money
on hand at the time— nearly $100 In the
barroom till, and $400 stowed away in
a cigar box. The money was ahout to
be sent to Sat} piranoisoo! ' Bakovich
was away about half an hour, and re
turned to get his overcoat, Nearing
the saloon, he beard a noise iti the rear
which satisfied him that someone was
in the act of burglarizing the prpmlses.
He thereupon hastened to his home on
Court street for his gun— a formidable
threo-chain.bored combination weapon
of shotgun and rifle. He was back in
a few minutes, alone. He noticed that
the two rear lights had been turned off,
only one in the saloon bu,rn,ip<j, Peer
ing through the front window, he saw
a man In the act of lifting the lid of a
cigar box that stood on a sideboard be
hind the bar counter. He blazed away
with the rifle part. The ball went wide
of its mark, but passed through the
door between the saloon and dry goods
room, and plowed a groove In the wood
work of the side, passed through the
rear room, and finally buried itself in
the uext building. The would-be rob
ber, thus surprised in his lawless work,
beat a hasty retreat through, the door
of a woodshed in th.c rear, jumped into
the creek, and made his escape by fol
lowing the crock bod in a northerly di
rection. Bakovich took another shot
at him as he ran up the creek. Bako
vich did not see the burglar's face, and
is unablo to give any descriptionjof him
other than he wore a cowboy hat. He
secured no money nor booty pf any
sort. He entered tho promises through
a sliding window in the rear woodshed,
forcing the slender fastening of the
door connecting the woodshed with the
drygoods room. The sheriff's office was
notified of the affair, but there is abso
lutely no clew to the Identity of the
perpetrator.
Next Sunday evening (7:30 o'clock )
Rev. C. E. Winning, pastor of the
Methodist church, will begin a series
of ' 'talks to men," and his themo will
be "Have women robbed mon of their
religion?" These talks will bo to men,
but not to men only. Usual service In
the morning at .ll o'clock. Class meet
ing at 10 a. m., and Sunday school at
2p. m. The public cordially Invited to
any and all of these services.
Fresh pickled olives of the season
just received; 65c per gallon. Nettles 1
MINING NEWS.
Wildman. — Twenty stamps are now
in operation on ore from the 1400-foot
level. Twenty men aro now employed,
and it once more begins to look like
old times in Sutter Creek.
Oneida. — Underground foreman
Andrew Noco is in San Francisco with
his brother, who is not expected to live
but a short time. Supt. Hampton is
not only attending to his regular duties,
but is seeing that Mr. Noce's work is
being properly attended lo by those in
charge. The mill is running to its full
est capacity on low grade ore, but by
careful management the mine is being
worked on a paying basis, and will un
doubtedly continue so for many years.
South Eureka.— The new mill at
this mine is crushing about 100 tons
per day; the old mill not so much.
Much of the ore is taken from the 2400
foot level. About three tons of sul
phurets are being made dally, but some
difficulty is being experienced in get
ting them hauled to the railroad, owing
to tho condition of the roads. The
new mill runs like clock-work, no dif
ficulty being had so far with any of its
mechanism. Much interest Is being
manifested In the next clean-up, which
will undoubtedly be the largest in . the
history of the mine.'
Zeila. — At this mine drifting toward
the ledge at the 1400 level has been
pushed a considerable distance. At
the 1500 level the work of cutting the
station is under way. "Sinking is not
being prosecuted at present. The
cement foundation for the now hoist is
completed, and is a massive' and solid
structure. The iron base plates are in
position, but beyond this none of the
machinery is in place or on the ground.
It will be soipe time before the under
ground work has progressed to the
point of resuming the extraction of ore
and the re-starting of the mill.
Kennedy.— At this mine they are
putting in tho lathes and other ma
chinery for tho equipmtSnt of the ma
chine shop, with the object of doing all
the repair wpric on the £round^ except
castings. ' Some repair work is being
done to foe first sixty stamps of tho
mill. With" the constant jar of the
stamps it has heen found' that tho
mortar pqsts have become worm on
their cement bases. To remedy this it
is proposed to drill into the solid cement
and introduce wood blocks under the
posts. One battery will be treated in
this manner at a time, so that not more
than 10 stamps will be hung up at any
ono time. ' They aro preparing to upeh
up a level at t^u. depth of "iitiSO feet.
School Matters.
The Jackson school will re-qnen qext
Monday, after a two weeks' shut-down
on account of diphtheria. TUe closing
of school because of a case or two of
contagion is viewed iq different ways.
Much unfavorable comment is Indulged
in at this course. It is contended that
to have tho children play around the
streets and circulate among each other
in churches and in many other ways is
equally as bad, as far as from
infection is pp,n,£pruedV as to attend
gyh.Qpi. What good result oan possibly
come from closing school? Teachers
are paid a full month's salary for a few
days' work. The children are deprived
of educational facilities, and state and
county pay for service^ v! Q 'y partially
rondered. The. o,nly" object gained is
the danger pf having the apportion
ment curtailed by reason of reduced
average attendance, as it is assumed
some parents would hesitate to send
their children to school while any cases
of contagion are abroad. The feelin"
is gaining that the policy of. closing
school because Qf. isolated cases of
diphtheria pr. any other contagion', is
all wrong. What would be thought in
largo cities If tho school authorities
pursued tho same course there. The
schools would close for good, for cases
of infectious disease are always with
them. It is time country schools got
over the bugaboo of "ho'sohool unless
a cleaq b.ili'o.f health is given," even
though the outcome be' a few dollars
less in school appropriation. The in
terests of all children should not be
sacrificed on any such sentimental altar,
The lone Boa<\.
The condition cut the raad between
lone and Jackson— th.c main artery of
traffic in Amador poiinty^ls deplorable
beyond, description. If anything were
wanted -to demonstrate the absolute
necessity of railroad communication
between these two points, it is supplied
by the present condition of the wagon
road. We call it a road; but it is far
from deserving 1 that distinction. It
is a mqd channel from beginning to
end. Below the Mountain Springs it
is plowed up so thoroughly by the
heavy freight teams as to be almost
impassable. Transportation over it in
any shape is really dangerous. This
side of Mountain Springs there Is a
hard bottom of rock, but this is covered
nearly all the way with mud to the
depth of three to six inches. After all
| the money that has been spent on this
highway in the effort to m.a.ke it fairly
passable the year vQund, the conclusion
is inevitable that the undertaking is a
failure. The truth is foroed home that
the county is not equal to the task of
keeping It in repair. We do not say
this as a reflection upon the manage
ment of the road work. We are not
discussing that proposition. it i 3i 3
enough to. say that a portion of this
road was macadamized under the
supervision of the state board of high
way oommissioners. That particular
piece of road went to the bad asqulokly
as the rest. The fact U the traffic has
become too mM^U for any such road, no
mattoc how scientifically constructed.
In an experience of nearly thirty years,
we have never seen the road in a worse
state than it is at present.
Pioneer Flour always has been
and still is tae best.
Fred Jackson left for San Francisco
in tho early part of the week on a busi
ness trip.
On Wednesday last, in the parlor of
tho National hotel, Ray D, Grist of
Jackson and Miss Carrie A. Carner of
(Jovelo, Mendocino county, were united
in marriage by the Rev. Wm. Tuson.
The happy couple will make their
home in Latrobe, El Dorado county.
Lemons, oranges, and bananas con
stantly on hand at Nettles' Mkt.
Wm. H. Pellor, timberman at the
Contral Euroka mine, diod at his home
in Sutter Creek of hemorrhage of the
lungs. Deceased was a highly respected
citizen, a native of England, and 47
years of age. His remains were interred
in tho Protestant cemetery on Tuesday,
followed to their last resting place by a
large ooncourse of sorrowing relatives
and friends.
A message was received in Jackson
last Tuesday that Edgar C. Rust, bro
ther of Superior Judge Rust and editor
E. C. Rust of the Dispatch, died that
morning in a sanitarium in San Fran
ciso, where he had been under medical
treatment for sovoral weeks. Judge
Rust left for the city the same after
noon by the Valley Spring route to
arrange for and attend tho funeral.
Deceased was tho oldest of the three
brothers, and for a year or two was a
resident of Jackson, employed at the
Kennedy Imino. Owing to the feeble
health of Mrs Rust, mother of deceased
;in Jackson, editor Rust was unable to
1 leave to attend \ha funsraK
REDLICK'S STANDARD GOODS. MAIN STREET,, JACKSON.
B Z^ Z ' ' ■ ■ -■ : m
• Good l^tMttiA* The StOre i
: Store <^®®m^ All others j
i SHOES'JifrK'M) THAT WEAR WELLTHF/iPpft I
q Shoe sales are showing a steady increase. More folks coming here for their 5
■ footwear. More people talking about the goodness of the shoes we sell. Tues- |
• day, one lady said; "I paid $3.50 for these shoes," pointing to the pair she had on, •
9 "in another store; and my friend had bought a $2.50 pair from you three days 5
| before I bought mine, and her shoes are good yet; so I am going to try your B
• shoes." Such experience will be yours. ••
■B "';■■- --X^ V • - -■■■ , . ~ 9
0 $2.50 Boys* Seal Shoes, $2.00 $3.00 Men's Douglas Shoes §
B Warranted water-proof ; sizes 2£ to SJ. $2.00 g
. Good heavy soles. These goods are known to be one of 9
0 . . tne jjggj. gnoes ma( J e f Qr tne p r i ce «
■ $2.00 Boys' Steel Clad Shoes — ■ — g
9 $200 $500 Miners' Nailed Boots •
g Fine Calf Shoes with circlets in heel $4.00 S
H and soles; size's 2 1 to S J. ■ We can give you these in the best ■
2 make, Buckingham & Hecht. •
S . $2,00 Boys' Kangaroo Shoes — — - ■_ H
1 $L5O $5.00 High Cut Shoes. $3.00 §
• One of the best school shoes made; Come in tan or black leather with a •
■ good substantial soles; standard screw heavy outer counter; double thick soles; 5
■ fas tened. standard screw fastened. ; M
• __ • .- £
( BROKEN=LOTS=OF=SHOES j
B If your size is here you can get a big bargain. . Q
| $1.00 to $1.50 $1.75 to $2.25 $2.50 to $3.00 .J
S =75c= f=nsl.oQ— =$1.25= ■
No More Stomach Troubles.
All stomach trouble is removed by
the use of Kodol Dyspepsia Cure. It
gives the stomach perfeot rest by di
gesting what you eat without the stom
ach's aid. The food builds up the body,
the rest restores the stomach to health.
You don't have to diet yourself when
taking Kodol Dyspepsia Cure. J. D.
Erskine, of Allenville, Mich., says: "I
suffered Heartburn and Stomach trou
ble for some- time. My slster-iu-law
has had th,e same trouble and was not
able to eat for six weeks. She lived
entirely on warm water. After taking
two bottles of Kodol Dyspepsia Cure,
she was entirely cured. She now eats
heartily and is iv good health. 1 am
glad to say Kodol gave me instant re
lief." Sold hy all druggists.
Good mines of all kinds wanted. In
quiring parties. S. C. Trayner, 4 Sut
ter St., San Francisco, Cal.
1 Clothing, Clothing, Clothing |
We have just received our Fall and Winter Clothing g
g . direct from the Union Factories. These goods are §
§ - the swellest lot ever imported into Amador County. - S
a We fit all; and in sizes, quality and prices we lead. S
2■ . There are no equal in the make-up of these garments. S
3 One price to all. Goods guaranteed as represented. §
|j Four miles from Jackson. • SUTTER *CREEK, CAL. g
viMwmjijwifwwifwwgimMTMWimfwwTmfimMimjTfw
Coughs and Colds.
All coughs, colds and pulmonary com
plaints that are curable are quickly
cured by One Minute Cough Cure.
Clears the phlegm, draws out inflamma
tion and heals and soothes the affected
parts, strengthens the lungs, wards off
pneumonia. Harmless and pleasant to
take. Sold by all druggists."
Card of Thanks.
We hereby express our heartfelt
thanks for tho kindness of our friends
and neighbors in the time of our be
reavement of our son and brother, Joe.
Mr. and Mrs. Bastian
and Family
Mothers, Be Careful
of the health of your children. Look
out for Coughs, Colds, Croup and
Whooping Cough. Stop them in time
— One Minute Cough Cure is the best
remedy. Harmless and pleasant. Sold
by all druggists.
imiMMLJ !■■! Bill iHIIPIIII 1 1 |i 1 1 1 T ni' I H 111 I ■ II !'■■' 1111 l lIHIIII IlHi 11L.
To Curs a 'Cold in One Day £^oXT|
Take Laxative Bromo Q^nine Tablets. t%& £J **%? I
Seven Mffion boxes sold in post 12 months.' Thh sSgEEtUTC, *&' >^>^rWT-^ &OX, 25C. J
Bainfall.
Since our last report rain has fallen
in Jackson, according to the Ledger
office gauge, as follows:
Jan. 13 0.23
15 0.62
18 0.32
21 0 35
23;'.'.!!'.'.". !!!!!! !!'.".!".'. '.'..'. oas
24.... ' 0.05
Total •. . 2.05
Total for season 15.10
Same period last year 11.84
Estray Notice.
Estrayed from my mountain range
near Ham's station, four head of cattle
about two years old, marked square
crop off the right ear, and under bit in
left, branded PM on left hip. Suitable
reward will be given to any one giving
information. Geo. Greilich,
Drytown, Cal.
Work at Electra.
The new pipe line at the Standard
Electric plant at Elcetra is making
satisfactory headway. The pipe is
nearly all in place. Most of the teams
have been taken off the road, as the
hauling is about finished. At - the
power house tho machinery is being
put in position as fast as possible. The
completion of this must necessarily be
delayed until such time as the road is
in condition to enable the two heaviest
pieces, weighing about 20 tons, to be
hauled from lone. This is impossible
in the present condition of the roads.
It is probable that it will not be at
tempted before the early spring.
Rumor has it that D. McCall will
undertake to haul these ponderous
pieces by the traction engine as soon as
the roads will permit. They will be
taken from lone to Butte City by the
traction, and from there taken to the
plant by the company's own teams.
Card of Thanks.
The officers and members of Jackson
Camp, No. 688, P. J., W. O. W., here
by express their sincere thanks to their
friends from, whom so many favors and
courtesies were received at time of open
installation of officers, Jan. 9, 1905.
H. C. Shear, Con. Com.
J. F. Wilson, Clerk.
A- Pleasant Fill.
No Pill Is as pleasant and positive as
De Witt's Little Early Risers. De-
Witt's Little Early Risers are so mild
and effective that children, delicate
ladies and weak people enjoy their
cleansing effect, while strong " people
say they are the best liver pilJs sold.
Sold by all druggists.
Give us dally some good bread. Pio
neer Flour makes the best.
Speedy Belief.
A salve that heals without a scar is
DeWitt's Witch Hazel Salve. No
remedy effects such speedy relief. It
draws out inflammation, soothes, cools
and heals all cuts, burns and bruises.
A sure cure for Piles and skin diseases:
DeWitt's ia the only genuine Witch
Hazel Salve. Beware of counterfeits,
they are dangerous. . Sold by all drug
gists.
While in the city last week we met
Rev. Geo. W. Beattie, who was pastor
of the Pine Grove church two years
ago. He has recently sustained a se-
Acre loss in the death of a younger
brother in San Francisco. He is tak
ing a vacation from ministerial labors
for one year, and expects to take a trip
the coming spring to his native land,
Ireland, to visit his parents.
The Valley Spring stage had a cap
size Sunday evening on the way to
Jackson, in the vicinity of Scottsville.
There were passengers on board at the
time, but no one was injured.The Kind You Have Always Bought, and which has been
In use for over 30 years, has borne the signature of
J,*-}/? And has been made under his pcr-
fjP~ Sj£/¥tf-t-#- : sonal supervision since its infancy. '
***nryr t *«^CA^H Allow no one to deceive you in this. :
All Counterfeits, Imitations and "Just-as-good" are but
Experiments that trifle with and endanger the health of
Infants and Children— Experience against Experiment*
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
% contains neither Opium, Morphine -nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Fevcrishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
jj Bears the Signature of ' :\l-.: \1-.-
The Kind You Have Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
TH« eCNT»UW COMPANY. TT MURRAY STBEET. Hew YORK CITY.
PEOPLES JHK HI
t OF SACRAMENTO.
Corner Fourth and J Sts.
Paid depositors for the year 1904, 4
percent on term deposits, 3 per cent
On ORDINARY DEPOSITS
Accepts deposits in sums
£ from ONE DOLLAR and
upward.
\
Guaranteed Capital .-. . .$410,000
Paid Up Capital and Reserve. . 342,500
Send Draft, P. O. Order, or Wells-Fargo Order
and we will send pass book.
Money to Loan on Real Estate— —
WM. BECKMAN, PRES.
Geo. W. Lorenz, Cashier. sep3o
BANK OF AMADOR COUNTY
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : : :, $50,000
President Alfonso Ginocchio
Vice-President S. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Casbier Frederick Eudey
BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
Alfonse Ginocchio, S. G. Spagnoli,|John Strohm,
Frederick Eudey and Alex Eudcy of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT.— Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from the Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from lire
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home Institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postofflce or express. Money sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts ot the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County.
They receive deposits from $5 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die it can't be found and you are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive.
I Globe Hotel!
][' "W I
I J NEW MANAGEMENT. J [
I I E. Al. HURST Proprietor ! \
j i RfllES FROM $1 TO $2 11 DAY j [
J | Meals from 25c to 50c. J '
< I Sample Rooms for Cotnmer- ', ',
! ! clal Travelers. ! !
< i All" Stages stop at this hotel. < >
(I i i
ii JACKSON CAL. !
« ! • my 6 ! !
< ♦♦•»•»•>♦»♦»♦•••♦♦•»•♦•♦♦
J. GHIGLIERI & BRO.
Cosmopolitan Liquor Store
JACKSON GATE, CAL.
Dealers and Jobbers in foreign and domestic
WINES, LIQUORS & CIGARS
SELECTED stock of Imported Goods. Choice
California Wines, popular brands. Eastern
and Domestic Beers; special bottling.
Havana, Key West and New York Cigars.
Bourbon, Rye, Sweet and Sour Mash Whiskies
ot celebrated distilleries. ja2 ly
SVANDERPOOL \
HISS MIR i
Plymouth, Cal. ¥
I ]- !
\ Can Make or Repair your /I
i \\\ lIADXipCC man up-to-datework- IjA
/m IlrtlXnCOO manlike manner. jj|/A
||i He carries all kind of Harness and Wf
rf supplies in the line. Also, ttj
■ Buggies, Carriages & Carts 1
\ Carriage Trimming a specialty. j;i2- I
ill? H MARKET
North Main St., Jackson, Cal.
Geo. L. Thomas & Co., Prop'rs
Dealers in all kinds of meats. Choice
BEEF. MUTTON,
PORK, VEAL,
LAMB, HAMS,
CORNED BEEF, BACON,
LARD, ETC. I
At lowest market prices. Orders
promptly delivered. jaB
Look at this
iililf
r ~Y~~ "f
A Magazine of California and
. the Far West
Handsomely Illustrated. $1.00 per
year, and
REVIEW OF REVIEWS
The Busy Man's Magazine
$2.50 per year
All for $3.00 to any address
Mail orders direct to
SUNSET MAGAZINE
Published by Passenger Department
Southern Pacific Company -
No. 4 Montgomery Street, San
Francisco, Cal.
We want agents for SUNSET in this county.
Special terms to good workers.
\
GO TO THE ■
AMADOR BAKERY
A. DAL PORTA & CO., Prop'rs.
when you xnnpan
WANT FEESH V OK d A !/•
We also keop a large stock of
Staplo and Fancy
* GROCERIES. *
Our Prices will suit you.
Onr Specialty-Fresh Bread each day except
Sunday. jaB
Geo. McMillan
" FoTOGRAPHER
' 'Fine Carbon Fotos" all sizes. Groups
and Mining Views. Stamp Fotos
and Button Jewelry.'
JACKSON - - jeH - CAL.
j§i|STOP THAT COUGH
p,vr- is2§Ssi§' %W *** *• *~ *•* VJ An almost, infallible remedy for dis-
' eases o{ the Throat, and Lungs,
ll^£_2p i^ vni^ r^npnn a tvtt* k . now ? used the worW over for
*Lr AFJtrC rORArJT H ahnostaCentnry - *
"DICUARD WEHB
United States Commissioner
.:«'; ; ' JACKSON. CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other filings;
taking of llunl proofs and all other Land
Business.
. Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
Agent for Phoenix Assurance Company of
London, and Washington Providence Fire In
suranco Companies. jevtitt
THE AMADOR LEDGrETI; JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY. JAKUABY 27, 1905.
Where
Extremes
Meet
Copyright, 1901,, by Otho B. Senga
Hammond, strong, alert, silent, guid
ed his dashing automobile in and out
amid the crush of traffic. His compan
ion was silent also, which fact might
have disconcerted a less observant
man than Hammond.
He stopped the machine before a
massive granite building and sprang to
the sidewalk. Miss Markham watched
him absently. He had said that he
must stop at his office, but the waiting
was not unwelcome to her. She liked
to watch the great drays and heavy
wagons and to observe the sights and
sounds of this unfamiliar part of the
city.
Presently she noticed that Hammond
hnd not entered the building, but was
standing in the doorway, looking up
"SHALL WE LOOK FOB IT TOGETHEB,
ELIZABETH ?"
and down the street as If watching for
some one. He caught her wandering
glance and waved his hand, smiling
brightly. Then he put both hands to
his mouth, making a horn, and called
something to her, which she could not
hear above the roar of the street
"He Is like a boy," she thought and
laughed in sympathy with his evident
joyousness. "There Is never any gloom
or any uncertainty about him," adding
sadly: "Men are so sure of themselves
—and of one another. I wish— l wish I
knew if he thinks only of my money,
as all the others seem to do."
Still watching his eager face, she
knew that whatever he had been wait-
Ing for was coming, and he pointed up
the street and laughed again as he ran
lightly down the steps.
■ Two young Italians, a man and a
woman, were making ready to play.
The girl wore a rose wreath on her
dark hair, and her eyes were filled with
the light of love as she looked fondly
In the face of her companion.
The strains of the music came to Miss
Markham in fitful snatches, mingled
with- the noises of the street. She saw
that Hammond was listening as If to a
symphony, and she wondered a little
as to the meaning of the scene. She
saw hhn place something in tke girl's
small brown hand, and then the man
took off his cap with low obeisance,
and the girl courtesied prettily as Ham
mond raised his hat politely and made
his way to the automobile.
"What Is It?" she questioned briefly
as he took bis seat
"Only the beautiful outcome of a lit
tle romance that I have watched as it
blossomed here amid the sordid rush
of business."
"They are lovers, these two?" fall-
Ing in with his mood.
"Yes. Wedded last night Two mag
nificent types of primitive humanity 1"
with the enthusiasm of artistic percep
tion. : ;
They watched the two as they went
down the street, each pushing the pi
ano with one hand, while the other
hands were clasped.
"Will you tell me about them?" she
askecP j\.s they reached a broad, quiet
avenue away from the din and confu
sion of tile city.
"Are you really interested?" turning
to look at tier curiously. '. ,"
"Very much* so. Tlease tell me."
"They are Antolne and Carita. They
may have other names. These are all
I know. I have watched them from
my window all winter. He had a tiny
fruit stand on the corner, and she was
errand girl in a big millinery establish
ment on the next street. I saw the
first love glances, and I swear by Bun-
Jfeer Hill they did not come from An
foine." v_ "■.
Miss Markham laughed softly. .
"I watciied Carlta passing and re
passing, making several trips by the
little stand for eacn*' errand, JJien
there would be days when she did not
come at all, and Antolne's neck would
have been safer in those days if It had
really been made of rubber instead of
the material provided by the Creator."
Miss Markham smiled appreciatively.
She could fancy the ardent Italian gaz
ing up and down the street watching
for his sweetheart.
"Well, occasionally making pretense
of an abnormal desire for bananas, I
rushed out to the stand while she was
still lingering there, and so I some
times overheard a few sentences— their
HUN LEDGER <# WEEKLY CHICAGO Iflltl
— $2.50 PER YEAIt - .
loft Italian" love words sounding like
bird notes In spring. Can't you fancy
them building a nest somewhere of
boughs and moss— they wouldn't re
quire much more than the birds, you
know— and settling down like the birds
to sing their love songs and rear their
young?"
Otho B.
Senga
A new light shone in Miss Mark
bam's clear eyos.
"And this is the man whom the girls
describe as a mere business automa
ton," she thought, but she only said
encouragingly, "Well?"
Hammond's head swam for an in
stant with a comprehension of the
magnitude of what he meant to do, but
he went on steadily.
"The day of the tornado— you remem
ber it— when the wind tore shutters
from the houses and overthrew chim
neys and great limbs were stripped
from the trees as the small boy pulls
leaves from a twig— that day I wit
nessed the. downfall of the house of
Buona— ln other words, the complete
destruction of Antolne's fruit stanfl
and peanut cooker."
Miss Markham sighed with quick
sympathy. Hammond was uncpn-
Bdously giving the little story a dra
matic turn.
"Poor Antolne! He made one or two
frantic endeavors to prevent the disas
ter, and then, crushed by the misfor
tune, he clung to the doorway of the
office building and watched the gamins
as they wildly scrambled for the scat
tered fruit"
"And was everything entirely ru
ined?" Miss Markham'« hand instinc
tively sought her purse.
"The peanut cooker lay in the mud,
bent and twisted out of all semblance
tq its kind. Antolne picked it up with
trembling hands and then, realizing its
uselessness, replaced It in the gutter,
while the tears streamed down his
cheeks." '
"That Isn't- all?" expectantly. ; \. ;1
Hammond continued obediently:
" 'Never mind, Antoine,' I said cheer
fully—it's so easy_ to be cheerful over
another's misfortunes, you know—
'you'll soon be on your feet again. We
must expect reverses In bustness.' At
my words of sympathy the flood gates
of his grief were opened, and the
words fairly tumbled over one another,
his soft broken English finally relaps
ing into Italian altogether as he told
his story. He had been so careful of
his money— he had saved twenty-three
'dolla.' They were to have been mar
ried tomorrow, he and Carita, and he
was to have bought Carita a new gown
and a rose wreath for her hair, and
they would have been so happy! And
now— then he pointed eloquently to
the ruined peanut cooker, waved both
hands in a gesture expressing the utter
nothingness of his condition, and the
ready tears came again.
"I missed him then for several
weeks. The other day they came to
gether and waited until I came out
from the office. 'My brudda— he die,'
began Antoine cheerily as soon as I
Joined them. 'An' leave Antolne sev
enty-four dolla,' said Carita, her eyes
big with the magnitude of the for
tune. 'An' his business,' Antolne add
ed pompously. 'Did he have a stand?'
I asked him. 'No, a piano. We mar
ry ourselves tonight, Thursday.' "
Hammond paused abruptly. The ex
pression on Miss Markham's patrician
face_ was so unlike the usual air of po
lite * indifference that he was almost
startled Into the telling of his own
story, forgetful of the Italian lovers.
"That is all," he added awkwardly.
"And how Hd you know they would
be at your office this morning?" as if
reluctant to leave the subject.
"Antoine hunted me up last night—
at the club. Said his wife— you should
have seen his eyes's"oien he said the
word— his wife want«l'*to come and
play for me first, believing it would
bring them luck. I hadn't intended to
go downtown this morning, as you
know, but I thought that was really
very little to do if it would add any
thing to their happiness. Foolish
things, aren't they?" He turned his
head away. She would • agree with
this, of course, and he couldn't bear to
have her do so.
She put her hand lightly on his arm.
"No, they are not foolish. They are
wise. They have found the greatest
thing in the world. Those who win
love need, look no farther; there is noth
ing more to have here. They who lose
it lose everything.
He put his own strong hand over the
smaller one resting' on his arm.'
"Shall we look for it— together, Eliza
beth?"
She looked hastily about— there was
no one near; they were quite in the
country now— and raised her beautiful
face to his. "I think we have found
it already," she whispered.
A Very Large Mine.
There was once in Cripple Creek an
odd character named Burns. He was
an odd person^ who always, no mat
ter what his work, wore what used to
be called a "Prince Albert." He struck.
a rich vein of ore and named that the
Prince Albert Being of a generous
and . convivial disposition, this lucky
fellow was, of. course, surrounded by
many self, seeking friends. When he
and they were in their cups some of
them, with an eye to the main chance,
managed to wheedle out of Barns on
one | pretext or another a deed of a
share in his mine. With royal prodi
gality he scattered deeds about among
his retainers and camp followers un
til finally something had to be done,
and the case was taken Into court.
One of the lawyers had Burns on the
stand. "Now, Mr. Burns," said the
lawyer, "will you please tell the court
how you can explain your conduct?
The evidence shows that you have
deeded away twenty-nine twenty
fourths of 'your mine. What have you
to say to that?" "Well, sir," replied
the witness, "you must remember, sir,
that the Prince Albert Is a very large
mine."
AW w r^+Jry, W^W Th e dose is one, just one pill I
A'VPl^r*ill.© ar . bedtime - Sugar-coated,
1 m. T VlUl lllo mild » certain. They cure
» *t ■- - ■ ■ - • constipation. iSiiSSSSi'.
Want ycur moustache or beard RliniflNßUAM'Q IWC
abcautifulbrownorrichblack? Use BiUfMJISMSA JyA
■ \ - r -
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION^
«< Made From SELECTED WHEAT
| Blended According to Our Own Formula
f 4 Producino Perfect Results and
Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
% Sweet to the Palate's Touch and
\ Snowy White
•— — -PIONEER FLOUR BILLS. SACRAMENTO -•
I^9|j|l> LIYERIf ' STABLE!
I 3 . O'NEILL & PODESTA, PROP'S. £
a . ■'■.'.._■ . ' *
1 Transient Customers given the very best of attention. «
ja Telegraph and Telephone Orders Promptly *
J Four-in-HaDds, Surreys, Pole and Single Buggies, Saddle. Horses. S
J IVTAIN STREET, JACKSON - - - CAL. *
R^^SS L - IN " Pre^ <lent • USE LUMBERMAN'S CODE AND TELECODE •
a^A^II-.^jri'^reasarer LON6 AND LAR6E T.MBERS A SPEC.ALTY
603-604-605-606-607 /^^^^^^, M™*** Ph ° ne »
Claus Spreckels B'ld'g ML^i^M „
san Francisco. (SH| \]fl]f !$r! s |Is! Oregon Pine.
Telephone: %yk m^J^l Cedar and
Pr.vate Exchange 279 , Red WOO(1
# #'■# # Lumber
mchl3 §§| (.ncorporated) Rough or Worked
WE CIVE SPECIAL ATTENTION TO THE MINER'S REQUIREMENTS IN
MINING LUMBER AND TIMBER. Delivered to any destination desired.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
I! ' W^ cIL METT-LBi j;
*'TT T ' t •
0 -n*t« PROPRIETOR OFj^o- !!-
| | CENTRAL * MARRET-j il;
|| Fancy Groceries, Fresh Fruits, Vegetables !>j
• FINE ASSORTMENT OF TEAS AND COFFEES. \\
il | FRESH FISH EVERY THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. | II
1i • ,
< > Drop in and Compare Prices and be Convinced that You can < i
( > Save, Money by Trading With Me. ! ',
Itt Alfalfa M
Samples and Quotations on Application.
Catalogue of VEGETABLE and
FLOWER SEEDS— Free
WRITE FOH A COPY
TRUMBULX & BEEBE
Seedsmen & Nurserymen
419-421 Sansome St. Sao Franclso»
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
;A. Malatesta :
• -.. BAKERY •
• SUTTER CREEK, CAL. •
• BEST FAMILY GROCERIES J
« French and American Bread, Pies, O
• Cakes, Cookies, etc. •
• Wagon visits Jackson on Tuesday, J
S Thursday and Saturday of each week. 5
0 . ' sep-i J
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
I>. OETTINGGU S. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry a Machine Shop
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery 1 made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to tho
fact that we keep constantly on hand a largo
and complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
1-on, gas pipe, gas lutings, etc., which we will
sell at the LOWEST CASH PRICES.
TO THE UNFORTUNATE
,#jfeS%<iff"£||SASsS, themost successful spe-
(MJWCT : :*flPT«<9ijJ4 cialist in S;m Francis-
/S^a I : '' MmlJsf costillcontinuestocuro
Klin. L rfcfj^rajrtt a " Sexual and Seminal
Bljl'lOTnSl^jltsvSNS'j Oiseases.such as Ghon-
<>rrnol '. l - ;loet - slr ' cturc i
V^f'fm «I§SJrPlls Syphilis in all its forms
*^S»3yjXr nu^** 1 '!*!! Skin Discas es, Nervous
IS^^gsJgiliiiiiM Seminal Weakness.and
*x<OftSi*KK3»s»&N.<KN.» loss, o , Manhood, the
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counte-
nance dark spots under the eyes, pain in the
head, ringing in the ears, loss of conlldence,
dillldence in approaching strangers, palpitation
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and back,
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs,
consumption, etc.
DR. GIBBON has practiced in San Francisco
over 40 years, and those troubled should not
fail to consult him and receive the bcncQt of
his great skill and experience. The doctor
cures when others fail. Try him. Cures guar-
anteed. Persons cured at home. Charges reas-
onable. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. Gibbon, 829 Kearney street, San
Francisco, Cal.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Imported and Domestic
Wines*Liquors*Ciprs
* JACKSON CAL.
■
f~\ISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
XJ toll Cognac, Meet & Chaudon, White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros.,
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries: Royal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Freres,
Bordeaux, Clarets and Sauternes ; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ited,' Walkerville, Ontario, Canada: John do
Kuyper & Zoon, Cotterdam, Gin; Gilka Kuem-
mel, from J. A, Gilka, Berlin; Barthloomay
Brewery Company. Rochester, N. V,, Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness'
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London); Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ale; Naglee Brandy; Relmported American
Whiskies.
MINERS* HEADQUARTERS
Tarn & Marenzi's
MAIN STBEET, JACKSOH.
EVERYTHING •
In tho lino of Wearing Apparel used
by a Miner can be found at our Store.
We make a specialty of Gents' Fur-
nishings as well, and our prices are as
low as the lowest.
Sole Agents for the Mercantile
Tailoring Co. of Chicago.
jan 8
•••••••••••••••••••••••a**
| UNITED STfITES ill j
• Daily Stage Line •
• Between Jackson, Pine Grove *
• and Volcano. •
• T. A. MARSINO - Proprietor •
• Leaves Jackson daily at 6:30 a. m ■
• Arrives at Pine Grove aoout 9a. m , and •
• at Volcano about 9 :30 am. 0
• Makes connection with the stage lcav- •
• ing Volcano for Defender every Monday,
• Wednesday and Friday. •
0 Leaves Volcano daily at 2p. m., ar- 5
Z riving at Pine Grove at 3 p. m , and .
J . Jackson at 5 p. m. J
9 lSest service in Amador County. *
•i; Prompt delivery of packages a •
• specialty. •
• Fahe— Jackson to Volcano 11.50; Jack- •
• son to Pine Grove $1.00. Round trip •
• to Volcano Hi. so. •
a Offices— National Hotel, Jackson, and 2
a Postolltccs Pine Grove and Volcano. JJ
0 maro £
••••••••• •««t»OOIt««ttt«lt
,_ Grove's Tastefosg CM! Tonic : ;
has stood the test 25 yet Average Aiuusal Sales byes* One and a Half Million
bottles. Does this record of merit appeal io ysn? No Cwre, No Pay. 50c
Enclosed whh every bottle is a Ten Cent, package of Crgve's EJack Root, liver Pills. ' !\
A LEPAGE PICTURE.
The Work That Brought the Artist
Public Recognition.
The label on "a certain spring water
still In use was designated by Dv
Maurler, who was probably not over
paid for it, and a New York artist who
has since gained distinction eked out
the hardest part of his early struggles
by designing advertisements for a
commercial house. There have been
many more perhaps, but the most con
spicuous on record is Bastlen Lepage,
who through this very fact was forced
into fame. He was pursued by unmer
ciful disaster through his youth in his
efforts to study art. His mother worked
In the fields to keep a sickly boy at
school. At fifteen he went alone to
Paris, starved for seven years, painted
without success, but still— painted. He
had Just finished a picture to send to
the Salon when Paris was besieged,
and he rushed with his comrades to
the trenches.
On the first day a shell fell into his
studio and "destroyed his picture, 'and
another shell burst at his feet, wound
ing him. He was carried home and lay
ill and idle for two years. Then he re
turned to Paris and, reduced to abso
lute want, painted cheap fans for a
living.
One day a manufacturer of some pat
ent medicine ordered a picture from
him to illustrate its virtues. Lepage,
who was always sincere, gave his best
work to this advertisement.' He paint
ed a landscape In the April sunlight.
The leaves of tender green quivered in
the breeze. A group of beautiful young
girls gathered around a fountain from
which the elixir of youth sprang in a
bubbling stream, i Lepage believed there
was real merit in it.
"Let me offer it at the Salon?" he
asked his patron.
The manufacturer was delighted.
"But first paint a rainbow arching over
the fountain," he said, "with the name
of my medicine upon.lt"
Lepage refused.
- "Then I will not pay you a sou for
the picture." ,;
The price of this picture meant bread
for months, and the painter had long
needed bread. The chance of admis
sion to the salon was small. He hesi
tated. Then he silenced his hunger and
carried the canvas to the salon. It was
admitted.
- Its great success insured Lepage
public recognition, and his later work
gained him a place among the greatest
of living artists.
PROVERBS OF MEXICO.
The noise is more than the powder—
the Mexican way of saying it is "hot
air."
When it rains, we all get wet— the
Mexican way of saying, "Misfortunes
never come singly." -.
The devil is not astute because he is
the devil, but because he Is old— used
to express the value of experience.
When bread is cut, crumbs are left,
expressing the fact that we all have a
share in our neighbors' good fortune. '
After the child is drowned, cover up
the well — the Mexican way of saying,
'.'After the horse Is stolen, lock the
stable." ,
It Is better to go around than to fall
down, expressing the fact that It Is
often better to avoid a difficulty than
to try to overcome it. — Chicago Jour
nal.
Would Blake Sure About the Soap.
A little boy who had been blowing
bubbles all the morning, tiring of play
and suddenly growing serious, said,
"Read me that thory about heaven; il
ith tho glorlouth."
"I will," said the mother, "but first
tell me, did you take the soap out of
the water?"
"Oh, yes; I'm pretty thure I did."
The mother read the description of
the beautiful city, the streets of gold,
the gates of pearl. He listened with
delight, but when ' she came to the
words, "No one can enter there who
loveth or maketh a lie," bounding up,
he said:
"I gueth I'll go and tbee about that
thoap!" — New York Observer.
Entangled In a I.lvc Wire.
If a person is tangled in a live elec
tric wire and you want to extricate him
therefrom do not take hold of the vic
tim's hands, as is often done in a case
of this kind. You will be shocked if
you do. Be sure to grab the clothes
alone, and then you are safe, and the
current cannot reach you. Do not let
anything come in contact with your
bare hands but his coat and trousers.
Of course if you have thick leather
gloves on you can handle with impu
nity the individual in distress.
Appropriate Ending.
The thoughtful little boy with the
high forehead tied an oblong receptacle
made of tin to the dog's tall and
watched the animal go tearing down
the alley. ■
"J*or a Scotch collie," the boy ex
plained to the bystanders, "I thought
he wasn't quite as canny as he ought
to be.''— Chicago Tribune.
Softening It.
Boothlet— What do you mean by say-
Ing^ I'm the worst actor you ever saw?
Coolly— Well, I've no doubt it did seem
rather harsh; but, then, you know,
there are so many actors I have never
seen!— Boston Transcript
* — —
Irritating Iterntion.
"I don't ccc why you call him stupid.
He says a clever thing quite often."
"Exactly. He doesn't seem to realize
tt(at It should be said only once."«-
Phfladelphla Press.
For the Serious Moment.
"I hear he refused to take chloroform
when he was operated on."
"Yes; he said he'd rather take tt
when he paid his bill."
> @ v»»tt DR. JORDAN'S o~at
'f^Museum of Anatomy
I IKi SI. tot. 6'.1i 4 7th, 5. P. CiL
111 1 p»ft Th< Largcstot in kind in Ilia World.
i\ I™H c ara conliouallr ftd<liu* dpw iprcimpm.
1 1. « vv Com« an«l learn how wondvrlull.v y«u are mada
C\H and how to avoid ■k*kDe«s and disease, lfjou
i \ tt sufr.T from any of the ills of men, come to the
' J^ oldest Specialist on the Pacific Coast,
} ni{..lOßt».*!V-I'RIVATK IHKKASr.ft
CousultatioofreeaDdstrtetlrprivati'. Tn-»tment persun.
k ally or by letter. HTNIILm thoroußhl; eradicated
r from the lyfitem without n.sin^ nprrar;.
l:vi:nir MA-w ippltins to sa will rrcciro cvir
f hottest opinion of hia complaint.
ir* trill Guarantee a POSITIVE CVRF in ecenf ra» «
k ire undsrtake, or forfeit One Thonsamd Ikallaira.
' Write fur Book— l»llllo«O|>li.T of .Marriage,
\ H&rtiD ran. (A valuable book formen.)
' DB. JORDAN ACO.,lo6lMarkotßLaF.
| Tj T^ 1 O Fruit and
I !• l—i . I— < Ornamental
1 I\ I I Deciduous and
k k \ k~J k-j Evergreen
We have " the IJrg; si stock and assort-
.' ment on the
PACIFIC COAST
Complete Stock of Everything for
Commercial Orchards or Home
• t Beautifying.
~' . SEND FOB 1904-1905 CATALOGUE
GALIFORNIfI NURSERY CO.
NILEB, CAL. dc2-3m
NOTICE
Office of the Tax Collector,
OF THIS COUNTT OF Ama'dOH,
State of California
V^OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN TO THE
tnT>?. x PS, ye^S of Am »dor county, tßat I, T. X
K A .N. Tax-collector of Amador county
did on the loin day of October. I'.HM, receive
from the County Auditor of Amador county the
original assessment books for the year 19ft
containing a list of the persons assessed fo.
real and personal property, and the amount ol
State and County taxes due thereon for said
That said taxes are now due and payable U
me at my office in the court house, in the towi
of Jackson, county of Amador, State of Call
forma. . -
That the taxes on all personal property se
cured by real property, and one-half of th(
taxes on all real property were due and payablf
on the second Monday in Octobar. 190J, and wil
be delinquent on the last Monday in November
next thereafter, at 6 o'clock p. m., and that un
less paid prior thereto, tif teen per cent will tx
added to the amount thereof, and if said one
half be not paid before the last Monday it
April next at 6 o'clock p. m., an additional flvi
per cent will be added thereto.
That the remaining one-half of . the taxes or
?h al ,S? >p^ rty 5* 111 •* Payable on and aftei
the first Monday in January next, and will tx
delinquent on the last Monday in April nex
thereafter, at 6 o'clock p. m., and that unless
paid prior thereto, Bye per cent will be addet
to the amount thereof. ■ 
That all taxes may be paid at the time th<
first installment, as herein provided I is dm
and payable.
First installment, one-half real estate and al
personal property, due October 10th, 1904
First installment, one-half real estate and al
F,ST? on . a ! Propels, delinquent November 27th
1904, at 6 o'clock p. m.
Second installment, one half real estate, dm
Second installment, one-half .real estate, de
linquent April 24th. 1905, at 6 orclock p m
the first installment is due. -
Taxes not paid according to law will be de
linquent and 15 per cent and 5 per cent ant
other costs will be added thereto. .
Positively no checks received for the pay
ment of taxes.
T. K. HOBMAN,
oel-i Tax Collector of Amador County
•••••••••••••••••••••••••I
5 NATIONAL I
J JACKSON, CAL. , ]
— .- i
I BEST OF ACCOMMODATIONS \
I Rates $1.00 to $3.00 a Day
S OFFICE FOR ALL '
• • STAGE LINES. - :: ;
S Frank A. Voorheis - Prop..
••••••••••••••••••••••••a
LUCOT & FORD
PRACTICAL HORSESHOERS
<j| MAIN STBEET, JACKBOJI JS«
<fj SEAB NATIONAL HOTEL f
Particular attention paid to Interfering
Stumbling, Over-reaching. Cross-Firing, Quar
ter Cracks, and all Imperfections of the Foot.
Buggy and Carriage Work Prompt
ly Done.
»O- Agents for Buggies, Carts and othe
vehicles at lowest prices.
ALL WORK GUARANTEED.
CHARGES SEASONABLE,
janl-tf . TELEPHONE 401
••••••••••••••••••••♦••••i
j DAILY STAGE LINE!
• BETWEEN !
• JACKSON and EL DORADO j
• J. Stelner, Proprietor. <
2 Leaves Jackson every morning at 7:30 J
■ a. m ; arrives at Plymouth 10:30 a. m. <
• Loaves Plymouth at Ip. m. ; arrives at '
J El Dorado sp. m. - J
2 Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a.m.; arrives ]
• at Plymouth 11 a. m. Leaves Plymouth i
• at 2p. m. ; arrives in Jackson at 5 p. m. <
5 Offices— Jackson. National Hotel ; Sin- !
m ter Creek, American Exchange ; Ama- !
Z dor City, Amador Hotel; Dry town, Ex- !
J change; Plymouth, Forest House. . J
• Prompt delivery of packages. <
• This line connects with passenger <
• trains to and from Placerville.
• THROUGH FARE - - - - 52.80 J
• Fifty pounds of baggage free. ' <
•••••••••••••••••••••••••(
If You Want Z7~
Good Health fr&f
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER' IN THE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Malt
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. .myS9