Established November i, 1855.
.LAWYERS.
|^1 H. CUOCKEK
Attorney-at-Law
.- Jackson, Cal.
Will4>ractice in all courts of the State. ; %;• :
DOCTORS.
yy:. T - i>. m. quinn
Physician and Surgeon
AMADOR CITY. CAL.
Office "hours— 2 to 4 and 7toBp. m. Telephone
at residence.
TVK, A. PARKER. LEWIS
Physician and Surgeon
SUTTER CREEK.
Office: — Werner Building • CAL
T* ' E. ENDICOTT," M. D. :
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office: Webb building. All oalU promptly
attended to at all times,
T\R. E. V. -TIFFANY
Physician and Surgeon
PLYMOUTH, CAL.
Office— Forrest House. Hours— B to 9 a. m.,
and 1 to 2 and 7 to 8 p. m.
Telephone Main 41.
I"\B. L. E. PHILLIPS
Physician and Surgeon
JACKSON CAL.
X-Ray used in Practice.
Office— Weil & Renno Building. Residence
north Main street, opposite California
Hotel.
Telephone No. 401.
DR. A. M. GALL
: , .. T;, Physician and Surgeon '
Jackson. Cal
Office in Marelia building. Main Street
TAR. H. N. FKEIMAN
Physician and Surgeon
SUTTER CREEK. CAL.
Offle hours— l 2 to 2 and 7to 8:30 p. m. ' ,
-pvR. J. 11. O'CONNOR ! -
Physician and Surgeon
Formerly of Roosevelt Hospital and Vander-
bllt Clinic, New York City.
Office and residence opposite the Methodist
Church.
SUTTER CREEK. CAL.
DENTISTS. .
TvK. C. A. HERRICK
— DENTIST — - .
Jackson. Cai>
Office in Kay buUaing. Hours from 9a. m. to
sp. m. •■;
t\r, JOHN A. DELUCCHI
DENTIST -
' ■ SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office Hoobs:— From 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
piCHARD WEBB
United States Commlsslone
JACKSON AL.
Will attend to Homestead and other filings .;
taking of final proofs and all other Land
Business.
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
Still on Deck.
ASSAYING 50 cts.
Assaying 50c. Spot cash for Gold, Amalgam,
Cyanide Precipitate, Rich Ore &c. Mail or ex-
press.
Pioneer Assaying Co.
' (30 years established.) /
131 sth St., near U. S. Mint, San s"ranoisco, Cal
Restablished with a ne^? ani* np-tj-date
plane • > -
:
♦••••••••••©•••••••••••••t
;A. Malatesta |
* BAKERY 5
« SUTTER CREEK, CAL. •
• BEST FAMILY GROCERIES J
« French and American Bread, Pies, •
• Cakes, Cookies, etc. J
• Wagon visits Jackson on Tuesday, •
i Thursday and Saturday of each week. •
sep2 0
*••••©•»••••••••••••••••••
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA.
Boarding and Day School conducted by the Sis-
" ters of Notre Dame (Namur). Founded in 1856
The curiculum embraces all the branches of
a solid English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses in art. language and music.
_ ;
For further information address
aplO-tf SISTER SUPERIOR. -
J.GHIGLIERI&BRO.
Cosmopolitan Liquor Store
LJACKSON GATE, CAL.
Dealers and Jobbers in foreign and domestic
WINES, LIQUORS & CIGARS
SELECTED stock of Imported Goods. Choice
O California Wines, popular brands Eastern
and Domestic Beers special bottling.
Havana, Key West and New York Cigars.
Bourbon, Rye, Sweet and Sour Mash Whiskies
of celebrated distilleries. ja2ly
SAVED,
The A. VanderNailen
SCHOOLS OP ENGINEERING
Open in all Branckhes.
Great demand for ex-students in all lines.
New students should enroll at once.
Address, 5100 Telegraph Avenue,
OAKLAND, CALIF. mylB I
The Amador Ledger.
I>R. F. N. STAPLES
STAPLES' MURDER CASE.
Supreme Court Sets Aside the Death Sentence
and Orders a New Trial.
Full Text of an Interesting and Sweeping: Decision.
In Bank. People of the State of
California, plaintiff aud respond
ent, vs. F. N. Staples, defendant and
appellant. Crim. No. 1310.
The defendant was indicted for the
murder ot his wife in Amador county,
convicted, sentenced to deatb, aud
appeals from the judgment and an
order -denying his motiou for a new
trial. Many grounds are urged for a
reversal, but it is mainly insisted
that the verdict of the jury was not
warranted from the evidence
Before we approach the considera
tion ot this claim, however, it is
necessary to dispose o*. other points
raised by the defendant prior to the
actual tria 1 , which were ruled on
adversely to him, and upon which he
predicates error.
These points are that the court
erred in refusing to grant the motion
of defendant to be permitted to with
draw his plea of not guilty, so that he
might move to set aside the iudict
ment filed against him, and also
erred in deuyiug his motion for a
cnange of venue.
As to the motion to permit a with
drawal of his plea. it appears that
upon the arraignment of defendant,
March 9, 1905. he was represented by
an attorney, and tbe time for receiv
ing his plea continued until March
11, 1905, at which time he entered a
plea of "not guilty," and the time
for trial, by consent of said attorney,
was Uxed for April 10, 1905. Neither
at that time nor prior thereto was
any motion of that character inter
posed. Subsequent to tbe arraign
ment and plea, defendant having pro
cured additional counsel, they gave
notice that on March 27, 1905, they
would move tbe court to grant a
continuance of the time for trial for
a month, and to permit defendant to
withdraw his plea of "not guilty,"
and make such motiou relative to the
indictment as he might be advised,
said motiou being based on the
grounds that defendant could not
prepare for trial on the day set, aud
that tbe plea of "not guilty" was
iuadvertently entered. The motion
was based upon affidavits which were
addressed mainly to a showing for a
continuance, although as to the
motion for leave to withdraw the plea
it appeared therefrom that tbe attor
ney representing defendant on the
arraignment and at the time he plead,
was inexperienced and unacquainted
with tbe practice in criminal pro
cedure, and for that reason it was
claimed tailed to make a motiou to
set aeide the indictment before the
defendant plead. Upon the hearing
the court granted tbe motiou for a
continuance, bat denied tbe motion
to allow a withdrawal of the plea.
As there was no proper showing
addressed to the motiou to withdraw
tbe plea of "not guilty" and be per
mitted to interpoee a motion to set
aside tbe indictment— nothing to
show that there "existed any ground
upon which such motion might be
based if an opportunity to present it
way granted — the order denying tbe
motiou to set aside tbe plea was
correotly made. Undoubtedly a de
fendant has a right, notwithstanding
a plea ot not guilty is interposed, to
move at any time prior to the trial
tor leave to withdraw it for the pur
pose of demurring or moving to set
aside the Indictment. (People vs.
Villarino, 66 Cal., 230) but he baa no
absolute right upon motion to have
:he order made, and whether it shall
be granted or not is a matter resting
in tbe discretion of tbe court, to be
exercised upon proper and sufficient
showing, aud it cannot be said that
such discretion is abused where a
oare motion to be permitted to with
draw tbe plea and attack the indict
ment is presented without auy
suggf-stion or showing that, if grant
ed, he defendant has auy grounds
whatever upon which to base tbe
motion which he claims be desires to
interpose. It would be an idle act
upon the part of the court to further
delay the trial of a cause which was
advanced so tar as to have the plea of
the defendant entered, by granting a
motion to withdraw that plea aud
permit an attack upon tbe indictment,
without any snowing at all that valid,
reasonable or even any disputable
grounds existed upon which an attack
could or would be based. While in
experience ol counsel may supply a
reason why tbe motiou to set aside
was not made before tbe plea of de
fendaut was entered, it in no wise
tends to show that there then existed
any grounds upon which a motiou
could have been based had he beeu
more experienced in criminal pro
cedure. Tbe showing of inexperience
should have been supplemented by
some showing, by affidavit of tbe
existence of facts or grounds upon
which a motion to set aside tbe
indictment could have been based
bad bis counsel beeu advised of the
legal right of detendaut to do so, or
at least by proffer for filing of a
motion to set aside the indictment
upon specific grounds should tbe
motion to withdraw tbe plea be
granted. As no affidavit was pre
sented and no proffer made, there was
hence nothing to indicate that any
grounds existed upon which to pre
dicate a motion should the plea be
withdrawn, and under these circum
stances there was no abuse of dis
cretion on the part ot the court in
denying tbe motion for leave to do so.
the motiou of March 27, I'.uj.i, hav
ing been properly denied, the defend
ant, through the same counsel who
had presented the original motion,
but without any leave or permission
of the court to do so, on April 27,
1905, again moved tbe court to per
mit tbe withdrawal of defendant's
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY. CAIiIJfOBNIA, FRIDAY. JULY 20, 1906.
MRS EMILY MAUD HOXIF.
plea and for leave to file a motion to
set aside the indictment upou a num
ber of specific grounds. The morion
was based upon affidavits settiug
forth that certain of the grand jurors
participating iv finding the indict
ment against defendaut were biased
and prejudiced; that others were uot
citizens of the United States; that
others were not on the assessment roll,
and also setting forth other grounds
as a basis for the contemplated motion
to set aside. It was also accompauied
by a proffer of a motion to set aside
the iudictment upon all these
grounds.
We are not advised, from anything
in the briefs of appellant, where he
found authority in law warranting
him in making this second motion.
Possibly tho court upon application
could have permitted the defendaut to
renew his motiou, but we know of uo
rule of procedure which entitled the
defendant as a matter of right to re
new it.
Independent of this, however, the
affidavits which accompanied the sec
ond motion ao not show that counsel
and the defendant were not not fully
advised of the existence of all the
feels recited in their affidavits accom
panying the renewed motion when
the original motion was made; ncth
ing to show their inability to present
these facts upon that motion. For
all that appears upon the renewed
motion and affidavits accompanyiug it
the defendant and his counsel were
in possession of all the facts when
the first motion was made as grounds
for setting aside the indictment urged
on their second application. Not a
particle of excuse, if any existed, is
suggested why they did not then pre
sent them. Iv the abseuce of any
showing by counsel of igucrance of
the facts upon which the secoud
motion was based when they made
the first one, it is only reasonable to
iuter that they knew of their exist
ence, aud that by failure to preseut
them at tuat time they waived them.
Treating the secoud motion as in the
nature of an application to set aside
the previous order, and to allow an
additional or further showing, the
refusal of the court to do so cannot
be said to be error. As the granting
of a motion to set aside a plea ia
discretionary with the court, if on
the original application there is
nothing to show at all to warrant
the order then applied fur, or such
weak showiug as to justify its refusal,
it cannot be said to be an abuse of
discretion to refuse to set aside the
order so as to allow another differ
ent or additional showing. It sucb
a rule could obtain, the right of
counsel to renew such motions and
predicate error upon their denial
would be unlimited and uurestrained.
Ot course, no 6ucb right exists. For
these reasons the second application
was without warrant and properly
denied.
As to the denial ot the motion of
defendant for a change of venue. The
affidavits on his motion were directed
to the point whether defendant could
obtain a fair and impartial trial in
Amador county, where tho alleged
crime was committed. Those pre
sented on the part of the defendant
tended to show a general prejudice
existed in that county against him
that he could not. Those on the part
of the prosecution, tended to show
that no prejudice existed sufficient
to preclude him from having a fair
trial. We think from a perutal ot
the affidavits, without detailing the
facts disclosed by them, that the de
fendant made a very strong showing
in support of his motion, but upou
settled principles ot law we do uot
think the defendant is in a position
to claim any error in the action nf
the court iv regard to it. When the
motion was made the court did not
make final disposition of it, but
denied it temporarily, sayiug: "The
rule involved has beeu in existence in
this state from the 9tn California
down to the pre-eut time— nearly un
broken line of authorities— and is to
the effect that the bourt may compel,
if it so desires, at least an attempt to
draw a jury before passing upon a
matter of this kind finally
The order of the court is that the
motion for a change of venue be
denied temporarily. You under
stand, of course, (addressing counsel
for defendant) that the denying ot
the motion temporarily means that
hereafter if it develops that there is
any ground for it the court will
entertain the motion agaiu."
Of course, couusel were familiar
with the case referred to by the court
—People vs. Plurnmer, 9 Cal. 298—
and the subsequent cases of People
vs. Goldenson, 76 Cal., 328, and
People vs. Fredericks, 100" Cal., 3014,
holding that it ia no error tor the
trial court to postpone the consider
ation of an application for a change
of venue until au attempt is made to
empauel the jury, whore leave is
granted to counsel to renew his
application if the facts disclosed ou
the einpanelment should further
warrant it, aud that where counsel
fails thereafter to renew his motiou,
be cauuot claim that error was com
mitted by the court iv failing to
order a chauge of veuve. In those
cases it was held (notably iv the
latter case) that the fdilure to renew
bis motiou, where it was denied
temporarily only, was au abaudau
ment aud waiver of tho whole ques
tion, and fatal to auy claim based
upon the original application. In the
case at bar no ultimate disposition
of the motion was tnao'e, and defend
ant was accorded the right to subse
quently renew his motion. He did
not do uo, and be cannot, within the
rule of the above cases, now insist
that the court erred, when his right
to move was only postponed, and he
did not see fit to avail nimself ot his
opportunity to subsequently renew
the motion.
Having disposed of those objections
we now come to a consideration of
the principul point insisted upon by
appellant, tliat tbe verdict was not
warranted by the evidence.
Uiving a general outline of tbe
evidence, preliminary to a particular
consideration of it when we reach tbe
salient points in the case, it appeals
that defendant, a physician, and his
wife, a trained nurse, tcok up. theii
residence in Atuador City in 1902,
where defendant engaged in the
practice of his profession. In June,
July and August, of 1904, there was
an epidemic of typhoid fever in that
city, and defendant was employed
professionally iv many cases growing
out of it, his wife assisting him in
tbe care ot his typhoid patients. In
August of that year, whilo nursing a
little girl guttering from that disease
his wife wsa taken ill— it is claimed
on the part of the defense fiom a
attack of typhoid fever, a matter
wbioh will be considered later— and
took to her beti on the 14th of that
month. Next morning defendant
employed a Mrf Keeves as house
keeper, and on August 17th engaged
Miss McCarthy, a professional nurse,
to take charge of bis wife; called Dt
(Jail of Jacket) n into consultation,
and at the time Miss McCarthy camo
to nurse, called in JJr Quinn, who
prescribed for her and attended her
thereafter until tbe morning of
August 29th. On August 30th, Mis
Staples having become somewhat
convalescent, she discharged Miss
McCarthy as nurse, telling her that
as l)r Quinn was not coming any
mote she thought she could also dis
pense with her services. The nuise
left, and Mrs Reeves thereafter
regularly attended to Mrs Staples.
During the night after tbe nurse left,
Mrs btaples became worse; nervous,
with a slight rise in temperature,
which increased as the night advanc
ed, so that about the middle of the
night defendant was required to call
up Mrs Keeves, who had retired, to
assist him. Knemas having been
administered by the defendant, Mrs
Staples became apparently stronger
and better, in which condition she
remained practically during tbe day
time ot tne 31st, and until about
7.30 in the evening. At that hour,
while defendant was in tbe yard, iitb
Reeves called him, saying his wife
was worse. When he entered the sick
room he found her very weak and in
a semiconscious condition. He sat
down boside her bed, felt her pulse,
md immediately reached up to tbe
bureau tor a whiskey glass which was
resting there, containing a colored
liquor, which he administered to her
little by little with a spoon, and then
placed tbe glass back on the bureau.
She did not rally or become con
scious, and about quarter past eight
died.
i Within a little over an hour after
her death her body was embalmed by
John Daneri, an undertaker and
embalmer of Auiador City. He was
sent for by defendant to prepare the
body for burial. Nothing was said
to him by defendant about embalming
the body, ouly to prepare it foi
burial, and this be proceeded to do,
as he says, in his own way. He open
ed the femoral artery iv tbe right leg
and injected into it in the direction
of the heart two quarts of the em
balming fluid. The body was sti
warm while tbe fluid was being in
jected, and there was no impedimen
after the fluid started, to its flow
through tbe artery; the flow was con
tinuous and unimpeded, until th
required quantity was injectec
Dauori, when he came to tbe house
bad asked the defendant if he in
tended shipping the body east, an
received a reply in tbe negative, ha(
given simply an arterial embalmeu
No puncture ot the stomach or an
ot tbe organs of the body was made,
nor was there directly injected there
in any embalming fluid, a process
which tbe embalmer gaid he would
have employed had the defendant
intended to send tbe body away.
Tbe embalming fluid used consisted
of zinc, bichloride of mercury, alum
water, arsenic, formaldehyde and
salt. The body of deceased was
buried in one of the cemeteries in
Amador county. The defendant re
mained in Amador City for a month
subsequent to tbe death of bis wife,
disposed of his property in that
place, and in the latter part of
September left for San Francisco,
where he opened an office in the d:ilt
house in that city.
Immediately prior to the time when
defendant's wife was taken ill he had
built a home iv Amador City which
they occupied at the time of her
death. Near them resided a family
named lloxie, consisting of husband
and wife and young daughter. On
September Xiltb Mrs Ifuxie deserted
her husband and child, aud subse
quently went to live at the Gait house
with the defendant, as his mistress.
This couduct ou the part of the de
fendant doubtless awoke the indigna
tion of the resideuts of Amador Uity
against him, and generated a sus
picion as to the cause ot his wife's
death. At least investigation was
put ou foot to determine it, and on
the 18th of October, 1905, the body of
Mrs Staples was exhumed and an
autopsy held. The exhumation was
made by Dtaneii, the undertaker who
had embalmed and buried the body,
and it was found in an excellent state
of preservation. The autopsy was
held about the center of the cemetery,
a hedge surrounding the place [re
cludiug any observation from the
outside, and was made by Drs Gall
and Endicott, physicians of Amador
county. As to that examination, the
testimony of I)r Uall .was quite
general. It was to the effect that be
examined all the vital organs of the
body except the inteiior of the
stomach, aud could Uud no apparent
cause of death; that he examined
internally about two feet of the
intestines iv the vicinity of the
iliocaecal valve, and found no in
dications of any disease from such
examination. Dr Endicott testified
with more particularity. He states
that they examined the brains, heart,
kidneys, liver, intestines and all the
vital organs of the body; used the
knife and made their examination
with the uaked eye; examined the
intestines externally throughout their
full course, and internally for about
two teet above and below the iliocaecal
valve; that neither of them made any
chemical tests or microscopio examin
ations, nor did they take any cul
ture?. They removed the stomach, ,
sealed it, aud sent it to I'rice A; Son,
chemists iv San Francisco, for ex
amination and report. Thomas Price,
of ttw.t firm, an analytical chemist
and taxicolngist of large experience
iv his profession, made tests to dis
cover the presence in the stomach of
veratrum viride, strychnine or
arsenic. 'Ine stomach when opened
by him for that purpose was entirely
empty, contaiujng no fluid— simply
a moisture and do solids. He first
tested for veratrum viride and then
strychnine, but found neither of
these two compounds. He then tested
for arsenic, aud the test disclosed the
presence of 1.26 of a grain.
Bo much for the general faots in
the case.
The theory of the prosecution is
that the death of Mrs Staples was
occasioned by the administration to
her by defendant of veratrum viride
or arsenic or both.
Pvidence aa to these matters
nay be said, almost entirely
Hiitiul, and consisted of the
y of experts called upon both
ffbose opinions as to the
essential facts in the case were at
radical variance.
At -the outset it may be said that
there is no room for doubt but that
the illness with which Mrs Staples
was prostrated on the 14tu of August
was typhoid tever. This is abundant
ly shown from the evidence, not only
of the defendant but ot disinterested
witnesses who were actually in attend
ance ou her, and whose testimony and
opinions in that respect are not
questioned. It was established by
the testimony ot the trained nurse,
by Dr Quinn, who was attending
physician from the time of her illness
until two days before her death, and
by the testimony of Ur Gall, one of
the autopsy physicians who had been
called into consultation with de
fendant when his wife first took ill,
and diagDosed her oase as one of
typhoid fever. It was further con
firmed by the testimony of experts on
the trial, who declared that some of
the symptoms specified were marked
evidence that the disease was typhoid
fever. However, we do not under
stand this to be contested by the
prosecution, its position being that,
though the disease with which Mrs
Staples was prostrated was typhoid
tever, yet tuat disease was not the
cause of her death; that her death
was caused bj the poisons specified,
administered by defendant while she
was suffering from that disease.
Mow as to the evidence that the
death of Mrs Staples was occasioned
by either of these poisons, and first,
as to the claim that it occurred from
vetatrum viride. Half an ounce of
that drug contains, as testified to by
the druggists who sold it, about 580
drops, and would not fill an ordinary
whiskey glass quite half lull. The
druggist who sold it testified that
vetatrum viride is of a reddish brown
color and translucent. The official
dose ot the drug Is fioni two to five
drops, and the evidence shows that
anything over that might be fatal,
and in some cases it might take thirty
drops to cause death. The only evid
ence in the case upon which the
theory of the prosecution can be
based with reference to the adminis
tration of veratrum viride is that ou
the afternoon of the day upon which
Mis Staples died the defendant pur
chased it, and when she became semi
conscious before her death he admin
istered to her from a glass a liquid
which had the appearance of veratrum
viride. There is nothing else in the
evidence to indicate poisoning from
this drug. Neither the autopsy nor
the chemical analysis of Dr Price
revealed its presence at all in the
body of deceased, nor was there any
evidence of any clinical or patho
logical symptoms or conditions indi
cating, that death had been occasioned
from it. On the contrary, as to those
symptoms and conditions, the direct
evidence, if it does not show that she
riid not die from the effects of verat
rum viride, at least very strongly in- 1
dicates that she did not, and the pre
pondeiance of the expert evidence
tends to confirm this conclusion. The
purchase by defendant of veratrum
viride was not, itself, an incriminat
ing circumstance. As to that purchase
the defendant tesified that " about
four o'clock in the afternoon (August
31st) 1 felt of her pulse and examined
her thoroughly. This rapid pulse
gave me a suggestion of the disease of
uraemia, which 1 have known to fol
low cases of typhoid fever, and led me
to examine Mrs Staples, urine; 1
found the urine contained albumen,
and this strengthened the theory that
uraemia might set in as a complica
tion. In uraemia with convulsions I
always use veratrum viride, tincture
of veratium viride, and in order
to be prepared foi this compli
cation, if it arose, 1 went to the drug
store about five or a little after, and
purchased one-half ounce of veratrum
viride,." lie purchased., it at the drug
store where be was accustomed to
deal, and the druggist tesiUed, as did
the defendant, that when the defend
ant entered the drug store and asked
tor the tincture ot veratrum viride,
the former inquired of him how Mrs
Staples was; the defendant said she
was worse, and that he wanted the
tincture of veratiuuu viride for her.
The druggist asked if he should label
it, and defendant answeied, "Yes,
you had better, because 1 might want
it tor some of my other patients."
These ate conditions aud circumstan
ces under which the purchase was
made; openly, and with the declared
object for which it was purchased.
The undisputed medical testimony in
the case shows that while poisonous
when administered in excessive doses,
tincture of veratrum viride is a well
recognized official drug, administered
principally iv cases of uraemic con
vulsions which sometimes arise in
cases ot typhoid fever. So that as far
as the purchase of the drug is con
cerueil, under the circumstances de
tailed, to meet possible complications
in Mis Staples' case, it not only ap
pears that the drug was a proper rem
edy, openly purchased for the purpose
the defendant claimed and desired,
it, but as a physician, tearing the
complications he iudicated, it was his
professional duty to get it and give it
should they arise. Defendant testified
the complications he feaifld did not
arise and that he did not administer
any of the drug to bis wife.
It is insisted, however, that the
liquid was administeied when Mrs
Staples was in a semi-conscious oondi
tiou. Tnis is the time wben it is
claimed by the prosecution that it was
given — at about 7.30 p. in., aud that
the liquid administered at that time
was veratrum viride. lint that the
liquid administered then was this
tincture is, under the evidence, pure
ly conjectural. The defendant testi
fied that the liquid he gave bis wite
was whiskey and water. Mrs Keeves,
who whs present wbou he was giving
it, testified that the liquid was in a
small whiskey glass, and bad too ap
pearance of whiskey and water. It was
given without any secrecy, in the
presence of the housekeeper, and it
is not contended that whiskey or water
in her then condition was not a proper
stimulant to gire her.
Now as to the clinical symptoms and
pathological conditions.
Dr. Morgan, a physician and chemist
and toxicologist ot many years' ex
perience, called on behalf ot tho de
fense, testified: "Veratrum viride,
wheD taken iv poisonous dosea, acts
upon the system, first, the same as
mustard and water, it being a power
ful irritant. It irritates the lining
membrane of the stomach, and causes
vomiting. After that, if it is absorbed
into the system, the patient huoom.es
depressed, becomes weak, and is cov
ered with a cold perspiration. In case
that, death follows veratrum viride
poisoning, it is not until quite a time
after the administration of the diug
I'he shortest time in which death
has occurred following veratrum vir
ide poisoning being thirteen hours,
and it has been prolonged until death
has occurred 21 hours after having
taken the dose. . . . The Hrst symp
toms of veratrum viride taken in poi
sonous doses ia the irritation of the
stomach and vomiting." Dr. Ecdi
cott for the prosecution testified that,
"the symptoms of veratrum viride,
when given in poisonous doses, is a
partial collapse, then slight pulse,
usually covered with a cold perspira
tion, and, as a usual thing, suffering
trom nausea. Vomiting does not
frequently accompany it, but it taken
internally vomiting would accompany
it in a large majority of cases, but Dot
immediately; sometimes produces
intense burning in the stomach."
This is a fair embodiment of all the
testimony in the case as to thn effect
of veratrum viride upon the stomach
when administered in poisonous doses,
from it, It appears that veratrum
viride is a slow poison, and that death
would not result from it within at
least thirteen hours, after it was
given. This is the only evidence in
the oase as to the time within which
death would earliest ensue. Defen
dant obtained the drug about five p.
m. Assuming that he administered
it, or commenced doing so, imme
diately after obtaining it (which is
not claimed (still, as Mrs. Staples
died at 8:15 p. m. it would appear
from the only expert evidence on the
subject that a sufficient time (three
hours and a quarter) had not elapsed
tor the poison to have occasioned hei
death. Kespondent insists that, owing
to the weakened, debilitated condition
ot Mrs. Staples, the administration
ot a poisouous dose of veratrum
viride, administered at the time it
is claimed it was, (7.30 p. m. ) would
cause death in a much shorter time
than if administered to one in good
health. This may or may not be true.
Whether voratrum viride in poisonous
dose would operate more speedly on
Mrs Staples, on account of her de
bilitated condition, so as to cause her
death, and withiu what time ii would
so operate, were pertinent and essen
tial matters of proot in tbe case, and
neither jury, counsel, nor this court,
can indulge in a speculation on tbe
subjeot contrary to the only evidence
in tbe case upon that point, but aside
from this, there was an absence of
the symptoms which accompany poi
soning from veratrum viritfe. There
was no vomiting. This is testified. to
by the defendant, liut laying bis tes
timony aside, it is also testified by
Mrs Keeves, the housekeeper, who was
present from the time the liquid,
which is claimed by tho prosecution
to have been veratrum viride was ad
miDinisteied, uutil Mrs Staples died.
Whatever may be said of the testi
mony of the defendant, tbe integrity
of Mrs Heeves as a witness, and tbe
accuracy of her observations in the
sick room, are not questioned. She
testifies that during that period there
was uo vomiting, and tbe evidence
clearly shows that at no period during
Mrs Staples' sickness was there any.
To meet this testimony, it is again in
sisted by respondent that the slight
vitality 0? Mrs Staples prevented the
exhibition of these symptoms. Hut it
nowhere appears from tbe evidence
that tbis debilitated condition would
prevent this characteristic symptom
of tbe poisoning from appearing. No
witness testifies that it would, but, on
the coutary, all testified that it is a
symptom which will appear. The no
sition of oounsel seems to be tbat
while the deatb of Mrs Staples-was oc
casioned by tbe administration ot tbe
poison, yet, before the ' symptoms
showed that sbe was so poisoned she
died. Whatever merit there may be in
this position, uothing in tbe evidence
in tbe case furnishes auy basis for it
being taken. If sbe waa poisoned by
veratrum viride, the expert evidence
shows tbat tbis symptom of it would
have manifested itself; as it did not,
it is evidence strongly tending to
show tbat she was uot so poisoned.
We now come to the autopsy, and
consider its bearing first, ou the mat
ter ot poisoning by veratrum viride.
Tbe exhumation of tbe body was 48
days after deatb. As to the autopsy
itself, the testimony of the two autop
sy physicians 19 that they found no
patbologioal or diseased condition
sufficient in their opinion to account
for the death of Mrs Staples; there
was no apparent cause of death which
they could ascertain, which of course
must be taken to include tbat they
did not find any evidence of poisoning
by veratrum viride or any other poi
son. Mr Price, the chemist making
the autopsy, testified that as far as
veratrum viride was concerned, he
found no evidence of its presence in
the analysis of the stomach which he
made. This evidence, if the presence
of veratrum viride would have been
discovered by an autopsy or by chem
ical test after deatb, would be almost
persuasive proof that veratrum viride
had not been administered to tbe de
ceased. To meet tbis, however, tbe
prosecution introduced the evidence
of the autopsy physicians, testifying
as sucb, and uot as chemists or toxi
cologists, to tbe effect that veratrum
viride being a vegetable drug, if ad
ministered, all traces of it would dis
appear between two and three weeks
after deatb. To be specific, Dr En
dicott was asked: "Q. How long after
it (veratrum viride; would be admin
istered could it be found? A. It could
not be found any great length of time
after death iv my opinion, because it
is a vegetable compound; it would
decompose. Q. How long would it take
tbis particular drug to decompose, be
ing a vegetable matter, after being ad
ministered? A. I could nut state a
definite period of time.
Q. Well, can you give about the
time? A. 'Well, 1 should say in two
weeks anyway that there would not be
a trace found." On the abject Dr.
Gall testified : "Q. How long would
it take, being a vegetable drug— how
long would it take to decompose? A.
1 don't know; it is a difficult question
to answer; it would depend a good
deal.
Q. Just about? A. On about two or
three weeks 1 should think." And on
cross-exaniiuation he stated, "1 never
saw any ouo die from it (veratrum
viride ) 1 never saw auy sample tbat
would demonstrate to me tbat it
would decompose or disappear iv two
or tbre3 necks; only say from my own
general knowledge, because when de
composition sets in generally those
vegetable properties decompose. Well,
you would allow two or three weeks
for decomposition to start, that is all;
there was a certain amount of decom
position in this body. But for a body
gives rosy cheeks and active health to pale, sickly children**
And it is good for their eiders, too.
Ask your druggist for it.
tbat had been buried aeven weeks it
was remarkably well preserved; no
evidence of decomposition in the
heart."
Now it will be observed from this
testimony that the evidence of the
physiciaus as to inability to detect
tbe presence of veratrum viride poi
soning in a body proceeds upon the
the tneory that veratrum viride" iv
their opinion is a vegetable drug aud
disappears with the decomposition of
the body; otherwise^ could be da
teoted. But there was no evidence
that the body was decomposed at the
time of the autopsy, or that decompo
sition had set in. Dr. Gall's own evi
dence largely negatives that proposi
tion, and the teatimouy of Daneri, the
embalmer, is tbat when ha exhumed
:he body for tbe autopsy it was just
as natural as tbe day he put it down
and buried it; almost petrified: that
to touch it was like puttiug your
finger on a piece of iron. If then the
only reasou why veratrum viride, it
administered, could not be discovered
in a dead body would be because de
composition bad set in, as it had uot
set in in the body ot deceased, there
was no reason why a proper examina
iton or analysis to discover it would
not have revealed its presence.
The evidence of tbe autopsy phy
siciann is tbe only evidence in tbe
case that veratrum viride disappears
within a few weeks. In fact this tes
timony and that of the two following
witnesses is the only evidence on the
point.
Professor Price, the chemist and
toxicologist^.teatifying as to his an
alysis ot the stomach, wa3 asked
whether veratrum vitride adminis
tered fifty days prior to an autopsy
could be discovered in th6u making
an analysis of tbe stomach, to which
he responded,. "1 have no personal
experience myself to enable me to say
that bow long tbis veratrum viride
will remain in tbe stomach after
death, and from all my investigation
among tbe authorities they are silent
on that subject." He also designated
veratrum viride as au alkaloid. Dr.
Morgan, a physician aud also a chem
ist and toxocologist of experience,
testified that, "there is no evidence
upon which we can base a positive
opinion as to how long veratrum vir
ide taken into the stomach would re
main before decomposition wo^ld set
iv, it is an alkaloid; morphine will
remain in the human body one or two
years alter death, and strychnine will
remain in tbe human body as long as
ten years. Morphine, strychnine aud
veratrum viride are all alkaloids, aud
we could reasonably expect to find
them in toe body for a period of a
year or two, any one of the three."'
Before proceeding to a further con
sideration of the case, it is proper at
tbis point to sny that when the defen
dant was on the stand he did not
state, nor did his couusel make in
quiry of him as to what had become
of the veratrum viride which he pur
chased. This doubtless was an over
sight on the part of defendant's coun
sel, and at best, only shows that he
did not account tor it. His faiiure,
however, to testify on direct examina
tion on this gubjeot did not preclude
the prosecution from making inquiry
in tbat direction, if it so desired;
hence it was a possible oversight on
the part of the defense and prosecu
tion that the subject was not gone
into.
We do not think that any fuither
discussion of the evidence upou tbis
branch of the case is necessary, and
without commenting upon it further
than we have, we now pass to a cou
sideration of the evidence bearing
upon the claim of tbe prosecution that
the deceased came to her death from
arseuical poisoning.
Tuis branch of the case, in our judg
ment, requires less discussion than we
have devoted to the claim ot poison
ing by veratrum viride. There is no
evidence that defendant had procured
or had in his possession any arsenic
As a physician he may have had it,
but there is no proof that he did.
Neither at any time during her illness
did Mrs Staples exhibit any symptoms
of arsenical poisoniug. As to those
symptoms there is no dispute. Dr
Morgan testified: 'The first symptoms
of arsenical pcisouiug is a burning
sensation in the throat aud stomach
and an intense desire for water; then
follows vomiting, which is so severe
that it canuot be controlled, the pa
tient constantly desiring water, and as
ofen as it is given constantly vomit
iug it. After that we usually find a
diarrhoea and the vomitiug becomes
streaked with blood, tbe diarrhoea is
of a peculiar character knowu as the
rice water stools,aud contains patches
of mucous membrane from tbe intes
tines. The patients, if they die, usu
ally die in from. six hours to two
days. "
Dr Tiffany said, "Arsenic irritates,
tbe lining membrane of the stomach
and intestines, and it creates more or
less vomiting and purging, running off
condition ot the bowels. Vomiting
takes place wheu it is used beyond
physiological action to a poisonous
extent, as soon as there was enough
irritation ot tbe stomach. Tho admin
istration or receipt of arsenic in poi
sonous doses in the stomach would
cause irritation within a few hours
ln tho case of taking by the mouth of
arsenical poisoning, the irritatiou
would leave on the internal organs a
congested condition, an ariduess, an
inflamed condition if one
poisonous dose was administered at a
time it would produce vomiting."
The sickness of the deceased covered
a period of over two weeks, and there
is no evidence whatever that at any
time the symptoms attending arseui
cal poisouing exhibited themselves.
There was no vomitiug or purging.
Neither did the autopsy or the chemi
cal analysis of the stomach show any
irritated condition ot either the stom
ach or of any other internal orgau of
the body. Arseuic, it is true, was
found in the stomach. But the evi
dence shows that its presence there
could have resulted through the pro
cess ot embalming, and, as far as the
evidence on this point is concerned,
it is quite apparent that it did.
There is only one witness— DrM orgau
—who testifies upon this subject. Pro
fessor Price, who made the analysis,
nowhere aays(and there is no pretense
that any other witness testified on the
subject) that it could uot have gotten
into the stomach as the result of em
balming. The most that can be
claimed for his testimony (which is
the deduction that the prosecution ar
rives at from it; but not what tbe
Professor said) is that as tbe chemist
did uot find chloride of zinc, bi
chloride of mercury, formaldehyde or
alum, but ouly arseuic, iv his aualy
si?, that therefore the arsenic could
not have gotten into the stomach
from the embalming fluid; tbat if it
dil, the other ingredients of the fluid
Five Cents Per Copy.
: would also be found there. The pro
> fessor did testify that he found no
i chloride ot zinc or bichloride of mer
cury, but did not say why he did not
i find them. He testified also that be
i found no trace of formaldibyde or of
i alum, but the reason for this, as he
saya, is because be did nut look for
them. As to the presence of arsenic
iv the stomach.be did not testify that
it could not have gotten into tbo
stomach from the embalming fluid.
His ouly testimony on that point was
that he found there the quantity of
arseuic stated.
Dr Morgan, an equally reputable
chemist, stated his belief tint the ar
senic in tho stomach came from the
embalming fluid, and in addition
said: "My experience has taught me
to believe that it is impossible for an
organ iv the human body to be within
a few inches of embalming fluid for
the period of forty-eight days without
absorbing somo of the arsenic The
embalming fluid injected into the
right femoral artery would travel up
the femoral artery a few inches and
reach the aorta, which is the largest
artery in tbe body, and beiug mixed
with blood would pass ou up to the
heart. Now the stomach lies right
over the aorta, not being separated
from the interior of the aorta by more
thau an inch, and it would only-have
to travel that small distance of tissue
in order to reach the stomach." He
further testified, giving bis reasons
therefor, which space prevents 'quot
ing, that it was possible for arsenic
to pass fr«m the embalming fluid to
the stomach without the chloride of
zinc or bichloride of tuertury showing
itself there; that arseuic when in
jected into a dead body will com
mence diffusing itself through the
tissue at ouce, while the other salts
will not immediately commence to
do ao, nor will they "until such Mmeß
as the bjdy turns to liquid," when
they will all travel. In addition to
this, he made an experiment with the
embalmiug fluid of Mr Daneri upon
the stomach of a deceased person,
which actual experiment conflrnied
the opinion he entertained and ex
pressed. Tho opinion of Dr. Morgan
with respect to these matters was not
disputed by any medical or other
opinion given in the case. So much
for the evidence relating to arsenical
poisouing.
llnI In addition to these particular facts
r relative to the claim of the prosecu
ttion that : the death of deceased was
o occasioned by poisoning there : was •
o other evidence, to be referred to
g generally. - . '
K Keputable expert physoian3 testified
t that the autopsy made by the autopsy
p physicians was incorupete.and was not
s sufficient to determine : whether the
d deceased had died from typhoid fever
o or not, while the same physicians tes- •
t tilled thpt frcm the symptoms attend-
i ing the sickness nf deceased, they
w were satisfied that she died of typhoid
f fever. ■ It was further shown by the
e evidence of disinterested parties that
d defendant and his wife had lived hap-
p pily "together, and that during her
i illness he treated her kindly, and
s seemed to do everything that he could
t to help her and alleviate her surfer- -
i ings. \ ;• "" -
T This is as tar as we deem it necessary
t to state the evidence in the case. We
d do not concern ourselves with many :
s suggestions, more of an argumentative
c character than " otherwise, ( but even
a as such quite cogent) made by counsel
f for appellant, which he claims are in-
c consistent and , incompatible with the '
t theory of the prosecution that the
I death of deceased was occasioned
| through poisoning. .We content our-
s selves with tbe evidence as we have
, stated it, which in our judgment, did
n not warrant the verdict of the jury.
, It will be perceived that the evi
ddence* in the case relied on to estab
llish the guilt of the defendant is
p practically circumstantial, and it is '
e elementary law that whe;e the evi
ddence is of such a character it must
bbcb be not only consistent with the hypo
tthesis of guilt, bat inconsistent with -.
a any other .rational conclusion. . The
d deduction to be drawn from these cir-
c cumstances is, ordinarily, one for the
j jury, but where, in a case such as this .
e ever; circumstance relied on as in-
c criminating, is equally compatible
w with innocence, there is a failure of ■
p proof necessary to sustain a convic
ttion, and the question presented is
o one of law for the court, 'Hie prose-
c cution has the burden of proof. The .
d defendant is presumed innocent until
t the proof satisfies the jury beyond a
r reasonable doubt of bis guilt The
r right of a jury to return a verdict of •
g guilt is not an arbitrary right. The
s sufficiency of their, verdict must be
t tested by determining whether the
e evidence upon which that verdict is
f framed was of such a character ■ that
t they could say from it that in their -
j judgment no reasonable doubt of the
d defendant's guilt existed. ■ Now con- '
s sidering the evidence in the case at
b bar under these elementary rules of
l law, there was no proof in the case
t that the wife of defendant died from
a arsenical poisoning; in fact, the evi
ddence is not only consistent with the
c claim of defendant that she did not,
b but it may be said that the prepon- ,* /?
d derance of evidence in the case is to
t the effect that she did not. As to
p poisoning by veratrum viride. Aside
f from the opinion of the experts that
M Mrs Staples died of typhoid fever, -
f from which she was concededly suffer-
i iug,the clinical and pathological con
dditions tend to show that she did not
d die from the administration of that
p poisonous drug. The only evidence
a at all as to veratrnm viride is that the
d defendant got it, and that be admin-
i istered to her a liquid which looked
l like it. The most that can be said of
t this particular evidence is that it
m might have been sufficient to have
r raised a suspicion in the mind of the
j jury that be did administer it. Cci-
t tainly 11 was not effective for any
o other purpose. This, however, could
o only be a suspicion, and no jury baa
a a right to declare forfeited the life of
a a "defendant upon mere suspicion.
E Especially is this true when the facts
u upon which the suspicion might have
b been generated are entirely consistent
w with innocence, and could exist with-
o out the defendant being guilty of the
h heinous offense of which he was ac-
c cused. No man can be convicted of •
m murder upon evidences which, at best,
l leaves the question of criminal agen-
c cy in causing death, if not reasonably
d doubtful, at least merely conjectural.
W We are not unmindful ot the claim
o of the prosecution that there existed
a a motive for the death of Mrs Staples;
a a desire on the part of defendant to
g get rid of her so that he might enjoy
t the society of Mrs lloxie. Assuming
( (which the evidence does not clearly
s show) that a meretricious relationship
b between them existed before Mrs Sta-
p ples' death (the evidence is clear
Cooluded on page 4, column 5.T THE AMADOR LEDGER :
P Published Fridays by ;.'.■'•;
R . WEBB - - - -• Editor and Manager
S SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
O One year (in advance I- 50
O One year (if not in advance) 3 00
S Six months : 1 25
T Three months 75
O One of more copies, each 5
t t.egal advertising— per sqr.-lst insertion. $1 00
S Subsequent Insertions — per square-each. . 50
■ ENTERED AT THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS
. SECOSD-CLASS MATTER ■.'■: ■'• ■
T TUTC D A DCD is kept on llle at E. C.
1 nl> rArCK DAKE'S Advertising
•Ageucy, 124 Sansome St ,San Francisco, Cali-
f fornia, where contracts for advertising can be
m made for it
C CITY OFFICIAL PAPER.
O Official Paper of Amador co.
F FRIDAY JULY 20, 1906
We want a local correspondent in
every town iv the county. To any
one who will regularly ser^d us the
happenings in his or her loca'-ity, we
will not only soud the .Ledger, but a
daily San Francisco paper, aud otfier
reading matter, as well as supply the
correspondent with all necessary
stationery aud stamps for corre
spondence. We must have a live
correspondent at every point, even if
we have to pay cash for such service.
Now who will volunteer for this
work.
The Staples' Decision.
The fuil text of decision of the
supreme court in the Staples' murder
case will be found elsewhere in these
columns. It was received with much
satisfaction by a large majority of
the people of this community. What
ever privute opinion may hay« been
entertained ot the guilt of tbe ac
cused, it was generally conceded that
the tacts sworn to at the trial of Che
cause did not iustify tbe verdict
rendered. Many were outspoken in
so declaring at the time. And the
Ledger in an article published
immediately atter the trial, con
tended that regardless of expenses,
the matter ought to be passed up to
the highest tribunal for review; that
the good name ot this community
demanded such action, as well as the
rights of the defendant. Very few
believed that the higher court would
sanction the taking ot human life by
judicial proceeding on tbe showing
made. And it is well to point out
that the supreme court has traveled
somewhat out of tbe beaten path in
basing its reversal. The defendant's
release from tbe death sentence is not
based on flimsy technicalties. That
tribunal usually passes upon ques
tions of law purely. The jury is
supposed to be the judge of the facts,
and the weight to be given ' to the
evidence. The rule' is that the court
in the course of the trial passes upon
the legality ot tbe testimony as it is
presented, and objected to by the
defense. Uut after the evidence has
been admitted, the jury becomes the
judge of its sufficiency. In the
Staples' case, however, the appellate
court has brushed this doctine aside,
and boldly sets aside tbe judgment on
tbe ground that the testimuny was
wholly inadequate to sustain the
verdict. The case is discussed at
length on its merits, and the con
clusion reached that the basic fact of
murder was not established; that the
proof tended to show that tbe de
ceased Mrs Edna May Staples, died
from natural causes— typhoid fever—
aud not from criminal methods at
the bands of her husband, P. N.
Staples, the defendant.
Of course, the decision of tho court
in this shape, is conclusive of the
whole matter, unless the prosecution
has more direct testimony to present
at another trial. It would be utterly
futile, and a needless expense to go
to trial again without additional and
stronger evidence. As far as known,
there is no further material test imony
to be had. .
It is probable, as soon as the re
mittur—tbe official uotice from tbe
appellate court to the trial court— is
received, which is expected in a few
days, that the district attorney will,
in face of this deoision, move a dis
missal of the case. Dr. Staples has
been in jail since January, 1905, over
18 months.
The California historical depart
ment of the atate library requests
that all pioneers who arrived in
California prior to January Ist 1860,
send tbeir names and addresses to tbe
state library, Sacramento. Also
members of families of deceased
pioneers are requested to communi
cate with the library. Professional
or amateur photographers will confer
a great favor by sending pictures of
historic landmarks and points of
intereat in tbeir vicinity for pre
servation.
Caution to Water Consumers.
To stop the wastage of water during
the night, all consumers are hereby
prohibited from using water for
sprinkling or irrigating after 9 o'clock
p. m. Persons found allowing water
to run after that hour will be liable
to have the supply cut off for all
purposes. And a charge will be made
in order to have the domestic supply
turned on again. 1 am compelled to
adopt this rule, because the wastage
lately has been so great, that It has
been irapossbile to keep the tank full
at night for protection against fire.
Mrs C. Kichtmyer, Proprietress.
Jackson, July 13, 190C— 3t.
The board of city trustees last
evening passed a new license ordin
ance, thoroughly overhauling tl;e
ordinance now in force. It will
appear in these columns next week,
and t|kes effect in August.
OASTORIA.
Bears the ATticA Ttie Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature /I? _, *// & *?_ t ?
of L*LaS7]ff'CUZJ'j!M
My Hair is
Extra Long
Feed your hair; nourish it;
give it something to live on.
Then it will stop falling, and
will grow long and heavy.
Ayer's Hair Vigor is the only
genuine hair -food you can
buy. It gives new life to the
hair-bulbs. You save what
hair you have, and get more,
too. And it keeps the scalp
clean and healthy.
The best kind of a testimonial—
"Sold for over sixty . years." ■
M MadebyJ. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass.
J9 Also manufacture™ of .
/I f SARSAPARILLA.
A. jLLj<*s & CHERRY PECTORAL.
A. *£»£/ *^» O CHERRY PECTORAL.
Table of Contents.
Table of contents for our next
week's Magazine section.
"Renaming tbe Sioux Indians."
Twenty-five thousand American Ked
Men are receiving modern names.
"Sow Christian science church."
LSoston dedicates a two million dollar
temple.
"Delicate earthquake recorders."
"Tne black seal purse." A little
story of tbe Gamins of a great city.
"The White Company." Alleyne
finds bis fate in Sir Nigel's lovely
daughter.
"Home town improvement." Suc
cessful schooling along rural lines-
Opportunity; it comes not once but
many times.
"Agricultural page." Plan for a
modern dairy barn Profitable tomato
growing for tbe cannery, etc.
A Forest of Giants.
It is almost impossible for one who
has seen only the eastern or Rocky
mountain forests to imagine the
woods of the Pacific coast. Pictures
of tbe big trees are as common as
postage stamps, but tbe most wonder
ful thing about tbe big tree's, says the
American Magazine, is that they are
scarcely bigger than the rest of tbe
forest. The Pacifice coast bears only
a tenth of our woodland, but nearly
b&lf our timber. An average acre in
the Kocky mountain forest yields
1000 to 2000 board feet of lumber, in
tbe southern forest 3000 to 4000, in
the northern torest 4000 to 6000. An
average acre on tbe Pacific coast
yields 15,000 to 20,000. Telescope the
southern and Kocky mountain forests,
toss the northern on top of them and
stuff tbe central into cbinks, and,
acre for acre, the Pacific forest wUJ
out-weigh them all.
To Investigate Earthquakes.
Secretary Metcalf of the department
ot commerce and labor has ordered
tbe coast survey to make an investi
gation to ascertain whether there has
been any horizontal displacement ot
the earth's ciust on tbe Pacific coast
as a result of tbe earthquake of April
18 last. This will be necessary in
order to rectify existing charts aud
maps. In India, after the earthquake
of 1897, revision of tbe tiiangulation
showed difference in distance of 25
feet and of 13 feet in height.
Prof. Omori of Japan, who is in
vestigating the effects of tbe earth
quake in San Franoisco, says that, if
accurate observations had been taken
of the smaller sbocfcs, it would be
easy to predict wben the earth would
agaiu tremble. He predicts that
small shocks will continue to occur
for two years or more, but that there
will not be another great shock in
that part ot tbe country for fifty
years.
Following Still.
Dr. Staples, in addition to drawing
sketches, and passing a good deal ot
his time in singing, also branches
out into poetry occasionally. The
following lines were received from
him this week, accompained by a
letter, the publication of which
would be out of place at this time.
We shall therefore withhold it until
the case is finally disposed ot:
Uod works in a mysterious way,
His wonders to fulfill,
but his demands we must obey.
And follow, tollow still.
It is not given us, below,
To see the plan on high.
Not now is it for us to know,
Nor yet to question why?
We must follow where he leads us,
Thorny though the path may be.
Trusting in the blessed Jesus,
Who has suffered like as we.
Though the way be dark and dreary,
And we cannot understand,
Though our hearts are faint and weary,
We will follow his right hand.
We will let that right hand guide us,
Even though it be— to die,
Trusting that he will provide us,
With his own strength from on high.
And when we reach the other shore,
In tbe way that he has planned,
The mysteries will be no more,
And then — we'll understand.
So we'll follow through the darkness,
Koilow, follow through tho night.
Follow to eternal brightness,
Follow to eternal light.
We will follow, follow, follow,
As he gently leads the way.
We will follow, follow, follow,
To the realms of endless day.
Written at Jackson, Calif., Sunday
July 1, 1906, by V. N. Staples, M. D.
Kennedy's Laxative Honey and Tar
is the original laxative cough syrup
and combines the qualities neoesary
I o relieve the cough and purge the
system ot cold. Contains no opiates.
Sold by V. W. Kutasor.
Shirt waists must go, and if cut
prices will sell them, we will cell all
we have left; see prices. Jackson
Shoe StoreT
THE AMADOU LEDGER: JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, JULY 20, 1906.
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weekly for the Ledger.
A Mystery of the Plant World.— A
Novel Experiment.— Aut Cities and
Their Garden Produce. — Progress in
Diving.— The New Agriculture.—
Chemical Affinity Universal—Train
iDg Overdone. —The Atom's Make
up.—A Knyal Vine.
The appearance ot strange plants
often follows sudden change in the
surface of the soil, and many botanists
and others havo been disposed to
attribute this to deeds, bulbs or
spores of a former vegetation that
have remained in the ground awaiting
favorable conditions for growth. Re
cent studies in Fiance are thought to
confirm this view. Some years ago
large quantities of a plant of south
ern Europe calied wolfs milk 01
cypress-spurge (Euphorbia lathyris,
L. ) were discovered in a remote two
year old clearing in a largo forest of
the canton of Petite Malpierre, but
two years later these bad disappeaied,
while a thick growth was seen in a
neighboring two-year-old clearing,
with a few specimens only in a clear
ing a little more than three years old.
M. Fliohe is oonvinced that the plants
have been crowded out by the growth
of the forest trees. He finds that
large Uallo-Koman iron worka former
ly existed at this spot, and, us the
Homans made medical use of the
Euphorbia latbyris, he concludes
that persons living at the works first
introduced the plants, and that on
the invasion of the region by forest
the seeds lay dormant until the land
was again cleared.
A curious friction effect lately
described to the Paris Academy of
Sciences is produced by rapidly
spinning a glass globe tilled with
water containing a fine powder.
When the powder is lighter than
water, it collects along the axis of
rotation; when heavier, the sphere
separates into three zones, with two
parallels ot latitude equidistant from
the equator, the upper and lower
segments being clear while the pow
der is in the central zone aud mostly
on the boundary lines.
The hillocks of white ants in Cey
lon contain chambers about as large
as cocoanuts, which enclose sponge
like nests, each occupied by thou
sands of ants. The "termite truffles"
described by Dr. Dolleiu of Munich
are pin-head nodules of white fungus
cultivated in these nests as food.
With his new diving suit, M. de
Pluvy, the French hydraulic engineer,
has made considerably more than 100
descents reaching depths of 150 to 300
feet -much below the limits of ordin
ary diving. No air is received from
the outside. i'be dress consists ot
an armor of sheet metal from one-lift li
to one-third of an inoh thick, with
joints and coupling points of pressed
leather and rubber, and a helmet
with two cylindrical regenerating
chambers attached. The air, circulat
ing through the helmet, has its
oxygen continually renewed by
chemicals in these chambers, regulat
ing vafves keeping the pressure in the
helmet constant at all depths. Mount
ing and descending are effected by
a cable carried on a drum driven by
an electric motor, and this cable also
carries the current needed tor the
respiratory apparatus. The diver
communicates with the surface by
telephone, while wires ruu from the
armor to eleotric lights that show the
working of the different parts of this
complicated "dress."
The improvement of our plants is
one of the great world movements
now being inaugurated, in the opin
ion of Luther iiurbunk, and we may
expect the gain in the production ot
food and other necessities to keep
pace for a long time with the de
mands of increasing population. Not
only are the old plants to do better
work, but we are to bHve better
plants. Science, our authority tells
us, sees better grains, nuts, fruits
and vegetables, ail in new forms,
sizes, colors, and flavors, with more
nutrients and less waste, and with
every injurious quality eliminated,
and with power to resist sun, wind,
rain, frost, and destructive fungus
and insect pests; fruits without
stones, seeds or spines; better liber,
coffee, tea, spice, rubber, oil, paper,
and timber trees, and sugar, starch,
color and perfume plants. Every one
of these, and ten thousand more, are
within the reach of the most ordinary
skill in' plant-breeding.
In argon and helium has been seen
the anomaly of elements without
chemical affinity. Dr. T. Cooke has
shown the London Koyal Society that
even these gases follow the rule, as
at about 1300 degrees U. argon forms
an unstable compound with zinc and
helium with cadmium.
The dangers of athletics in excess
have been recognized by others be
sides Dr. Hubert X Cougblin, but he
has put the results into concrete
torm. Of 128 deaths among athletes
last year, 50 were due to disease and
78 to accident. Cerebro-spinal
meningitis was the direct cause of
death in nine cases; heart disease in
eighth; pneumonia in seven; pulmon
ary tuberculosis in seven; Urigbt's
disease in rive; appendicitis in four;
typhoid lever in four; suicide in two;
apoplexy in one; tonsiiitis in one;
splenic anemia in one; senility in
one. The accidents arose from foot
ball in 28 cases; base-ball in 12;
horse racing in 9; boxing in 6;
gymnasium feats in 3; auto driving
in two; golf, hammer throwing,
bicycle coasting, band -ball, polo and
wrestling being responsible about
equally tor the other fatalities. The
average age at death from disease was
31; from accidont, 12(5 years 1 mouth.
The conclusions are that athletes are
exceptionally liable to heart lesions,
fatal complication of pneumonia with
heart trouble, infectious disease, and
pulmonary tubeicolosis; that they
average much shorter life than other
persons; and that American football
is especially dangerous.
Tho present atom being made up of
smaller corpuscles, attempts have
been made to estimate tbe number of
the latter. Some months ago C. F,
Guye calculated that the hydrogen
atom consists of one negative and one
positive eloctron, and that the latter
is tbe smaller. Prot. J. J. Tbomscn's
latest experiments indicate that the
number of negative electrons in the
atom corresponds to the atomic
weight ot the element. This theory
would give to tbe hydrogen atom one
negative electron, to the helium atom
4 and to the lithium atom 7, but it
seems to be not wholly convincing.
The vine of British Royalty at Hamp
ton Court is one of the world's not
able plants. It is now in its 138 th
year, and so carefully is it tended
that its average yield is 800 bunches a
year, and it has produced 2200. As
both tree and fruit are beuefitted by
occasional curtailing of production,
only 500 bunches wore allowed to
ripen in 1005, tbe result having been
a supply of unusually d licious
grape?, most of the bunches weighing
more than a pound each.
A sweet breath adds to the joy ot a
kiss. You wouldn't want to kiss our
wife,mother or sweetheart with a bad
breath. You can't have a sweet breath
wtbout a healthy stomach. You can't
liavo a healthy stomach wthout per
fect digestion. There is only one
remedy that digest what you eat and
makes the breath as sweet as a rose
—and that remedy is Kodol tor dys
pepsia. It is a relief tor snnr stom
ach, palpitation of tbe heart, and
other ailments arising from disorder
of tbe stomach aud digestion. Take
a little Kodol atter your meals and
see what it wili do for you. Sold by
F. W. Rusber.
Quietly Wedded.
Last evening, at the residence ot
the bride's mother, Mrs S. White, on
Main street, John Mitchell and Mrs
Sultana J. Goss, widow of Frank
Gosß, were quietly united in marri
age. They will continue to make
tbeir home in Jackson, the groom
being employed at one ot the mines.
Last Wednesday Drs. Gall and
Endicott were called to assist Dr.
Frieman of Sutter Creek, in an
operation on an Italian named
Ferenzi, at Martell station, who was
suffering from pleurisy. Pus had
accumulated in the cavity neoessitat
iug the removal ot a rib to provide
drainage. A sjmljar operation is to
be performed by tbe Jocal doctors
named, on a man named John
Chirigini, a patient in tbe county
hospital.
THE ORIGINAL LAXATIVE COUGH SYRUP
KENNEDY'S LAXATIVE HONEY*4AR
Bed Clover Blossom and Bone; Bee on Every Bottle,
BORN.
f'KOELICH— Near Jackon, July 14,
1906, to the yite pf Carl Froelich,
a son,
DAVAU.E.-At Jackson Gate, July
16, 1906, to the wife of Bam Davalle,
a daughter,
MARRIED.
MITCHELL-UOSS-In Jackson, July
19, 1906, by A. Goldner, J. P., John
Mitchell to Mrs Sultana J. Goss,
both of Jackson.
- ~ DIED.
WHITE— In Angels^ July J5, 1906,
Sylvester Lloyd, infant son of Mr
and Mrs Thomas White, aged 7
months and 19 days,
HUNTING-Near New York Kanch,
July 15, 1906, Chester Baxter Hunt-
ing, a native of Vermont, aged 81
years.
GOKDON.— In Jackson, July 11,
1906, Mrs Elizabeth Gordon, a
native ot Canada, aged 88 years 'A
months and 15 days.
Notice of Delinquent Sale
Del Monte Mining and Milling
Company.
Location cf principal place of busi-
ness, Jacksop, Amador county, Cali-
fornia.
Location of works, Kailroad Flat
Mining District, CaJaveras county,
California.
Notice.— There are delinquent upon the fol-
lowing described stock, on account of assess-
ment levied on the 4th day of April, 1906,
the several amounts set opposite the names
of the respective shareholders, at follows :
Name. No Cert. No Shares Amt
Andrews, John W 497 135 « 75
Aydelotte, Minnie W. ..... 19 100 00
Ajdelotte, Minnie \V 212 200 10 00
Aydelotte, Minnie \V 485 30 150
Aydelotte, Minnie W 491 30 1 50
Ballard, Mrs Eliza S ISB 50 8 50
Ballard, Mrs ElizaS 379 10 0 50
Cunningham, John P. H .. 51 2000 100 no
Cunningham, John P. H .380 400 20 00
Cunningham, Helen H 52 .500 25 00
Cunningham. Helen H ... 381 109 5 00
Dornan, Ue:>F 184 100 5 00
Dornan Geo 383. .30 100
Dornan, GeoF 508 95 475
Hickernell, W. B 211 100 ' 500
Hickeraell, W. B 265 ICO 5 00
Hickernoll, W. B 418 40 2 CO
Johnson, Edward J 107 100 5 00
johnson, Edward J 433 30 ICO
Knox, J.W 139 1000 50 00
Lewis, O. F 83 40 2 00
Lewis, C. F 434 8 0 40
Lawrence, J. F. 198 128 6 40
Lawrence, J. F : 238 32 160
Lawrence, J. F 435 32 1 or
Lawrence, J. F 513 188 9 30
Langhorst, Mrs C 121 200 10 09
Langhorst. Mrs C 437 40 2 00
Newell. M. D 150 300 15 00
Newell, MD 449 60 3 00
Oursler, John S 304 500 25 00
Oursler, JohnS 450 100 5 00
Palm, Andrew J 48 500 25 00
Palm, Andrew J 261 100 5 00
Palm. Andrew J.... fc 356- 420 2100
Palm. Andrew J 533 980 49 00
Roberts, Mrs L. J 59!) 90 4 50
Rossiter.LeonP.'.,.....,.l?o 100 -3 00
Rosslter, Leon P 480 SO 1 00
Rose, Samuel 524 810 ' 10 50
sapper, Frederick VV 84 40 3 00
Sapper, Frederick W 458 8 0 40
Smith, Lewis F 284 100 5 00
Smith, Lewis F 467 10 0 50
Smith. Lewis F $.501 180 9 00
Keller, J. Madison 322 100 5 00
Keller, J. Madison 432 20 1 no
Gibson. Samuel' J._.. 98 ICO 00
Gibson, Samuel J 227 160 8 00
Gibson, Samuel J 401 52 2 60
Gibson, Minnie A 99 100 5 00
Gibson, Minnie A 402 20 1 00
Cares, Elmer P...- 281 50 2 50
Cares, EljnerP 336 100 5 00
Cares, Elmer 3&3 30 . }50
And In aocordanoe with law, so many shares
of each parcel of such stools as may be neces-
sary will be sold at public auctian at the offloo I
of the company, in the Marelia building on
Summit street, Jackson. California, on Monday
the 6th day of August, 1908, at the hour
of two (2:00) o'clock p. m., of said day,
to pay delinquent assessment thereon, together
with costs of advertising and expenses of sale
JAB. JAI WKIGHJ.', secretary.
B Office in the Marelia Hulding on
Summit street,. Jackson, Ainador
county, California. jy2o
K#% A a I FOR DYSPEPSIA
111 1 I DIGESTS WHAT YOU EAT
S? S I"" ReUev" Indigestion, Sour Stomach, Belching of Gas. Etc.
Mi VQ&r X^Urffi I tS, MIF in E# 0# DeWITT & COMPANY. CHICAGO, ILL.
M E. C. DeWITT & COMPANY. CHICAGO, ILL.
SUPERIOR COURT
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
Estate of G. Devore.— Order assign
ing the whole of estate to widow
granted.
Estate of G. Gemperle— Final ac
count settled and allowed.
Estate of T. Blatzer.— Order made
allowing final account.
Estate of Chas. Ketzlorf.— Order
made allowng final account.
Estate of C. W. Trotter.— Hearing
on confirmation of sale of real estate
continued until July 21.
Estate of J. Uundry. — Will admitt
ed to probate.
Estate of 1. N. Frisbee.- -Ueo. A.
Gordon appointed administrator;
bond Hied, letters issued.
Estate of E. L,. Kugne.— Geo. A.
Gordon appointed administrator;
bond filed, letters issued.
Hstate of J. B. Francis.— Order
made appointing Elizabeth Francis
administratrix, bond fixedin the sum
of S8000; bond filed, notice to
creditors ordered published.
Estate of C. W. Totter.— Confirma
tion of sale of real estate heretofore
made on the 23d day of June and 9th
of April, 1906, revoked and set aside,
in view of an net of legislature ex
tending time on such proceedings
uutil July 10, 1906. Purchaser, W.
F. Detert, permitted to withdraw bid,
and administrator directed' to receive
uew bids under order of s^le.
G. li. Vicini vs. Annie E. Allen.—
Defendant's demurrer overruled; ten
days granted defendant to file answer.
Guardianship of Gideon R. Devore.
—Order granted for sale of all real
and personal property ot said Gideon
K. Devore.
Estate of J. A. Butterfleld.— July
28, settor hearing ot petition for dis
charge.
Estate of Anna M. Butterfleld.—
July !JB, fixed for bearing of final
account and petition for discbarge.
Estate of Jacob Ninnis.— July 28
set or bearing of final account and
petition or discbarge.
New Oases.
Estate of C. B. Hunting.— John
Hunting petitions for letters of
administration, July 28 set for hear
ing. Tbe estate consists of 160 acres
near Jackson, valued at $800, and
stock and furniture valued at S6U.
Tbe heirs are Anna Eliza Hunting,
widow, Emma Brown, daughter,
residing in Oakland, Laverna O'Neil,
daughter, residing at Pel Mpntje mine,
Annabel Andrews, daughter, living
near Jackson, Lonuda M. Kerlinger,
of Oakland, Letty Pipper of Denver,
CoX, Charlotte A. Seabury of Oak
land, Cal., Leonard H. Hunting and
John Hunting, sons of deceased.
Estate of Edwin A. Kent. Walter
E. Kent petitions for letter*. De
ceased died February 16, 1890, leav
ing estate consisting ot two lots in
Jaokson valuod at 82000. The heirs
are, besides petitioner, Eva L. Kent,
Amy F. Kent, lining in Jacksop, apd
Clara A. Agapd, living in Han Diago.
J. H. Kerfoot, John Hall, David
Finn, T. L. Canvin and Domeqioo
Sargentini vs. Wnooln Gold Mining
Co., Wildman Consolidated mines,
and others. Suit to foreclose liens
against tbe Lincoln Mining Company,
a corporation organized under the
laws of New York, for work and labor
performed between June, 1904 and
April, 1906, tor the following sums:
J. H. Kerfoot S'JU; and attorney fee?
of $200, and oqsts *10; John Hall
$818.96, with attorney fees and costs;
David Finn, aa engineer, $143,6.. 75,
and attqrney fees and costs as above.
T. L. Canvin, miner and blacksmith,
51558.50, with same amount for attor*
ney fees and costs. Domenico Sar
gentini, miner and skip tender,
$784.23, same attorney fees and costs.
The total amount claimed with costs,
is $5562.44 W. J. McGee, attorney
for plaintiffs.
Does evil still, your whole life fill?
Does woe betide?
Y our thoughts abide on suicide?
You need a pill!
JNow for prose and facts DeWitt's Lit
tle Early Kisers are tbe most pleasant
and reliable piljs known io-d.ay!
They never gripe. Sold by F. W,
Kubser.
25c lawns for la.^o per yard at tbe
Jackson Shoe Store.
FACTS IN NATURE.
Hot Only Do We Get Inspiration From
Nature, But Health aa Well.
For people who aro run-down and nerv-
ous, who suffer from indigestion or dys-
pepsia, headache, biliousness, or torpid
liver, coated tongue with bitter taste in
the morning and poor appetite, it bo-
comes necessary to turn to some tonic or
strengthener which will assist Nature
and help them to sot on their feet and
put the body into its proper condition. It
is becoming more and more apparent that
Nature's most valuable health ; giving
Agents are to b.p found |q forest plants
Olid roots.
Nearly forty years ago, Dr, R.V. Pierce,
now consulting physician to tho Invalids
Hotel and Surgical Institute, at Bultnlo,
N. V.. discovered that by scientifically
extracting and combining certain medici-
nal principles from native roots, taken
from our American forests, ho could pro-
duce a medicine which was marvelously
efficient in curing cases of blood disorder
and liver and stomach trouble as well as
many other chronic, or lingering ail-
ments. This concentrated extract of
Nature's vitality ho named "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." It purifies the blood by
gutting the stomach and liver into
ealthy condition, thereby helping iho
digestion and assimilation of food which
feeds tho blood. Thereby It cures weak
Stomach, Indigestion, torpid liver, or bil-
iousness, and Kindred derangements.
If you havo coated tongue, with bitter
or bad tasto in the morning, frequent
headaches, fee! weak, easily tired, stitches
or pain in side, back gives out easily ami
aches, belching of gas, constipation, or
irregular bowels, feel flashes of heat al-
ternating with chilly sensations or kin-
dred symptoms, they point to derange-
ment of your stomach, liver and kidneys,
which the "Golden Medical Discovery"
}vill correct . more speedily and perma-
nently than any other known agent, Con-
tains no alcohol or habit-forming drugs.
All its ingredients printed lv plain Eng-
lish on wrapper,
Tho solo motive for substitution is to
permit the deader to make a little moro
profit. He gains: you lose. Accept no sub-
stltuto for "Golden Medical Discovery."
Constipation causes and aggravates
many serious diseases. It is thoroughly
cured by Dr. Ptorco's Pleasant Pellet;.
One a laxative; two or three aro cathartic.
Bad Indeed.
Losing flesh is indeed a bad sign
Take Scott's Emulsion for it. For
weak indigestion, for defective nour-
ishment, for consumption, take
Scott's Emulsion. It restores flesh
beoause it strikes to the cause of the
loss.
Ledger & Chicago Inter-Ocean. $2.50
Notice tp Stockholders.
! Notice of special meeting of the
Stockholders of the Del Monte Mining
and Milling Company.
Notice is hereby given, that at a
meeting of the Bpard of Directors ot
the Del Monte M. and M. Co., (a
corporation) held on the 4th of June,
1906, by vote of all the directors pre-
sent, it was resolved that the capital-
ization of the said company be in-
creased from 100,000 shares ot a par
value of $1 per share, to 400,000
shares of a par value of $1 per share:
INow therefore, in accordance with
1 said resolution, notice is hereby
given, that a special meeting of the
stockholders oi said Del Monte M.
1 and M. Co., will be held at the office
of said company in th 9 Marelia build-
ing in the city of Jaokson, Cal., on
, Monday, August 6th, 1906, at the hour
of 2 o'olock p. m. ot said day for the
purpose of determining whether, or
not the capitalization of said com-
pany shall be increased from 100,000
shares of a par value of $1 per share,
to 400,000 shares of a par value of 81
per share.
At which time and place, all said
1 stockholders nf said Del Monte M.
and M.Co.are requested to be present.
This notioe shall be published in
the Amador Ledger a newspaper
published in the city of Jackson, the
place where the office of the company
is located, for at least 60 days before
tbe time of said meeting.
By order of the Boaid of Direotois.
Dated this 4th day of June, 1906.
JAS. JAY WRIGHT, secretary
. Del Monte M. and M. Co., (a corpora-
tion. )
Notice is also given that the re-
gular annual stockholder's meeting
of said Del Monte M. and M. Co.,
[ will be held on Monday the 6th day of
August, 1906, at the principal place of
. business of the company, in the city
of Jackson, Amador county Cal., for
I the purpose of electing directors.
Notice to Creditors.
1 Estate of John B. Francis deceased.
: Notice is hereby given by the under-
. signed, administratrix ot tbe estate of
John B. Francis, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having
I claims against the said deceased, to
, exhibit them, with tbe necessary
vouohers, within four months after
' tbe first publication of this notice to
1 the said administratrix, at tbe law
> office af Wm. J. McCiee, the same
, being tbe place for the transaction of
, tbe business of said estate, 10 said
oounty of Amador.
Dated, July 14, 1906.
ELIZABETH FRANCIS,
Administratrix of the estate of John
j B. Francis, deceased.
Wm. J. McGee,
Attorney for administratrix,
r ' ,
Summons.
In the superior court in and for the
3 county of Amador, state of California.
s Le Roy Trackweli, plaintiff vs.
, Volcano Qold Mining Company (a
i corporation), deiendant.
Aotion brought in the superior
■ I court of the county of Amador, state
1 of California, and tbe complaint filed
i in the office of the clerk of said
y county of Amador.
Chas. H. Crocker, attorney for
' plaintiff, Jackson, Amador Co., Cal.
s The people of the state of Cali-
t fornia send greeting to Volcano Gold
Mining Company (a corporation),
defendant.
You are hereby directed to. appear
i and answer the complaint in an aotion
: entitled as above, brought against
3 you in tbe superior court of th
oounty of Amador, state of California
1 within ten days after the service on
; you of this summons if served within
this oounty; or within thirty days i
served elsewhere.
And you are hereby notified that
• unless tbe defendant so appears am
- answers, the plaintiff will lake judg-
. ment for any money or damages de-
manded in tbe complaint as arising
1 upon contract, or will apply to tbe
■ court for any other relief demanded
, in the complaint.
, Given under my hand and the seal
of the superior court of the county of
Amador, state of California, this 9tb
, day of April, A. D. 1906.
(seal) C. L. CULBEKT, clerk.
By J. R. Huberty, deputy clerk.
Notice to Creditors.
"Kstate of Isaac .N. Frisbee, deceased.
Notioe is hereby given by the under-
signed, administrator of tbe estate of
Isaac N. Frisbee, deceased, to the
, creditors of and all persons having
claims against the said deceased, to
exhibit them, with tbe necessary
; vouchers, within four months after
the first publication of this notice to
tbe said administrator, at the law
office of Chas. H. Crocker, Marelia
block, Jackson, Amador county, Cal.,
the same being the place tor the
transaction of the business of said
estate, in said county of Amador.
Dated, July 19, 1906.
GEO. A. GORDON,
Administrator of the estate of Isaac
N. Frisbee, deceased.
Chas. H. Crocker and Herbert V.
Keeling, attorney's for administrator.
Notice to Creditors.
Estate of Enlalia L. Rugne, former-
ly Eulalia L. Frisbee, deceased.
Notioe is hereby given by tbe under-
signed, administrator of the estate of
Eulalia L. Kugue, formerly known as
Eulalia L. Frisbee, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having
claims against the said deceased, to
exhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers, within four months after
the first publication of this notice to
tbe said administrator, at the law
offloe of Chas H. Crocker, Marelia
block, Jackson, Amador county, Cal.,
the same being the place for tbe
ransaotion of tbe business of said
estate, in said county of Amador.
Dated, July 19, 1906.
GEO. A. GORDON,
- Administrator of tne estate of
Eulalia L. Rugne, deceased.
Chas. H. Crocker and Herbert V.
Keeling, attorney's for administrator.
GO TO
FRANK DUHINE'S
Saloon and Restaurant
Main street, Plymouth.
Choicest Wines, Liquors and Cigars.
Meala served at all hours, at reasonable prices
Clean and up-to-date In every way. Jyl3
■'--.- UP-TO-DATE BUSINESS MEN.
Igiinocchio BROS; I
■ if
IU "*• DEALERB IN -*>
I Jl- ' General Merchandise I
II •]J a" Groceries, Furnishing . Goods, Shoes, ||
3 mB5 . Boots ' Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining Bf
H fa Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, M
Hj Grain, etc., etc. IB
H Corner Main and Water St. @
I JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA I
••••••••••••••••. . m##o##o#########^ m
I toar patt - LJ. Glavinovich I
5 LEADING GROCERY STORE " j
• £3P15 Groceries, Dry Goods, •
• d Furnishing Goods, Boots, % » :
• a Shoes, Toilet Articles, •
• {j # Hardware, Miners' Sup- . : •
• I • plies, Hay, Grain, Etc. ; •
• N
S Cor. Main & Court Streets 'r-— --^-— -— •
I JACKSON, -i - CAL. \\ B McC i L *
• - * \Bazaar Patterns*
••••••••••••••••••••••**9* m%mm%mmf .+ 9t l 99999999999999 \
1 ♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦
|| FINE ASSORTMENT OF— _ TEA AND COFFEE ] ►
! CENTRAL GROCERY HOUSE ||
|| ; C. E. Olver & Wm. J. Nettle,- jr., Proprietors. i :
I; Full Line of — • " . ■ \ '. %
;; Fresh Groceries, Fruits, Vegetables. 3 !
' ; C-J Fresh Fish every Thursday and Friday. ; ; ;
|| North Main Street —-Jackson, Cal ;;
C. E, RICHARDS
I Of Sutter Creek, hereby announces himself
as a candidate for
COUNTY CLERK AND AUDITOR
I Subject to the action of the Republican
I County Convention.
GEO. C. JENNINGS
I . Of Drytown, hereby declares himself a can-
I didate for
COUNTY RECORDER
I Subject to the decision ef the Republican
County Convention.
W. E. PROCTOR
I Hereby announces himself a Candidate for
SHERIFF
Of Am odor county, subject to the decision of
the Republican County Convention.
WM. G. SNYDER ~ ~
Announces himself as Ca n d 1
DISTRICT ATTORNEY
Of Amador county, subject to the decision
I fo the Republican local Convention.
ROBT. i: KERR
Of Jackson, hereby announces himself
.'  as a oandidate for
I V COUNTY CLERK AND AUDITOR
I Subject to the decision .of the Demo-
I . cratic County Convention.
Special Small Ads.
■ ■ ■■ '^- : k
I Advertisements under this head, not exceed-
1 ing 5 lines, will be Inserted at 50c per month, or
I 5 cents tier line for less than one month.
I A LL kinds of Blanks for U, S. Land Filings—
•"■ Homestead, Timber and Mineral blanks-
may be had at the Ledger office; also deeds
mortgages, mining locations, proof of labor
and other legal blanks kept for sale
Famished Booms to let: inquire at
Ledger office.
For Rent— Webb hall, ' suitable for
lodges or small entertainments, by
the day, week or month. Inquire at
Ledger oft ice.
Receipt books, location blanks, deeds
mortgages, promissory notes, etc,
for sale; also mining signals on
cloth, graduation diplomas, at the
Ledger offce. :
Official Map of Amador county,
revised and corrected up to 1904, on
sale at the Ledger office. The only
map of Amador county obtainable,
and sold exclusively at the Ledger
office. Price, mounted and colored,
$10; unmounted and unoolored, 15.
We make a specialty of printing all
kinds of notes, receipts, checks, etc.
Send your orders to the Ledger. '
(Catilafisss Ranredy) \
Slops M Osise
When tired out, ■»!*?-. no dc-r.ira to work or move 5 !
about, restless in timpani worn out on awaken- H
Inc. no appetite, ac ling bones and hot and chilly ■ j
sensations. t=ke "3 Cay "Ma aria Cure"-- It H
prevents chills; p. res worst cases In throe days, i
75c. Mads fey s S.OthS«mwnH t cS.B
P, W. RUHSER, Jackson 1
! 1
Ledger and Chicago Weeky Inter-
ocean, both papers for one year, $2.50
in advance. '
— ■ -» — w — - - www www w WWWW m
I A. BASSO •
•HARNESSVJ
•HARNESS.!
• Single Buggy Harness •
• and Team Harness •
• All work hand sewed, •
• Repairing of all kinds done. : 2
• Main street, Jackson. r.'J'
••••••••• >••••••• ■••••••••
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO., CAL.
t GEORGE HOTEL
STO, AMADOR CO., CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers. •
Ist of accommodation for commercial
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable. jnel
p|rfS JiiS JK
' OF SACRAMENTO.
Corner Fourth and J Sts.
lorner Fourth and per cent
Air Depositors four per cent
on term DEPOSITS, THREE per cent
On ORDINARY DEPOSITS . . . .-.
Accepts deposits in sums
from ONE DOLLAR and
upward.
Guaranteed Capital $410,000
Paid Up Capital and Reserve. . 356.500
tfrom ONE DOLLAR and
upward.
ranteed Capital $410, 000
lUp Capital and Reserve. . 356.500
Assets.. .: 2,071,500
Send Draft, P. O. Order, or Wells-Fargo Order
and we will send pass book.
— Money to Loan on Beal Estate
WM. BECK MAN, PRES.
Alfred G. Folger, Cashier. <-'.v sep3o
BANK OF AH COUNTY
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : : : $50,000
-
Ital Stock : : : $50,000
President ....Alfonse Ginocchio
Vice-President.-. S. G. Spagcoli
Secretary and Cashier : . .Frederick Eudey
board OF DIRECTORS: ,
Alfonse Giuocchio.S.G.Spagnoli, John Strohm
Frederick Eudey and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT —Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from the Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a . month, thereby se-
cur4ng you against any possible loss from fire
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County; you will save 10 per cent and "
upward over postofllce or express. Money sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. Wo have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY- It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County. -
They receive deposits from $5 up. Commence
tbb new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die it can't be found and you are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive
Bears the /) Tha Kind You Haw Always Bought
Bignatnro fJr . S/V/7 T"^^**A BARBAIN
A Guaranteed
RAZOR and STROP
for $1.50
COME IN AND EXAMINE
RUHSERS
CITY PHARMACY,
Jackson, Cal.
EMPERATLRE AND RAINFALL
[This table gives the highest and lowest tem
krature in Jackson for each day, together with
le rainfall, as recorded by self-registering in
ruments kept at the Ledger office :
! »|j ;P3
Temp: g. Temp *
Date. Dale, j jo
I L.H.: 31! :L H. 2
ly 1(06).. sti 84 .... : July 17 (06)J~60:"91i~
•■! (W 9 I! 18 I M* 95;....
3 >57; 94 II 19 ! 57: 93....
4 : fiu 96; ji SO !&t : i ....
5 i 58: 98 .... : 21 ! : :i. ..
6 : 59 98 !| 22 : • : • :
7 58 97 .... : 23 : i : 1...!
8 ! 58 88:....ji U : : : I
9 : 65: 98i....1i 25 i : i : 1....
10 56 117 •....;] 28 I :!:!..
n 57 ioo : i 27 ! : I : i....
\2 64 ioo; : 28 ; : i : !....
13 64 100 29 ! : : : ..
14 62 97 SO i : i : !....
15 oil sw : 31 i : i : :
16 58 93 : : 1 i I
! »|j ;P3
Temp: g. Temp *
Date. Dale, j jo
I L.H.: 31! :L H. 2
ly 1(06).. sti 84 .... : July 17 (06)J~60:"91i~
•■! (W 9 I! 18 I M* 95;....
3 >57; 94 II 19 ! 57: 93....
4 : fiu 96; ji SO !&t : i ....
5 i 58: 98 .... : 21 ! : :i. ..
6 : 59 98 !| 22 : • : • :
7 58 97 .... : 23 : i : 1...!
8 ! 58 88:....ji U : : : I
9 : 65: 98i....1i 25 i : i : 1....
10 56 117 •....;] 28 I :!:!..
n 57 ioo : i 27 ! : I : i....
\2 64 ioo; : 28 ; : i : !....
13 64 100 29 ! : : : ..
14 62 97 SO i : i : !....
15 oil sw : 31 i : i : :
16 58 93 : : 1 i I
ital rainfall for season to date.. .35.19 inches
t corresponding period last season 32.31 "
LOCAL NEWS
When you wish the finest flavored
iffees and teas, remember that VV. J.
ettle keeps only the best.
Miss Uallin Seymour returned home
lesday evening, after a visit of three
seks in Sacramento.
Miss Kate J. Driscoll started Mon
ty on a tour to Vosemite valley, to
turn by way of San Francisco. At
ockton she will meet Miss Margaret
ibilliugs of Uleta, and from tneuee,
tn several other friends, will pro
ed to the vaJley.
Antonio Silva, a pioneer of tbis
uuty, died in the county hospital
st Friday, after a lingering illness.
0 was a native of Portugal, aged 7G
»ars. Deceased came to California
1851, and soon thereafter settled in
nador county, where be bus spent
ost of the years since. At one time
owned the property on Main street
w occupied by John Chirm, and
rried on business theie for several
ars. On selling out his interest, be
mt to one of the lower counties,
ly to return in a few years, com
etelv broken in health. He had
en a resident of the hospital for
veral years, and was completely
diidden for some months preceding
s death. He was buried in the
ckson cemetery on Saturday.
Get the weak spots in your old nar
iss patched at Pete Piccardo's.
A tire was started on the Farrell
ining property at Middle liar on
ednesday of last week in a singular
ancer. A crew of the American
ver Electric Company were engaged
cutting down a tree, and in go
ling one of the power wires was
oken and fell to the ground, set Ore
the dry grass. I'he men and many
the neighbors bad their hands
li in extinguishing tbe flames.
) it was the tire consumed several
res of dry feed.
Lemons, oranges, and bananas con
antly on hand at. Nettle's Mkt.
Professor Kothe, formerly leader of
c Jackson band, came up from
;ockton last week, to resume his
ace as instructor of the local band.
c entered upon bis duties last Mod
ly. He is a tine musician, and no
mbt tbe organization will forge
lead under bis tuition and manage
ent.
V. S. Garbarini got through with
ying the sewer pipe through Main
reet and up Court street, as far as
c Spagnoli building on Tuesday
st. To accomodate those on Sum
it street the sewer is laid in the
ley by O'Neil's grocery store, and
once along the right of way of
arelia to Summit street. A number
property holders have already made
tnnections with the sewer, and the
hers are preparing to do so.
All kinds of harness from 815 up at
etc Piccardo's.
Irs Chas. Giovannoui, who has beeu
ffering from a nervous complaint,
cident to childbirth, was taken to
c St Joseph's hospital in Stockton
st Monday for treatment. Her con
tion demanded quiet and rest, and
ider the physician's advice it was
seined advisable to remote her to an
itside sanitary institution. Ibere is
ttle doubt that she will recover with
ireful nursing.
Saturday; tbe 23th, will be oui
lurch sale day. We give tbe
ethodist church 10 per cent of our
ay's business. All come along and
elp us help the church. Jackson
aoe Store.
"The church and its finances,"
ill be Rev. C. E. Winnings theme
Bxt Sunday evening at 8 o'clock at
le Methodist churcli. All should be
iterested in so vital a subject,
sual services at 11 a. m. and Sabbath
ihool at 2 p. 111.
Key. W. Tuson, rector of tbe Epis
>pal church, left Monday morning
>r several weeks vacation. He will
3to Vancouver, British Columbia,
•iving relatives there. His health
as not beeu good of late, and bis
ip is taken mainly for his health's
ike.
Mrs T. K. Norman, and her daugb
krs, Miss Mayme and Elsie, expect
> leave for Santa Cruz on Sunday
lorning, to remain there several
oeka.
MORE LOCALS.
Frank fcerenzi, returned this week
from a visit to Stockton and other
points.
J. B. Stevens, who was county
clerk of this county in 1874-G, and
wno is now a government employe in
San Francisco, came up Monday to
attend the tuneral ot Mrs (Gordon.
Mrs Stevens, a daughter of deceased
came with him.
Mrs C. O'Neil of the Del Monte
mine, came to Jackson Monday, to
attend the funeral of her father, C.
B. Hunting.
Pioneer Flour always has been and
still In t lie bent
The infant child of Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas White, formerly of Jackson,
died in Angels last Sunday, and the
body was brought to this town tup
following day, and interred in the
Catbolio cemetery. The child was
subject almost from birth to a strange
malady. It was subject to hemor
rhages of the eyes, nose and other
organs. The singularity attracted
much notice among medical men, a
number of whom visited the afflicted
one in the interest of science.
Ice cream at P. Cuueo's to-morrow,
and every day thereafter.
About fifty (tampers and tourists
were reported last week to be in the
vicinity of Bear river on the way to
Silver lake. They got stalled at the
point named, on account of tbe im
passable state of the roads, and con
cluded to wait there until some of
the cattle mou came along and broke
the way. They were principally from
Licdi and vicinity.
Bands of cattle are traveling to
the mountain pastures almost daily.
Kirkwood's and Geo. Murphy's cattle
started for their ranges near Silver
lake on Tuesday. Plasse's stock will
be started to-morrow.
Theodore Crocker and wife, Riley
Anderson and Herbert Meek went up
on a tishiug expedition on Sunday
night, to the mouth of Tiger creek,
about twenty fa" ye miles away. They
returned Monday night. They report
Ushing very poor in that section at
present. There aie few in the creek,
near its mouth, while the Mokelumne
river is too high for this sport. They
caught all told thirty-two — trout,
in tne Mokeiumne river.
F. W. Rubser has recently added to
bis complete drug store equipment, an
up-to-date prescription counter. It
is by far tbe handiest and most
elaborate thing in that line to be seen
in Amador county. It is provided
with front shelving, scales, drawers,
and a desk on each side. Everything
required in preparing the most com
plex prescription can be had within
reach ot the druggist. i'roni begin
ing to end be is not required to leave
the counter. It is a great time saver,
and at the same time quite an orna
ment tv tbe store.
Mrs Breese and her daughter Miss
Kachal Breese left Tuesday morning,
for San Leuudro, where they will
make their future home.
Nigbt parties are not much of a
success in tbe fishing line at Lake
Tabeau. One day last week a party
from Jackson consisting ot Ij. Lamh
and four or five others, went to that
favorite sporting place and returned
before dusk laden with lish. They
captured over 70 in all. At night
another party tried their hand at tbe
business, with very indifferent suc
cess. A few small ones were all tbe
trophies they secured.
John R. Huberty, deputy county
clerk, witb bis family, left Monday
tor Santa Cruz, for a vacation.
J. F. Wilson. Dentist. Hours 9a.
in. to 5 p. m. Phone— Office, black
i4l : "residence, Black 523; Jackson.
Give us daily some good bread. Pio
neer is tbe best.
An Austrian miner had his toe badly
crushed in the Central Eureka mine
early this week, by a rock falling upon
it. He was brought to the boarding
house of Andrew Perovich on Wednes
day,and v surgical operation was per
formed, involving the removal of the
crushed bones. It is believed that
the use of the toe will be saved to a
great extent. Dr Phillips oderated.
M. Barsi, who has been proprietor
of the saloon and boarding house at
Martells for several years, has sold
out bis business to the Galli Bros.,
who took charge last week. Mr. Barsi
and family have moved temporarily
to the Baduracco place, two miles
south of town, but expect shortly to
move into town occupying their own
residence on Broadway.
Saturday will be our special sale of
summer dress lawns and organdies,
20 to 25 per cent off, on Saturday,
don't fail to see our prices tor that
day. Jackson Shoe Store.
J. R. Huberty returned from Santa
Cruz Thursday evening, after seeing
his family settled tor a vacation stay
in that seaside resort.
OASTOKXA.
Bears the j$ 1118 Kinil Yon Have Always Bought
3ignature /^^ ,
of L/uisy^&Z-ZZte
TUB AMADOE LEDGER: JACKSON; CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, JULY 20, 1906.
C B. HUNTING COMMITS SUICIDE.
By Shooting Himself in the Head.
Chester B. Hunting, an old resident
ot near Jackson, was found doad,
lying on n bed in a small house he
and bis wife were living in on the
ranch of John Andrews, his son-in
law, about five o'clock on Sunday
eveniug. The deceased formerly
lived near Butte mountain, on the 1(30
acre tract be bas owned there for
about 20 years. He and his wife
lived there alone, since his children
were grown up and married. The
weight of years Dressed on him as he
was over 80, and rendered him in
capable uf attending to tbe work of
the ranch. So some time ago be
rented his place to Harvey Peuse,
and the aged couple went to live in
a small house about a mile above
New York Ranch, on the ranch of J.
Andrews. On Sunday last Mrs Hunt
ing prepared the breakfast and after
the pair had partaken of tbe meal,
Mrs Hunting went up to tbe Andrews'
residence, as her daughter, Mrs
Andrews, was sick in bed. Before she
went C. B Hunting tended to the
horse be bad, and then left tbe place.
He appeared to be as cheerful as
usual, and talked over tfie breakfast
table. On reaching tbe Andrews
bouse, Mrs Hunting found her hus
band there also. It appears that
some time during the day tbe old
man left the Andrews house, and
returned to bis own residence, a mile
away. What time this was Mrs Hunt
ing, who was tbe only witness
examined at tbe coroner's inquest,
could not say. About five o'clock
Mrs Hunting returned borne to pre
pare supper, and found her husband
lying on tbe bed dead. At first she
thought be was sleeping. But on a
closer examination she discovered
tbat he was dead, and a pistol beside
him, and a gunshot wound on the
bead told the story of suicide. He
bad talked of committing suicide,
several times. Some three weeks
before he took some morphine tablets,
so bis wife testified, witb tbe in
tention of putting himself into the
sleep tbat knows no waking. The
reasons be gave for wishing to end
bis life were that bis health was fail
ing and he was unable to work. Upon
realizing what bad occuired, Mrs
Hunting returned to the Andrews
bouse, and John Andrews and his
sun-in-lhw repaired to the scene of
the suicide, and notified tbe authori
ties.
Coroner Hubeity held an inquest
over tbe remains the same day,
before tbe following jurors: Fred B.
LeMoiu, Geo. J. Tucker, James A.
Flaherty, W. Radovich, Alvin Pem
berton., W. J. Leavy, W. H". Shaw.
Tbe verdict returned was tbat he
came to bis death from a gunshot
wound inflicted by his own hand with
suicidal intent.
It seems tbat deceased left his borne
for the Andrews place immediately
after breakfast, for the purpose of
getting some tools. Having secured
them he at once started homeward.
John Andrews passed by the house
about nine o'clock, and saw him
there. The old man was near tbe
bouse, and inquired about some stray
calves that were in tbe inclosure. He
passed the place again on his home
ward journey, and failed to ace him
at tbat time. It is thought that
the suicide was committed in the
forenoon. The body was cold when
found, indicating tbat death bad
ensued several hours. The pistol was
held over tbe left temple, a short
distance from the head, as no powder
marks were visible. The bullet went
through tbe head, struck a window,
and fell on a table, where it N was
picked up. Death must have been
almost instantaneous.
This was tbe third attempt he bad
made at self distruction. He was not
ot a despondent disposition. He had
been suffering from a chronic trouble,
and tbe future held no hope of relief.
Witb this prospect he believed, and
in fact told his relatives, tbat death
was preferable to a life of pain.
The funeral was held on Tuesday,
tbe remains being interred in tbe
Pine Giove cemetery.
■'Not Guilty."
The much talked of oase against
Jos. Visseaux, a saloon keeper of
lone, charged with selling liquor
within two miles of the Preston
School ot Industry, contrary to the
provisions of an amendment to tbe
codes passed at tbe last session of tbe
legislature, was tried in lone, before
Justice McCauley, and a jury, last
Friday. District Attorney Viciui
appeared for the prosecution, and A.
Caminetti for the defendant After
hearing the testimony and argument,
the jury brought in a verdict of not
guilty. The testimony was inherently
weak. It proved that liquor had been
sold by the barkeeper, but failed to
show that tbe man in charge, who
actually sold tbe liquor was in the
employ of the defendant. It there
tore did not show that tbe defendant
was criminally lesponsible for the act
of his employee. In this state of the
evidence the jury could hardly do
otherwise than acquit. Still taking
this fact into consideration it is
undeniable that the result was in
accordance with popular feeling.
The outcome only serves to em
phasize tbe fact that it is futile to
attempt to entorce a law that oon
tranes tne popular idea ot justice and
right. When an individual's ideas of
right come in direst conflict with
written law, even though he be
selected as a juror to try tbe case
"according to the evidence find the
law as laid down by tbe court," he is
face to face witb tbe proposition that
he cannot keep taith witb both. He
must break with one or the other.
And almost invariably in such a
dilemma a man will elect to satisfy
the dictates of bis own conscience in
preference to man-made laws, which
savor of injustice and wrong.
Has Stood »be Test 25 Years.
The old, original Grove's Tasteless
Chill Tonic. You know what you are
taking. It is iron and quinine in a
tasteless form. No cure no pay. 50c.
A Pioneer Lady Passes Away.
Mrs Klizabotb Gordon, widow of
Judge M. W. Gordon, died at her
residence on Saturday last at tbe
ripe age of 88 j ears and three mouths.
Liong prior to her demise she had
been almost helpless trom the ravages
of time in sapping the foundations of
life. She died at the Gordon home,
neai the Zeilu mine, where she had
lived continuously for over 50 years,
and which tor a number of years past
was also the home of her son, Geo. A.
Gordon and family, who faithfully
attended to the deceased in her de
clining days.
Mrs Gordtin was born in St Cath
erines, Canada, March 3U, 1818. Her
maiden name was Elizabeth Hannah
Cutler, eldest child of Jacob and
Catherine Cutler. When an infant her
parents moved to the United States,
first to Kentucky, where in 1835 the
supject of this sketch was married to
Isaac N. Frisbee, and to them live
children were born, four boys and
one girl. She was left a widow at the
age of 26 years. lv 1852 she started
from Missouri with her parents and
her own five children, in an ox team
for California, arriving safely in this
state the same year, and settled in
Benecia, at that time tbe capital of
the state.
Here she engaged in tbe hotel busi
ness. M. W. Gordon was elected to
tbe legislature, which met in 1853,
and while attending the session
stopped at the hotel kept by Mts
Frisbeo. He was elected as a member
from Calaveras county, whioh at that
time included most of the territory
now comprising Amador, and on the
special issue of getting a bill through
creating the county of Amador. In
this he was successful. Tbe acquain
tance which thus casually sprang up
ripened into an attachment, and they
were married in Benecia in J854, and
thereafter they moved to Jaokson,
then designated by popular vote as
the county seat of tbe newly created
county, it was the second marriage
for both contracting parties, one
daughter of Judge Gordon by his first
wife survives, who is now Mrs J. B.
Stevens. Judge Gordon died 17 years
ago. The subject of this sketch
occupied the dewelling in which she
breathed her last a for 52 years. She
leaves three children, Marion W.
Gordon, S. P. agent at lone, and Geo.
A. Gordon, school superintendent of
Amndoi county, and Mrs Coombs, nee
Fiisbee, by her tirst husband.
Besides tbe children above named
she leaves nineteen grandchildren,
and ten gieat grandchildren; also two
brothers, Milton Cutler of Jackson,
Wis., John Cutler of Ukiah, and one
sister, Mrs Julia Patterson, of Lex
ington, Ky.
Deceased was a devoted aud con
sistent Christian, and took an active
part in religious and philanthropic
work until the burden of years com
pelled her to rest from ber labors.
For titty -two years she was a member
of the Methodist church of Jackson,
— the oldest member of the looal
church. She was identified with tbe
church from girlhood days.
The remains were laid to rest by
tbe side ot those of her life partner
of by-gone years in the Protestant
cemetery, the Key. C. E. Winning
officiating. The following were the
pall bearers: V. 3. Garbarini, A. L.
Stewart, H. A. Clark, Geo. W. Brown,
M. S. Matson and E. M. Kelly, all
sons of old pioneers. Pioneers,
native sons and daughters turned out
to do honor to one whose more thau
half century of life had been spent in
their midst, and whose Christian
character and kindly nature will,
long bo remembered by all who knew
her.
SLcABTOWN ITEMS.
The hay crop in this section is one
of the best ever known. Sown grain
runs trom 1 to two tons per acre.
The acreage sown is rather under
tne average.
Independence day was celebrated at
the residence of F. M. Petty by a
gathering of tbe neighbors, who par
took of ice cream and indulged in
patriotic songs.
Bert Kennedy, of the J. R. Dick's
ranch, has gone with his family to
the copcer mine in tbe vicinity of
Forest Home, owned by W. F. Detert,
leaving bis place here in charge of F.
M Petty.
The school trustees have not yet
decided upon a teacher for Milligan
district for the coming term. There
are two applicants. Mrs Wood of
b'ruitvale, who gave excellent satis
faction last term, is not an applicant
for reemployment.
Frank Davalle is hauling timbers
and wood, cut on his place here," to
the mines around Jackson.
The AvUe boys aro making regular
trips witb timbers from tbe Mace land
in Pioneer district, to the Argonaut
and Kennedy mines.
J. R. Dicks, who has been working
for F. M. Petty for several weeks,
intends to leave Saturday for
Acampo, for a short stay.
Tbe pasturing ranges in this neigh
borhood are well stocked with feed.
Pasture will be abundant when the
stock returns from the inouu'.ain
ranges in tbe fall.
Jackson Military Band will give a
social dauce in Love's hall, Saturday
evening, July 28; tickets 81.-
Charley Cademartori bas taken the
place of Julius Piccardo, in the
freight department at the Martell
rnilroad depot. Piccardo is employ
ed as a traveling freight agent tor
the company.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /*!? S/?<?.m
Signature of (*/Za&xT'£Zc&/l4
FOR SALE.— One good miJk co\v,
and calf, one week old. lor terms,
etc., apply to A. Kechinello, Pine
Grove, or to V. Givannoni, Jackson.
my 11-1 vi.
CITY TRUSTEES.
City Iruetees met last eveniDg; all
members present.
City attorney R. C. Bole reported
tbat tho Electric Light Company was
unable to procure tbe necessary
material to complete the arrangements
made to light the city, and could not
sign the contract and specify the
time in which same would be com
pleted.
Trustee Kent reported that the
Native Daughters had already com
menoed to take care of the trees near
the cemetery, hence the street and
sidewalk committee took no action.
The committee on curfew was in
structed to procure a pole and pro
ceed to complete same.
On motion by trustee Kent, duly
seconded by trustee Penry, Ordinance
No. 25, was adopted by the following
vote:
Ayes: Kent, Penry, Tarn, Learn and
Garbarini.
Noes: none.
Petition from A. Goldner to box up
post to be used as a sign, was laid
uver until August meeting.
Adjourned until Thursday evening,
July 26.
Try a little Kodol for dyspepsia after
your meals. See the effect it will
produce on your general feeling by
digesting your food and helping your
stomach to get itself into shape.
Many stomaebs are over- worked to
the point where they refuse to go
further. Kodol digests your food and
gives your stomach the rest it needs,
while its reconstructive properties get
the stomach back into working order.
Kodol relieves flatulence, sour stom
ach, palpitation of tbe heart, belching
etc. Sold by F. W. Rusher.
Butte Ditch.
The old Butte ditch, for many years
known as the Horn ditch, which in
former years conveyed water from
Jackson creek to the vicinity of Slab
town and Butte City for mining and
irrigating purposes, is again in good
running order. Mr. Farwell, super
intendent of tbe Jose Gulcb Mining
Company, which is operating the
quartz mine at Butte basin, has, at
considerable expense, cleaned out tbe
ditch throughout its entire length.
This work was done mainly to secure
a supply of water for tunning the 10
stamp mill. It is also of much ser
vice to the ranchers and gardeners of
tbat neighborhood, who have been
without irrigating facilities for many
years, on account ot the delapidated
condition of this canal. The ditch
property is owned mainly by the
stockholders ot the mine. it is a
valuable property in itself, -and one,
which independent ofsupply ing water
cor mining, should be made to return
a good income on tbe capital invested
from the sale of water lur irrigation '
alone. The residents ol the section
beneUted are elated at the reopening
of this ditch. They have keenly felt
tbe loss entailed by its non-usage,
and bail with satisfaction the advent
of water tor raising garden and
orchard products as in past seasons
of productiveness. Tbe owners in
tend to maintain this canal in good
running order hereafter, as a business
proposition, whether tbe demand for
mining purposes is maintained or not.
Card of Thanks.
We desire to express our sincere
thauks to ail who kinaly rendered
assistance during tbe last sickness
and funeral ceremonies of our beloved
mother, Mrs Elizabeth H. Gordon.
Kelatives of Deceased.
Jackson, July 19, 190 C.
State of Ohio, City of Toledo,
Lucas County.
Prank J. Cheney makes oath that he is
senior partner of the firm of F. J.
Cheney & Co; doing business in the city
of Toledo, county and stato aforesaid,
and that said firm will pay the sum of
One Hundred Dollars for each and
every case of Catarrh that cannot be
cured by the use of Hall's Catarrh
Cure.
Frank J. Cheney.
Sworn to before me and subscribed in
my presence, this 6th kav of December
A. D. 1886.
A, W. Gleason.
Notary Public.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken intern
ally, and acts directly on the blood and
mucus surfaces of the system.
Send for testimonials free.
F. J. Cheney & Co; Toledo, Ohio.
Sold by all druggists, 75 cents.
Take Hall's Family Pills for consti
pation.
Tbe cas6 of O. E. Martin against
tbe Amador Lumber Company was
tried in the superior court on Mon
day and Tuesday last, without a jury.
Plaintiff sued the company for 8980,
alleged to be due for services as book
keeper etc, at tbe lumber yard in
Amador City. The evidence showed
that T. A. Cbicbizola was tbe regular
book-keeper, and that he hired Martin
to straighten out the books, etc., and
the contention of the defendant was
tbat tbe claim, if any tbe plaintiff
bad, was against Cbicbizola, and not
against the Lumber Company. After
hearing the evidence the judge decid
ed trom the bench in favor of defend
ant, with costs of suit.
It is always well to have a box of
salve in the house. Sunburns, cuts,
bruises, piles and boils yield to De
witt's Witch Hazel Salve. Should
keep a box on hand at all times to
provide for emergencies. For yeats
the standard,, tut followed by many
imitators. Be sure you get the gen
uine DeWitt's Witch Hazel salve.
Sold by F. W. Rusher.
Notice to Pay Up.
Having disposed of my business at
Martells, all parties indelted to me
will please settle their accounts at
once at the store of E.'Ginocchio &
Bro., Jackson, who nro authorized
to receive said moneys and give
receipts for tame.
M. BARSI.
Jackson, July 20, 190 G.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tab
lets. All druggists refund the money
if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's sig
nature is on each box. 25c.
Kodol for Dyspepsia
Digests what you eat.
MINING NOTES.
Fremont. — This mine is running
along smoothly. The ore is low
grade, but of uniform quality, which
is a point greatly in its favor. The
yield leaves a fair surplus over work
ing expenses each month. Large
quantities of concentrates are turned
out, and the management is thinking
some of the erection of chlorination
works and the treatment ot the
sulpburets on the ground. The able
superintendent, Arthur Goodall, is a
careful manager, a qualification
which is absolutely essential to the
success of all the producing mines
along the mother lode at present.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching, blind, bleeding, protruding
piles. Druggists are authorized to
refund money if Pazo Ointment fails
to cure in 6 to 14 days. 50c.
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
I The following Instruments have been filed
for record In the recorder's office since our last
report. We publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to accede to
any request to suppress any document from
these columns. Don't ask us to do so.l
Deeds— M. E. Muldoon to Foitunato
t'oletta, portioD of Acme quartz mine,
Jackson district $50.
Mabel Frances Tucker to C. P.
Vicini, Kelly aud McKay and Love
quartz mines, Jackson district, SIOO.
G. M. Huberty and G. P. Murphy
to W. E. Stwart Estate Company, 130
acres 2-5-11, $1.
May E. Newman and J. Newman to
Lottie May Braddy, south half of
block 44, lone, 8600.
W. E. Stewart Estate Company, to
Johu J. Rogers, 130 acres 2-5-11,
51500.
James Kiley and wife to Johu
Kiley, 50 acres in lone valley, $10.
J. L. Churchman to D. C. Church
man, 265 aores in lone valley, 810.
Certificate of Redemption. — H. D.
Emerson, bouse and Jot in Jackson,
taxes of 1900, 82.78. • .
Francicso Baitna, 138 acres 9-5-11,
59.80, taxes of 1900.
Mrs M. J. Andrews, 200 acres 25-7
11, taxes of 1900, $19.78.
C. P. Vioini, Kelly gold mine, taxes
of 1896, $177.94.
Abstract of Judgment.— P. L.
Cassinelli va. W. E. Stewart—Judg
ment for $89.65, in justice court town
ship one.
Order assigning estate.— Estate of
Gideon Devore.— Order assigning
whole of estate to widow.
Notice of Intention to Sell. — Luigi
Ghilieri, one-half interest in grocer
ies, wines, liquors, furniture and
fixtures; also horses, wagons and iv
business of the finn of G. Ghilieri &
Bro., at Jackson Gate; consideration
51000, to take effect July 24, 1906.
Decree of Distribution.— Estate ot
Adolph Summerfield to Marie Sum
meitiled, 80 acres 1-7-9.
Estato ot Henry F. Tucker. — Decree
ot distribution recorded. Kel:y and
McKay and Love quartz mines,
Jackson district to Mabel Frances
Tucker.
New Idea Club Entertainment.
The entertainment of the New Idea
Club in Love's hall, on Wednesday
evening last, was one of the most
successful affairs presented by local
talent for a long time. It was a suc
cess from every standpoint—attend
ance, merits of the performance, and
tbe financial outcome. Tbe hall was
crowded to the doors, ail the reserved
seats at 75 cents being occupied, and
all the seating and standing room
available take up. Tbe program waa
published in full in these columns
last week, and it is hence unnecessary
to repeat it. Suffice it to say tbat
all the participants sustained their
respective parts in a very creditable
manner. Many pieces were encored
and tbe audience in other ways dis
played its gratification with the
entertainment.
The afterpiece, a farce, entitled
"Mary Miller," sustained by three
characters, represented by Mrs Nettle,
Miss Emma Bnarman and Jas. Jay
Wright, elecited a fund of amuse
ment, and was greeted with rounds ot
applause.
It was past midnight when the
entertainment was finished, but not
withstanding tbe warmth ot the nigbt,
very few of the spectators left before
tbe close.
Tbe fact that the performance was
given tor the benefit of the M. E.
church helped to draw the large
crowd present, as well as the attrac
tion of local artists. The exact
amount realized we are not able to
state this week, but it is estimated
that fully 8100 will be left for the
church after paying all expenses.
DeWitt's ra Salve
For Piles, Burns, Sores.
ISI I AA\[ ? C We cany aMI line of S
I HUW J DRESS GOODS, ■ \ §
; |\ [!nr EMBROIDERIES, LACES, I
HI )H Gloves, Corsets, £
j Dress Trimmings, g
1 STHDC Clothing and Underwear g
I IUKC Panama Hats |
j iVijTTrn We Carry First-class Goods Only, §
!UUI I hK ONE PRICE ONLY. £
j .^.. t. s:e3:otx7\ 2
B -J
To Cure a Cold in One Day K^fc- 1
Take Laxative BrOmO Quinine Tablets. JS t%& on every I
Seven Million boxes sold in past 12 months. This Signature, *&' S^-*-&rZnrZ***' I>OX. 25c. I
Railroad Extension.
The projoct of extending the lone
and Eastern railroad to the timber
belt above Volcano is not sleeping.
Parties in the interest of this pro
posed extension secured an option
upon nearly all tho timber land in
the upper country. The option runs
for three months only, which gives
the promoters insufficient time, it is
feared, to carry the matter through.
It is believed, that a reasonable
extension of the option can be secured
from nearly all ot tbe land owners
concerned. The Ledger hopes the
enterprise will be prosecuted to a
successful issue. It should be en
couraged in every possible way by all
the residents of the eastern poition
of the county, the future of which is
largely dependent upon the proposed
extension. s
Hotel Arrivals.
National.— D Mbsod, Pioneer; E
Boldemann, F A Grimm, J Mc-
Creadie, A Betzel, A PoJ", G W
Dearborn, J A Calway, Victor Leigh
ton, Prof. C Rothe, San F-rancisco;
C X Burns and wife, Sacramento; U
Kegensburger, San Francisco; J Mc-
Donald, Sacramento; E Martiu, J B
Stevens ami wife, H L Parish, Calis
toga, Arthur G0..-rii], Oakland; John
E Kast, Volcano; Joe Cohen, Oak
land; P J Cbappelii, San Francisco;
Glenn E. Kirkpatrick, Sacramento;
Phil Harris, St Louis; Geo A Gray;
W H Sheets, Stockton; Mrs L Sea
bury, Oakland; A Chapman.
Globe. — R Copley, Wosteria; A
Lookwood, San Francisco; Miss'
Wheeler, Plymouth; C Hamrick and
wife, Wallace; S De Yore, Forest
Home; F Walker, Pine Grove; Jess
McLaughlin,. Electra; R C Uren and
wife, Tonopah; Mrs J G Murhpy and
son, Chlco; L Roberts, W A Payton,
G W Payton, Angeles; Joe Gardella,
Eleotra; Arthur Jones, Pine Grove;
Jess Jacobs and wife, Los Angeles;
T Chichizola, Sutter Creek; D Mc-
Call, lone; Harry Hyde, CS Halli
fax, Sacramento; H A Solomon, San
Francisco; Mrs M Ghirardelli, Minnie
T Gardella, Big Bar Bridge;. Tom
White and wife, Angeles; W Snyder,
Sutter Cieek; Mrs H Norris, Oak
land.
iiiTcußjri
I where it is hot all the year round j
|Scott's Emulsion!
■ sells better than any where else )
Wl in the world. So don't stop taking M
B it in summer, or you will lose
| what you have gained. 1
Send for a free sample.
V SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, M
W 409^15 Pearl Street, New York. ■
50c. and $1.00: all druggists. H
Notice of Assessment.
Jose Gulch Aliuiug Company, a
corporation, duly organized and
existing under anrl by virtue of the
law of the state of California, having
its office and principal place of busi-
ness at Butte Basin (Jacksou post
office), Amador county, California,
and its property and works at the
same place.
Notice is hereby given that, at a
special meeting of the Board ot
Directors ot the Joae Gulch Mining
Company, held on the 2d day of July,
1906, an assessment ot three (3) cents
per share waa levied on the subscribed
capital stock of the above named cor-
poration, payable on or before the
6th day of August, 1906, to the secre-
tary of the said corporation, J. P.
Little, at Butte Basin, (Jacksou post
office), Amador county, Calitornia.
Any stock on which tbis assessment
shall remain unpaid on the 6th of
August, IUO6, will be delinquent and
will be advertised for sale at public
auction, and unless payment is made
of the assessment with accrued costs
before the 4th day of September.
1906, said delinquent stock will be
sold on that day (September 4th,
1906), to pay the delinquent assess-
ment together with costs of advertis-
ing and expenses of sale.
J. P. LITTLE,
Secretary of tbe Jose Gulch Mining
Company.
Office at Butte Basin, (Jackson post
office), Amador county, California
MrfS^SALE * tOgggfr
BBYALLTHE \*^&e\
■ BEST DEALERS %^
lA. TOWER CO.. ESTABLISHED 1836
Mi- BOSTON NEW YORK CHICAGO
ft. TOWER CANADIAN CO.aimited,TOROHTO.CAW. .
, WONDERFUL
Mail Order Offers
■**-» a lb. - r t ■_""'•
BEST GRANULATED SUGAR
We have packed and ready for
shipment a. quantity of i wonderful
grocery offers.
Grocery offer No. 17, retail value
$13.60, which we sell for $9.00 con-
tains the following:
50 lbs. Dry Granulated Sugar. $ .50
10 lbs. Best Roast Coffee 2 50
10 lbs. Fancy Head Rice.... " '85
2 lbs. Best Eng. Bkfst Tea... 1.00
30 Bars Eastern Laundry Soap 130
9 Bars Violette Toilet Soap... .'35
5 lbs. Pure Baking Powder... 2.50
* $9.00
Mason Fruit Jars, Pints. ... 45c doz
Mason Fruit Jars, Quarts.. .55c doz'
Mason Fruit Jars, ; * Gal ...70c doz!
Hand-made Fruit Cans
All of our cans are made in our
own shop and are free from poison.
Pints, 33c doz. ; quarts, 35c doz.
WHITE LAWN WAISTS
98c.
.■'■ No firm in America everorfered
such a wonderful value. Made of
extra fine white lawn with a circular
yoke of Valenciennes lace; tucked .
front; center of Swiss j embroidery, ■
row of Valenciennes lace on either
side; short sleeves; button back.
Size, 32 to 44. White only. Sells
everywhere for $1.75. Breunei
Brothers' price, 98c.
CATALOG f FREE
This great mail order ! house has moved,
temporarily, to Sacramento, in order to im-
mediately protect its vast business. Wo are
now in shape to fill your orders for anything ;
you want— AS WE SELL EVERYTHING.
Send for Catalog— FREE. ■
"California's Greatest Mail Order Bouse"
527 Eye Street, T
Sacramento. Cat.
•-• p ■
BEST FOR THE
BOWELS
- If you haven't a regular, healthy movement of the
bowels every day, you're ill or will be. Keep your
bowels open, and be well. Force, in the shape ot
violent physic or pill poison, is dangerous. The
smoothest, easiest, most perfect way of keeping
the bowels clear and clean is to tako
EAT 'EM LIKE CANDY *
Pleasant, Palatable, Potent, Taste Good, Do
Good, Never Sicken, Weaken or Gripe: 10, 25 and-
50 cents per box. Write for free sample, and book-
let on health. Address '..;-..-■ 433
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York.
KEEP YOUR BLOPjD GLEAN.
♦♦♦♦♦»»»»♦»♦♦♦»*»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦< <
!We Make J
' /^ ' t ' °
. Candy S^oj
! In Oakland, but sell it all over )["
' the West. ; We use absolutely •
, pure materials and flavor our 0
• candies with pure 'natural fruit ♦
[juices. Every piece is fresh, ',',
>. delicious, delicately flavored, ' '
, smooth and creamy. Comsum- ', ',
' ers say — and we believe they ''
> kijow — that our candies are su- ',',{
' perior to all others. Mail us a ' '
. P, O. or express money order, 1 1
' and we will do the rest. ' •
► it
> . ' One pound box 75c. < >
« Two pound box $1.35. <•
1 . Chocolate or French Mixed, i 1
[ Put np in beat . resisting, j[
1 moisture proof packages. ' 1 \*.
', Express or postage prepaid., ',
I LEHINHARDT'S j;
I 1159 Broadway /Oakland, Cal. ;=^BASTORift
|| For Infants and Children.
* ASTORIA I The Kind You Have
ISR--, - ™■• i Always Bough!
AVegetable Prcparalionror As- * #
similatingtheFoodandßcgula- I _  #
ling the Stomachs andßowels of ;i I .DGOXS tllG Jr I
Promotes Digeslion.Cheerfur- ! m. £ %f \ht
ness and ßest.Contains M n i» ' Va Jltl
Opium.Morplune nor Mineral. |[ || . \)i . #l\ '11/
NotUakcotic. 1 /iWIM^
jIKtpeafOUJIrSAMUELmGHER M • V/\ '■'
Ptmi/Jaii Seed' v aJj o
Wlx.Sama * I i :  H
BoAtlU Sdts- i Vtsl * •■»
■ Jtaix ,W * 1 f$ A BT \ in
/hpermiHt - ) I lift 8I!
BiTaiitmaliSttte* I l\
Ctmfied Sumr . I Me lr r : W * •■'*?-■ RB
»B* v ,* m 9 n mr . ) \ft Hod
r, If W* UOC
ion, Sour Stomach.Diarrhoea H I \kj
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- m\ |r Cam ft. 1A
ness and Loss of Sleep. IS \J* rlli JVui
Facsimile Signature oF J'^j
G&tft&tzt*,. \\\\?\n Yd arc
NEW YORK. 1 lllllH ICdlO
EXACT COPY OF WRAPPER. 3 fal |J \Wm
ttWi __ .attjy B^^ m III! I
THI OCKTMJfI «CMr*nr. nt«rom< cut.
DELINQUENT
TAX SALE
FOR THE YEAR
1905
State of California, )
[■ S3.
County of Amador. *
Public notice is hereby giv
en that default having been
made in the payment of tax
es due to the State of Cali
fornia and the county of
Amador for the year 1905,
upon
REAL ESTATE
-AND—
ni mm
hereinafter described, and
the same having become de
linquent on the 12th day of
July, A. D, 190(3, I, T. K.
NORMAN, Tax Collector of
the County of Amador, State
of California, by virtue of the
power and authority vested
nTrne by law, did upon Tues
day, .the 13th day of July,
1906, levy upon.the following
described Real and Personal
Property, and as such Tax
Collector will, on
Saturday the 4th day
of August, 1906.
at the hour of 1 o'clock p. m.
sell the same in front of the
Court House at Jackson, in
said County, to the People of
the State of California, under
the provisions of Sections
3764, 3765 and 3767 of the
Political Code, unless the
Taxes Delinquent, together
with the costs and percent
age, are paid previous to the
hour fixed for said sale on
said day.
The amount now due on
each assessment, including
costs and percentage, are as
follows:
[All property described by town
ship and range is north and east of
Mt. Diablo base and meridian, re
spectively.]
Township One.
Taxes &
Costs
Jackson Exploration Co— A tract of
land, being lot No 5 in the south
west quarter of southeast quarter
of «ect lon :u township 11 range 11,
8388-100 acres, and hoisting works
buildings, and one fifteen stamp
mill 50 00
Mother Lode Mining Co— The CoiiKoli
dated McNamara quartz mine In
Jackson mining district, and
described as lots si and 82. in sec
tion :! township 5 range 12 17 37
Moore Mining Co —A tract of land
being a Iractional part of section
31 township U range 11, 115 acres,
nnd southwest quarter of south
west quarter of section 27 town
ship li range 11, 40 acres, and
fractional part section 28 towns
hip li range 11, 85 acre*, and frac
part of north half of north half
of Section 3-' i township (J range 11,
42 acres; embracing the Moore
mine, being in Jackson mining
district 315 50
Xevills, WA— A tract of land being
a trac part of northeast quarter
of southwest quarter of section
35 township 6 range 11- 28 acres;
and frac part of north half of
north half of section 33 township
li rang 11. 42 acres: and lots Nos
1, 4 and 5 of section 10 township 5
range 11, 15 acres 13 62
Raun, E P— The Del Key quartz mine,
being located in section 10 town
ship 5 range 11, and frac part of
southeast quarter of northwest
quarter of section 10 township 5
range 11, and btiijdings and other
Improvements 14 00
Shealor, J L— A Iract of laud uci|)g
lots Nos 2. Sand 1 of Hcctjou a
towdship 0 range 11, 111) acres ...... 11 Ti
Vogt, II P— the Vogt gravel claim In
section 32, twp6rangel2, a min
eral claim above reservoir; 11
mineral claim below reservoir;
thcMariou claim mineral, and
a. certain ditch taking water
from Marion gulch, and a sec
ond ditch taking water from
Heservoir gulch; also the Llewel
i-laini ' 2* 12
Township Two.
' Taxes &
■ --• - '•*"-■",; Costs
M Morton, 3 D et al, interest acquired by
m mortgage executed by the Ameri-
c can Pacific Mining and Develop,
m ment Co, on property In Butte co,
b being the Black Prince, Dream, Bo-
n nanza Queen, Anna Williams,
N New Tear, Annie Laurie, Golden
E Eagle Oriental, Sweepstake, El Dor-
a ado and Superior quartz mines,
a and property in Amador co, being
t the Kiver King quartz mine and
a all rights under notice of
a appropriation of water; and in
C Calaveras co, being the Chalk Hill
d deep gravel placer mine and the
N Nigger Hill cement gravel mine,
a and rights under agreement be
ttween J D and W W Cook and the
A A merican Pacific Mining anil De-
v velopment Co, original and present
v value of mortgage lien $500. dated
J July 31, 1901, to run 5 years $ U 48
A Ah Van— Lots in Lancha Plana, being
. lots 19, 24, 23, 2U and 27, block 6. ... 399
B Buwden, CE— one half interest in a
c certain ditch taking water from
J Jackson creek neor a stone house
a and conveying same lit l,ai)cha
' Plana and vicinity ..,,,.$ 21 38
I 'erkey, Mrs E. estate of— tract of land
b being fractional part of east half of
s section 7 township 5 range 9, A3
a acne. And fractional part of north
h halt section 8 township 6 range 9, 71
a acres 28 79
S Southerland. D A—lnterestA — Interest created by
m mortgage executed by George D.
S Scofleld on realty or Mrs « L Tubbe
o original and present value of secu-
r rity 5309, dated October 22nd, 190],
t to run — years 725
T Tong Kook Co— mining claim in Lanchu
P Plana 531
W Westmoreland and Sons— a one half in
tterest in a suspension bridge across
U lO Mokelurane river, and being
n near llio town of Lancha 1*1:111:1 3 31
Township Three.
V 0 V W.Jaokaon Lodgo-n hall and lot
in Volcano, bring |x)j. 1:1 block la 2 73
Grove's Tasteless Chill Tome
has stood the test 25 years. Average Annual Sales over One and a Half Million
bottles. Does this record.of merit appeal to you? No Cure, No Pay, 50c.
Enclosed with every bottle is a Ten Cent, package of Grove's BlacSt Root* Uver Pills.
THE AMADOR LEDGER; JACKSOK, CALIFOBNIA; FRIDAY. JULY 20. 1906
B Beebe, Joseph— a tract of land being the
n north half of section 36 township 8
r range 15, 320 acres.. 18 50
B Boyer, Mrs Francis — a tract of land be
iing northeast quarter nt section 3D
t township 8 range 12, and east half
o of southeast quarter of southeast
q quarter, 180 acres 10 62
B Barney, Mrs J L — realty in Oleta, being
» . lots Nos 10. 11 and 12. in block li 2IS
B Batchelder, T C— a tract of land being
s southwest quarter of northeast
q quarter, and southeast quarter of
n northwest quarter of section 34
t township 7 range 12, 80 acres, and
p personal property 8 09
B Boyer, J F.— a tract of land being north
h half of northeast quarter of section
3 4 tow; ship 7 range VI, 80 acres,
a and personal property 8 69
C Carver, John— tract ot land being the
s southeast quarter of southeast
q quarter of section 31 township 8
r range 13, 40 acres 2 73
C Clark Brothcrs-a tract of land being
t the southwest quarter of northwest
q quarter of sec 2 township 7 range
1 1, and the north halt of northwest ■
q quarter of southwest quarter of sec
ttion •» township 7 range 11, and tho
s southwest quarter of southwest
q quarter of section 2 township 7
r range 11 108 acres, and the south
h half «*» southeast quarter of section
3 l.>wn-UV 7 range 11, 80 acres,. 13 8"
D Davis. Jfrs M L— a tract of land being
I I '..• •»■(:!' Milt nt north west quarter
o of tUxitiOßil township 8 range 14,
W Wi iu.ua; mil west halt of north
.i. .i (juartor of 'Octioii 27 town-
s ship Brunto-11.8 runto- 11. oret ■■ 9 50
t tells, UK-tho fiaaghvr House Quartz
t tain* iv ilin sot-.thHCht quarter of
n northeasl quarter of section 84 ■•.:>-.
! !.'.vn.-h;'i» t.i;i'll> acres 2 75
r rcrrts. J H— a tract of land- being the
b bomli half of sfoiion 36 township 8
r ran^fl Ift. f'JO acres 18 50
F ij-c, .1 W— a house ami lot in Volcano, .
b being lot i block 11 1 81
F FMdheboer, C— tract of land being the
ü bith half of southeast quarter and
- 'iii h-'.-iM quarter of northeast
q quarter and' northwest quarter of
s southwest quarter of section 2)
t township 7 range 13, MO ivorcs 1!' 62
G Greenwood, J A— the Clear Water Quartz
m mine in Volcano mining district. . . 5 52
l l)i(Ti nil, David — ii tract of land being
n northeast quarter of northenst
q quarter and north halt of southeast .
q quarter of northeast quarter and
w wost half ot northwest quarter of
l lion 31 township 7, range 13. 140
a acres Dot)
H Hadley, E S and S X Thornton—a tract
o of land beingwest half of west half -
o of northwest quarter of section 26
t township 8 range 11, V) acres 5 00
l llollister, HA— a Quartz mine known
a at) the Whittnoru in Volcano min
iing district and a mile west of Vol
ccano 1 1 00
1 11. id h. Mary, anil J W Marshal — a tract
o of land being the northeast buarter . »■
u ut southwest quarter and north- -iSi*
w west quarter of southeast quarter
o of socllon 1 township 7 range 12, no
a acres, and 1 engiuo, Iwilnr and
o other Improvements XI 00
H Harrel, ¥ M— it tract of laud being the
" "iiutl|ea»i quarter ot southeast
q quarter section 14 township 8 range
1 1 ,4 0 acres, and north halt of north
e east quarter section 23 townships
r range 1 1 , 80 acres, and the northwest
q quarter of northwest quarter of sec
.. tion 24 township 8 range 11, 40
a acres 9 50
H Hank, Adam— a tract of land being a ono
h half interest in the east halt of
s southwest quarter of southeast
q quarter section 33 township 8 range
1 1,1 0 acres ; ■.'.. 275
{ianlcy, Tjmpt|iy jr — a gold quartz claim V '
lIDI ID theeast Half of spct}on 27 town
»»li|p 1 rapgp 12, knpwn aa thoHpi
s shoo mlno ...,.,.,..;..... 2 in
Lone Hill Mining Co, the Lono Hill gravel
mine, being tbe ttoutheasi quarter
of northeast quarter of section 1
township 7 range 11. and the north
half of northeast quarter of sey
tlon 4 township 7 range 11,
and the northwest quartor of
northeast quartfr of soctlon 4
township 7 range 11, 100 acres, and
improvements consisting of a dwell
ing, other buildings, cars, etc 28 G'2
Lessley, W J— a tract of land being the
southeast quarter of northeast
iiuurler pf section 3 township 7
range 13, and north Unit ot vmli
east quarter section 3 township 7
range 18, luo acres, and sw; 4 of
nw. 1 ., section 2 township 7 range 14 . 11 75
Martel, Louis— a traot of land beipg
the east halt ot west halt of
section 23 township 'J range 17, 16U
acres 9 50
Murphy, Mrs J— a tract of land being the
south half of northeast quarter and
northwest quarter ot southeast
quarter section 21 township 7 range
11, 120 acres 8 37
Orr, N W— a tract of land being the
southwest quarter of section 36
township 8 range 16, 100 acres 11 .50
Parker Mining Co — Tho Parker Quartz
mino in Volcano mining district,
and described as lot 47 In section 11
township 7 range y> 5 00
Pine Grove Hall— The town hall and lot
In Pine Grove, being lot 5 in block
2 10 05
Peyton. Lee— a parcel of land brlnd a
frac part of section 32 township 7
rage 12 8 37
Keeves, .1 O— a tract of land being the
north half of northeast quarter of
section 19 township 8 range 15, and
. south half of southeast quarter of
section 18 township 8 range 15,
160 acres 9 sti
Keward Mining Co — a tract of land
being the southwest quarter of
B.quthwest quarter and fractional
norlpwest quarter of section :'A
township 7 range \% 40 acres, and
one ten stamp piilf and 250 feet of
iron pipe 55 10
Richards, H D C— a water ditch known an
the Setzer ditch, conveying water to
land formerly owned by Bray & Co. 11 75
.Jas E — a tract of land being
the west half of southwest quarter
section 6 township 7 range 13, 80
acres, and the southeast quartor of
southwest quarter section 6 town
ship 7 range 13, 40 acres, and per
sonal property 11 83
furnep, W T— fnterest created and se
rrui-i.'d ))y mortgage executed by
James Sliealur to D F Gray and
subsequently transferred to jjresent
holder, on east half of southwest
quarter and southwest quarter of
southwest quarter of section 8 town
ship 7 range 13, original and pres
value of mortgage §350, dated June
2nd, 1902 8 37
Oregon Savings Bank— lnterest acquired
by mortgage secured by trust deed
executed by Sutler Creek Gold Co,
on the Diana Guiliana, Kaybe and
Summit quartz mines, in Volcano
mining district; original and pres
ent value of trust deed .»200,0t!0;
datod Jan 24, ISWS 4500 50
Swift and Keeler— A quartz mine in Vol
cano mining district, being in
section 28 township 7 range 13, and
engine and other improvements... 9 50
ScharlT, J C — a' tract of land being south
half of southwest quarter of south
west quarter and southwest quarter
of northwest ot southeast quarter
and west half of southeast quarter
of northeast quarter of southeast
quarter and northwest quarter of
southwest quarter of southeast
quarter and west half of northeast
quarter of southwest quarter of
southeast quarter, and east half of
southeast quarter of of northwest
quarter of southwest quarter anc]
northeast quarter of southeast
quarter of .southwest quarter and
west half of southeast quarter of
southeast quarter of southwest
quarter of section 18 township 7
range 13, 70 acres, and a water
right 12 87
Sphftonmaker.l— a tract of land being the
north J)alf of northwest quarter,
and southeast quarter of northwest
qr and southwest qr of northeast
quarter of section 33 township 2
rango 13, 16U acres, an I personal
property 2140
Taylor. A L — a tract of land being the
south half of northwest quarter
of southwest quarter of secction
3 fowuship 8' range 11, 20 acres,
and imhin-' rjght under surface of
north ititirißf northwest quarter
of southwest quarter of section '1
township 7 range 11,20 acre5.. !...'. 3 8"
Tearkoff Mining Co--a quartz inino
known as the Tearkoff in Pioneer
mining district near West Point ... 11 75
Van Buven. L— a tract of land being the
north liulf of south half of section 8
township 7 range 13 160 acres 9 50
Wfloy, .Mary E— a tract of land being the
jurtheagt quarter of southeast
quarter u( section 3li township 7
range 11, and northwest quitriiii' of
southwest quartor ut section M
township 7 range 12, 80 acres 5 U(i
Werley, J H— a housn anil lot 111 Pino
Grove being lot 7 block 13 4 51)
Wetmore, Anna— a tract of laud being the
si mill hair of northwest quarter and
west half of northeast quarter of
section 27 township 7 range l.'J, 100
acres 9 50
Township Four.
T Taxes &
c costs
l llayha Geo — a tract of land being a
f fractional part of section 5, town-
s ship li, range 11, 63 acres, and
s south half of southwest quarter
o ofsection 33, township 7, range 11
8 80 acres; and soulhwest.quaiterof
s section 4 township G range 11,
acres 63 87
H Huffluirton, Mrs. D— A lot in Suiter
C Creek, being lot 24 block 22 2 99
B Bawden, J — A house and lot In Sut- '
t tcr Creek, being lot 27 block 2 . . . . 17 93
E Eclipse Mining Co— TheEclipsc quartz
m mine, In Amador City mining
d district, and designated as lot No
7 3, in section SO township 7 range
1 0; and the Eclipse Extension
q quartz mine, in Amador City
m mining dis'rict, and des. as lot
X Xo 46 in section 3l> township 7
r range 10, and the Lust Chance
q quartz mine in Amador City
m mining district 90 50
F Finn, Hay— tract ol laud being the
. northwest quarter of section 22
t township 7 range 11, 100 acres 11 75
L Lincoln Gold Mining Co — the Lincoln
g gold mine in Suiter Creek min
iing district, and designated as
l lot No 42, in section G. township
s ship 6 range 11, and uhe hoisting
w works and machinery connected
w with aame. and one air com- - •'
p pressor 231 (13
L Loggett, Annie- A tract of being
n northwest quarter of northwest
q quarter of section 23 township 7
r range 11, 40 acres 275
M Morgan. Mrs C E B— A house and lot
i in Sutler Creek, being iot 3 black
2 1 £7 89
R Raghusina, D— a house and lot in
A Amador City, being lot 21 block 1 2 75
W Wait, W A— A tract Of land being
. south half of run th west quarter
a and south we-t quarter of north-
e east quarter mid northwest quar
tter of soiithewst. quarter, of
s section IH township 7 range 11,
acres ..., 12 87
T Teuscli, Wllbelm interest created
a and secured by trust deed cxc-
c cuted by Western Gold Mining
C Co on the west half of southwest
q quarter of section 1 township 6
r rant;? 11, and I lie east half of
s southeast quarter of section 5 .
t townshipli li (all properties
o of the said Western Gold Mining
C Co)orkrinal valuation of security
$1(10,000, present valuation in
A Amador co by agreement $15,000,
d dated December 2nd, 1902 338 00
Township Five.
B Bawd en, 'f Jl,J 1 , — a house and lot in
P Plymouth being lot 11 block 14 2 07
C Centennial Mining Co— The Centen-
n nial quartz mine in Drytown
m mining district, ami described as
l lot 72 In the southwest quarter
o of section 13 township 7 range 10,
a and hoist on same 23 00
A Andrews, John Interest created by
m mortgage executed by A J Crnln
a and wife on east half of north-
w west quarter of section HI, town-
s ship 8 range 11, Original and
p present value of mortgage 8500; '
<|ated" July 12, laps, to, run 5
y years '..,...., .',.,',..,.,.' laid
C Cable, II Li— A trout of land being the
s southeast quarter of section 27
t township 8 range 10, 160 acres,
a and personal property, ..,, , 800
C Chattel!. Mrs realty in New Chi-
c cago, near*Drytown, being two
h houses and lots 2 75
C Castle, C C— The Price quart; mine In
P Plymouth mining disc, in west
h half of northeast quarter of
. section 26 township 8 range 10,
2 0 acres „ 725
E Ekel, Edgar— tract of land being
l lot No 4of northwest quarter
a ami lot \"o 1) being northeast
q qqarter of northwest quarter of
. .section 8 township 7 radge 9, and
n northeast quarter of section 4
. township 7 range 9, 2*5 acres. and
p personal pr0perty,,,,,.,,.,,. 07 41
V Volz, A (i— a tract of land being
s southwest quarter ot northeast
q qr section in township 7 range 10,
4 0 acres 00
G Gulil, Henry— A tract of land being
l lie fraction of south half of
s south half of section 15 township
8 range 10, IK) acres, and the frac
ttion of northeast quarter of
n northwest quarter of section 22
t township 8 range 10,30 acres .... 7 25
l lleisch, P A X— A lot in Urytown be
iins lot 6 block 14 ' 1 05
H Hart, John —a tract of land being a
f fractional part of northeast quar
tter of section 83 township 8 range
..':-10,. .':-10, US acres..,, ; 15 12
K Klamath Consolidated HydraullcGold
M Milling Co— trujt of land being
s southeast quarter or northeast .
q quarter and northeast quarter of
s southeast quarter of section 18
t township 7 range 9, 80 acres 17 38
K Kreiss, Mrs A— A lot in Plymouth be
iing lot 4 block 25 •' 1 62
K Kaufman, II— A tract of land being
, - the southeast quarter of north-
e east quarteror section 7 township
7 range 10, 10 acres 334
l l.asieh, John— A lot in Plymouth be-
i ing lot 3 block 21, and lot in
P Plymouth being lot 4 block 21... 2 75
l liagomarsiuo, L— A lot in Plymouth
• being lot a block 21 ' 1 05
M McGregor, John— A house and lot in
P Plymouth, being lot i block (i,
a and personal property 2 75
M McFarlanc, Mrs Mary— A tract of land
• being lots Nos 1, •-' and 5 of sec
ttion 3 township 7 range I). 123*- ■-
a acres, and personal property 26 9!)
N Nichols. Mrs 8 II— A lot In Plymouth
b being lot 11 block 20 * 1 62
N Ncedham. Mrs— A house and lot in -' -■■■
P Plymouth being lot 2 block 13. .. 2 75
P Pocahontas Improvement Co— Po
c cahontas. quartz mine in Dry
ttown mining district, and dcs
llgnaedIIgnaed as :ot No 81, being in sees
232 3 and 21 township 7 range 10,
a and hoisting works, and one old
t ten stamp mill connected with
s same; and the California quartz
m mine in Drytown mining district
a and described as lot No 74 in
s sections 2:1 and 21 township 8
r range 10., and a certain water
d ditch taking water from Bine
L Lakes reservoir and conveying
• same to thePocahontas mine 2! 02
P Potter, F M— A tract of land being
s southeast quarter of southwest
q quarter of section 26 township 8
r range 10, and f rac northeast quar
tter rof southwest quarter, and
f fraptlcitt past, half of northeast
q quarter of seotlun 35, township. 8.
r range 10, ISO aoros , 8 37
P Pulich, John— a lot in Plymouth being
l lot 3 block 30 '. : 162
R Richardson, II M — The Atlantic
q quartz mine In Drytown mining
d district and described as lot (Hi
i in sections 13 and 21 township 7
r range 10 11 75
R Reeves, Thos R— A house and lot in
P Plymouth, being lot 6 block 18,
a and personal property 155
H Hitter, Mrs Jennie— A tract of land,
b being the east half of southeast,
q quarter of southwest quarter and
s southwest quarter of southeast
q quarter and west half of south-
e east quarter of southeast quarter
a and west half of east half of
t the southeast quarter of the
s southeast quarter of section 0
t township 7 range 9, 90 acres, and
e east half of northeast quarter
o of section 7 township 7 range 9,
8 0 acres, and north half of north-
w west quartcrand north west quar
tter of northeast quarter find west
h half of northeast quarter of
b beast quarter and west half
o of cast half of northeast quarter
o of northeast quarter of section 8
t township 7 range 150 acres, and
t that certain ditch known as the
A Amador and Sacramento Canal,
c conveying wntcrlfrom the Cos-
u unine's river at a point near Mu
ssic Dale on south side of said
r river to Michigan Bar in Sacra-
m mento county, and all flumes,
d dams and reservoirs connected
t therewith 563 00
R Ralph, Mrs E— .realty near Amador
C City, being the eastern portion
o of house and lot at Bunker Hill
m mine, and personal property 3115
S Smith, Valentine— a tract of land be
iing northwest quarter of south-
w west quarter of section 13, town-
arrange 10. and east hair of
s southeast quarter and southeast
q quarter of northeast quarter of .
s section 14 township 8 range 10,
m mo acres 13 55
S Shovel. Kate and X T Morris— A
p parcel of land being the north
h half of southeast quarter of
s southwest quarter of section 28
t township 7 range 9, 20 acres 8 91
Taxes &
costs
Slavicli, A— A house and lot in Plv
moutli being lot 6 block 28, arid
lot in Plymouth being lot 7 block
2S, and lot in Plymouth being
lot 2 block 28 4 43
Slavich, Peter — a hous'j und lot in
Plymouth, being lot 5 block 25,
and house and lot being lot 6
block 25 2 07
Seymour. Mrs A— A lot In Plymouth
bel ng lot 10 block IB 1 05
Turner, Alice M— The Pension placer
mine being In northwest quarter
ol northwest quarter of section
25 township 8 rango 9, 17
acres n 75
Thomas, Wm-- A house and lot in Ply
mouth lot 2 block 22 2 75
White Mountain Mining Co — The
Mountain quartz mine in D-y
lown mining district, and desig
nated as lot No 43, in north half
of sectijii 1!) township 7 range
11 34 25
Williams, J H— A house and lot in
Plymouth being lot 4 block 20 ... 2 18
Wcntworth, It & S Co— A tract of land
being the northwest quarter of
northeast quarter and northeast
quarter of northwest quarter of
section 28 township 7 range Si,
80 acres 1175
Wilson .Fiancis— A tract of land being
fraction of west half of north
west quarter of section 20 town
ship seven, range 10, and north
east quarter of southeast quarter
and southeast quarter of north
east quarter and fraction north
half of northeast quarter of
section 27 township 7 range 10,
145 acres 12 57
■rtahl, S S. and FJ Taylor— lnterest
created by mortgage executed by
\\'i stern Pennsylvania Gold Min
ing Co on northwest quirler of
southwest quarter (containing 40
acres) section 36 township 8 range
10, original and present value of
mortgage 510,000, dated Nov»th,
1!K)3, to ru 11 9 years j»ss 50
Wheeler, SC A tract of |nnd, being a
fractional part of northeast quart
ter of sollthwu.li quarter and frau
northwest quarter of southeast
quarter and frac south half ot
Bonthenst quarter and all of
southeast quarter of southwest
quarter section 36 township li
range IU, 1*25 acres, and personal
pi opcrty i(j 25
Zenith Mining Co— The Zenith quarts
mine iv Plymouth mining dis
trict in section 4 township 7
range 10, 20 acte-i, and ten stamp
mill on same (is 00
Zlblllieb, John— a house and lot in
Plymouth, being lot, 1 block 25.
and 10l In Plymouth being lot 2
block 2s, and lot in Plymouth, be
ing lot.) block 25, and personal
properly 10 24
T. K. NORMAN.
Tax Collector of Arnador Co.,
State of California.
STAPLES' lIR GIBE.
(Continued from page 1. )
enough of its existence a month after
wards) and giving to the claim of the
prosecution the full force which such
a relationship or desire might dis
close, still this, of itself, was not
sufficient to warrant the conviction of
defendant. It is a circumstance to
be taken iptp consideration by the
jury.^but not sufficient, of itself, to
warrant a conviction. A motive
being shown, there must still be
evidence of the fact of death by
poisoning established to a moral
certainty, and oonceding that there
was sufficient proof upon which the
jury could deduce a motive in this
case, still, as we have endeavored to
point out, the evidence was otherwise
insufficient to prove the corpus
delicti; it was entirely insufficient
to warrant the jury io finding to a
moral centainry that deceased died
of poison administered by the defend
ant. Motive, while a potent factor in
the sum of evidenoe proving guilt, is
not in itself sutHcient to sustain a
conviction in the absence ot other
proof teudiug clearly to show crimi
nal agency on the part of defendant
causing death.
The same may be said ot what is
denominated by the prosecution evi
dence ot the flight of the defendant.
No doubt b'-.t that the jury had the
right to consider this evidenoe, and
its potency was for their determina
tion. T^at evidence, however, simply
amounted to this, that a month after
Mrs. Staples' death defendant took
up his residence in the Halt house in
San Francisco with Mrs lloxie; that
be had his office for the practice of
his profession there, and his pro
fessional sign prominently displayed;
that on October 2*2, 1905, Mrs lioxie,
being fearful that bur husband had
discovered her whereabouts, and fear
ing injury from him, she prevailed
on defendant to taKe her away from
San4'rancisco; that they left hurried
ly in the night time, and went to
Eusenda, Lower California, where
defendant engaged again in the prac
tice of bis profession under his own
name and professional sign; that he
remained in Knsenda about two
months, and then, in company with
Mrs Hoxie, went baok into the coun
try about thirty miles to the ranch of
a man named blackwell, where they
were arrested. The evidence shows
the defendant during all these times
kept his true name, did business
under it, made no effort, as far as
these matters are concerned, to hide
his identity, and there was no evi
dence to show that he ever knew that
any suspicion existed as to the cause
of his wife's death, or that any
autopsy upon her remains had been
held.
We think we have mentioned every
claim of the prosecution and dis
cussed all the important evidence
addressed to each, and our conclusion
from a consideration of the whole case
is that the evidence as we have recited
it did not warrant the jury in the
verdict against the defendant, and
for that reason the judgment and
order denying a new trial must be
reversed.
Aside from the contention that the
evidence was insufficient to warrant
the verdict of the jury, it is insisted
by the defendant that the court com
mitted error in its rulings relative to
the admission of evidence, in deny
ing challenges to the jury interposed
by defendant; and in its refusal to
give certain instructions. We think
there was no error as \o the rulings
concerning challenges to the jurors
and as to the particular rulings re
lative to the testimony of certain
witnesses, we do not think they dis
close any error.
The court admitted, under- the
claim of motive, evidence of the
destruction of rented premises oc
cupied by the defendant in El Dorado
in 1902. This evidence was. admitted
on the theory that it supplied an
additional motive for the murder by
defendant of his wife, because she
knew that his destruction of these
premises was incendiary, and might
have prosecuted him for iirsoii. In.
our judgment all this evidence was
inadmissible. In this regard it is
sufficient to say that when this
alleged arson was committed the
wife of defendant was not in El
Dorado, knew nothing about the tire,
and that the evidence introduced to
show aison on the part of defendant
wholly tailed to prove it. We do not
perceive that the court erred in
refusing to give the instructions
tenderd by defendant. They were all
substantially given in the charge of
the court.
The jugdment and order denying a
new trial are reversed, and the cause
remanded that a new trial may be
had. Lorigan, J.
We concur : llenshaw, J. ; Augelotti,
J.; Shaw, J.; Hall, J.; Sloss, J,
Note,— Justice MoKarland being
unable to aut, Justioe Hall, one of
the justices ot the district court of
appeal for the first appellate district,
participates herein pro tern pore,
pursuant to seotiou 4, article VI. of
the constitution.
I A XT' 1-^1 IIC Take them in the house.
I l\ \7Af^C I*l I I C Jake one when you feel bil-
liY VI J if l^iousordizzy. They act di-
I * * rectly ontheliver.^,lf.^°;;|
Want your moustache or beard R II P B^ IN Rl4 A M'Q nYC
brown orrichblack? Use RrVcxVo^LlUol l^!!!^., M}±
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION^
If A Made From SELECTED WHEAT
5* Blended According to Our Own Formula
H Produclna Perfect Results and
*1 f read t Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
I |>veet to the Palate's Touch and
' M Snowy White
• -— — -PIONEER FLOUR MILLS, SACRAMENTO •
•••••••••••••••••••••••••■•••••••••a**,,,, t,,,,,,,,,^
• HOETH MAIN STEEET }&i. JACESON, CAL. •
j CITY MEAT MARKET, j
* 6EO. L. THOMAS & CO. . *
• Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, Hams, •
• Corned Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc g
• At lowest market prices. - - - Orders promptly delivered. •
•••••••• •••«••••••••»••«»•«.. ### , «*,••••••»••»s
C ' M L v^« l iF~ e .M den , t '?Ql USE LUMBERMAN'S CODE AND TELECODE
H. CTC T R a e rv&Treas. : L ° NS AND LAR6E /.TIMBERS A SPECIALTY
504 Merchant's Exchange j^SHjl^, • SJS- --■
.I-:"- ': ■ 'F^s^'~~^?**sjmL Lumber Phone 59
Telephone . firslPpwfl B re On Pine.
Private Exchange 279 l^^nff&^Xir Cedar and
•*■*** mJ^Tfit?Mf Redwood
Lumber
(lncorporatcd : Rough or Worked .
WE GIVE SPECIAL ATTENTION TO THE MINER'S REQUIREMENTS IN
MINING LUMBER AND TIMBER. Delivered to any destination desired.
IOVERLMD1 OVERLMD IiMITEDj
|p Strictly first-class throughout, observation, dining and pH
N sleeping cars, mm
N I— •/yLwli^ LJIXI ill/\ ■
ii ;iSr*A *- L yAl LJlvl iLJLJ \. ■
H Ogden, Salt Lake City, Denver, Omaha, Chicago, I
II Topeka, Kansas City, St. Louis and other points ■
HI further East. H
gj Via the Southdrn Pacific and connections, thus Q
m| Connecting at Chicago with the 18-hour trains to il
■ New York City. • ■
H Convenient, Quick, Comfortable. I
I ' SOUTHERN PACIFIC. • 1
1 SOUTHERN PACIFIC. 1
§1 JOHN C. STONE,. D. P. A., Sacramento. H
! Globe Hotel ii
; ! "sgr ; '
; | NEW MANAGEMENT. [
! ; MRS. ANNIE HURST ...Prop'r ! 1
' > It
if • ii
| Board and Lodging ;
i i
,', AT REASONABLE RATES. " ■. . . ]
A <
< i |
i '• Sample Rooms for Commer- ! ',
1 > - clal Travelers. . !
< | All Stages stop at this hotel. <
♦ JACKSON CAL. i
] my 6 J
:: ■ NEW . - :
I National* Hotel
I 1
i Jackson, Amador county, Cal.
: l ;
I F. A. VOORHEIS, Proprietor!
I ■ t ,- ;
, i ■; ■ ■;:
|| Stage Office for all Points J
i
n Lighted by electricity throughout ' \
I ! Commodious Sample Rooms for 
ii Commercial Travelers. aulB
/ VANDERPOOL \
I 1I 1 HARNESS MAKER I
if Plymouth, Cal. W
> i ;
l\ ■ Can Make or Repair your /I
Ji-\ HARMPQ? in an up-to-date work- M
(M " rV " nC ' 3>:5 manlike manner. B|\
\j|§ He carries all kind of Harness and ml
m supplies in the line. Also, l|
■ Buggies, Carriages & Carts I
\ Carriage Trimming a speoialty. ja22 J
y~-± _ Z . f
ANDREW PICCARDO
Freighter and Teamster
Jackson Gate Road.
Freight hauled from Martell depot
and other points at lowest rates.
All parties wanting freight "from
Martell delivered promptly should
have the same addrossed in care of
A. Piccardo, and send bills of lading
care Peter Piccardo, Water St.
1 sel 1
FONTENROSE & FONTENROSE
General Insurance Agents
. .AND. .
SEARCHERS OF RECORDS.
Fire, Life and Accidental Policies written in
the best of Local, Eastern and Foreign Com-
panies. : .Trf,*
Title Searching and Abstracting a specialty.
General Conveyancing and Notarial work.
Court Commissioner of the Superior Court of
Amador county.
Office in Marelia Building,
nol7 COURT STREET, JACKSON.
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street. Jackson
Dealer in
mmm watches, clocks miry*
' AND SILVERWARE
*» All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watches, Clocks and jewelry a
specialty.
Fine Sample Commercial
Rooms. . „ Travelers House
Amador Hotel
— S. J. Pkarce, Proprietor—
AMADOR CITY .... CALIFORNIA
<• W *
The most excellently appointed hostelry
in Amador County,
—HOT AND COLD BATHS -
A bar in connection supplied with the
choicest Wines, Liquors and Cigars.
112 RATES REASONABLE.
L. OETTINGER S. W. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Slitter Creek, Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
and complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
i-on, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc., which we will
sell at the LOWEST CASH PRICES
1 PROCURED AND DEFENDED. Sl ■>"' '"'-1.-1. ■
■ drawing orphoto. for expert tit-arch and fret' report. ■
■ Five advice, how to obtain patents, trade marks, ■
■ copyrights, etc., IN ALL COUNTRIES. H
■ Business direct wilt Washington saves time,
■ money and often the patent. M
Q Patent and Infringement Practice Exclusively. I
H Write or come to us at M
■ 613 Ninth Street, opp. United lUttt Patent Offlc«,B
B WASHINGTON, D. C. I
Ledger's Clubbing Rates
Ledger and Dally Call, one year.s 9 00
Ledger and Weekly Call one year 3 20
Ledger and Daily Chronicle, one
y ear ..:■-•. 9 00-
Ledger and Weekly Chronicle,' •T£ ? K>
one year _ V:. 3 0
Ledger and Weekly Chicago In-
ter-Ocean 2 50
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Maga-
. zinc, ono year ■..-;; 2 75
Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
year.including free pattern... . 250
The above Rates are Strictly In
Advance.
**•••■•*••••••••••••••••••
• . 0
• GO TO THE •
in II !
: siß HSk bread •
I A. DAL PORTO I CO. ÜBS. 1
• We also keep a large stock of Staple •
J and Fancy ■ •
: GROCERIES :
• Our Specialty-Fresh iv 2
• ' except Sun •
•••••••»••••••••••••«••••?
!»♦♦♦• •••♦♦»♦«»»♦♦
G.W.WELLER!
{ \:
', —DEALER IN — ! :
i Stoves j I
; Tinware -\'
I Hardware !:.
! I Crockery | ;
♦Cutlery ]
;| Window Glass !
:; Paints ; ;
I ; Oils. etc. « ;
! ! ->n<. ■ '• '•
: ! Tinning and Plumbing ; ;
| -***■ %
;; Alain Street •
r JACKSON . .... CAL. I
■ 1 j my 19 2
♦•♦•*•»•»♦»♦•♦•••»♦♦»■♦♦♦ »%
FORD & GOFER
i PRACTICAL HORSESHOERS
<$l MAIH STBEET, JACKSOB fe.
% HEAB RATIONAL HOTEL f~
Particular attention paid to ' Interfering
Stumbling, Over-reaching. Cross-Firing, Quac ;
ter Cracks, and all Imperfections of the Foot.
Buggy and Carriage Work Prompt-
ly Done.
Agents for Rubber Tire Buggies, also Cart
and other .Vehicles, sold at Lowest City
Prices. See us before ordering elsewhere.
AIL WORK GUABANTEED.
CHARGES REASONABLE
i an '-" TELEPHONE 401.
5 DAILY STAGE LINE \
• BETWEEN < »
• JACKSON and ELDORADO •
J. Steiner. Proprietor.
5 Leaves Jackson every morning at 7:30 J
0 a.m.: arrives at Plymoutb 10:30 a.m. •
• Leaves Plymouth at Ip.m.; urrives at •
J El Dorado sp. m.
2 Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a.m.; arrives !
• at Plymouth 11 a. m. Leaves Plymouth •
• at 2p. m ; arrives in Jackson at 5 p.m. •
J Offices— Jackspn. National Hotel; Sut- !•
— ter Creek, American Exchange; Ama- J
Z dor City, Amador Hotel; Dry town, Ex- J
J change; Plymouth, Forest House.
• Prompt delivery of packages. •
• This line connects with passenger •
• trains to and from Placerville.
2 THROUGH FARE - - - - 52.50 *
• Fifty pounds of baggage free. •
••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
If You Want
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Malt
SACRAMENTO
• CALIFORNIA. my 29
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Imported and Domestic
!Wines*Liquors*Cigars
JACKSON CAL.
pwISTRIBDTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
! \J tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon. White Seat
i and Private Cuvee Champagne: Morgan Bros.,
| Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries: Royal Wine
; Company, Oporto, Port Wines: Dubos Freres,
1 Bordeaux. Clarets and Sauternes ; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ited, Walkerville. Ontario, Canada: John <le
Kuvper&Zcon, Cotterdam, Gin; GilkaKuem-
mel, from J. A, Gilka, Berlin; Barthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester, N. V,, Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness'
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros
London) ; Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast Ginger
Ale; Naglee Brandy; Reimoorted American
WhiskiesTHE OLDEST PAPER
Has largest circulation
Best advertising medium
It pays the Business Man to
Advertise in the Ledger,
Magazine Section.
BRIDE AT SHIP'S HELM.
MRS. G. W. ROBINSON ASSISTS
HER HUSBAND IN DARING
OCEAN RACE.
Twenty-Eight Foot Yacht Braves
Dangers of Gulf Stream and Treach
erous Waves Off Cape Hatteras—
Winner Received $500 Lipton Cup-
After a daring ocean race of 650
miles, the sloop Gauntlet, with Mrs.
Thora Lund Robinson at the wheel,
finished second in the contest for
which Sir Thomas Lipton offered a
$500 cup. The course of the race ex
tended from Gravesend Bay, New York
Harbor, to Bermuda. Mrs. Robinson
is the two months' bride of George W.
Robinson, the owner of the boat. It
was a daring race for each of the three
email yachts that competed, but more
so for the Gauntlet, because she was
the smallest of them all, being only 28
feet long from bow to stern. The yawl
Tamerlane, which won the cup, was 40
feet long and the yawl Lila, 39 feet
All of the craft belong to the Brooklyn
Yacht Club. For eight days these tiny
boats were at the mercy of wind and
■wave, so much so that the yawl Lila
was compelled to put into Norfolk har
bor to save itself from destruction,
while the smaller yacht bravely stuck
to its task. They had to cross the gulf
stream 150 miles off Hatteras, one of
the stormiest spots on the Atlantic.
Experienced yachtsmen were much
surprised that the little Gauntlet was
not wrecked or foundered somewhere
on the way.
BUT TWENTY YEARS OL-j.
Mrs. Robinson is only 20 years old
but ever since childhood she has been
used to -boating and swimming. For
several seasons she has sailed an eigh
teen-foot knockabout, making her sum
mer headquarters near Amboy, on the
lower New York bay. Though small,
she Is athletic and skilled In handling
a craft and is said to be without fear
on the water. Storm or sunshine is
all the same to her.
"One of the conditions of our mar
riage on April 17th," said Mrs. Robin
son before starting in the race, "was
that I should go in this contest. George
tried to dissuade me a few days after
we were married, but I made him keep
his promise. Although I am rated as
the chief mate and bottle washer, If
you will, of the Gauntlet, I have an
Idea that I may superintend things be
fore I get through.
"Yachting is not new to me. I sail
ed a knockabout for years in the lower
bay. I learned to swim because I was
capsized so many times that I had to
learn.
"Mr. Robinson and myself are to
stand watch together, while J. L. Dun
lap and H. Higgins, the remainder of
the Corinthian crew, will alternate In
keeping watch. Steer? Why you don't
suppose I'm going to be a passenger?
I can, and am going to, do everything
that a good navigator must do."
STUMPED PROFESSIONAL SALTS.
Professional sailors stood aghast at
the courage of the Corinthian tars In
undertaking such a perilous voyage.
Disaster was predicted from the first.
The yawl Lila lost her mainmast
shortly after the start outside Sandy
Hook, and had to put back for a new
spar, which was immediately prepared
to permit her to restart the following
Tuesday. The Tamerlane's navigator
seeing the Lila's plight, decided that it
would be an unfair advantage to con
tinue In the race, and she, too, put
back. The people of the littl . Gauntlet
did not see the accident to the Lila, it
is supposed, for the sloop kept right on
in her sea-smashing trip to Bermuda.
The three yachts that contemplate*
the trip lay at anchor off the Brooklyn
dock all morning, with their owners
and crew busily at work preparing
them for their severe test. On board
the little Gau. tlet, Mrs Thora Land
Robinson was as busy as the rest Mak
ing things shipshape about the feaat.
Until the day before the race no one
took seriously her statement that she
The Amador Ledger.
proposed to accompany the yacht, and
it was with consternation that the re
gatta committee learned that she
meant to go. Refusal to permit her to
start, threatened to disqualify the
boat and all appeals were in vain. At
last the committee yielded and permit
ted her to start
The Tamerlane finished the course
at Hamilton, Bermuda, at 3 o'clock,
June 3rd, while the Gauntlet did not
arrive until 24 hours later. The result
was in doubt until the finish of this
tiny boat, as the Tamerlane had to al
low it 16 hours and 10 minutes owing
to the difference in their length.
Thomas Jefferson's Bible.
The Jefferson Bible, with its beauti
ful red Morocco binding, made no little
trouble in the House while it was a
single forgotten volume reposing under
lock and key at the Smithsonian Insti
tution. Now that it has been photo
graphed and reproduced in numerous
copies, the little volume has multiplied
care for the Senate. Hardly a man of
the ninety but has had thousands of
requests for the book, and more are
coming in by every mail. •
It seems that some enterprising busi
ness man advertised the Jefferson
Bible prominent^ in a well-known
magazine. He announced that it could
be bad for nothing if one would write
to one's Senator or Member of Con
gress, concluding his advertisement
with the further statement that he had
pone to considerable expense in having
the advertisement printed, and hoped
readers would turn to his business an
nouncement on another page.
So it Is that requests are rolling in
upon Senators especially, for the pub
lic seems to have taken the idea that
they are more legitimate prey than
gentlemen at the other end of the
Capitol. Each Senator's quota is but
thirty copies, and the only good way
out of the dilemma appears to be to
print more, just as Congress has dono
with the horse book and other popu
lar Government publications. Better
send for one before the second reprint
is all distributed.
Who For Next President f
Prom American Spectator.
At considerable expense American
Spectator has obtained opinions and
expressions of the same from all of
the prominent candidates for Presi
dential nomination. These are all un
genuine, having come to us over our
own private line, the least longest
wire in the world. The pithy, epi
grammatic summing up will, of course,
be thoroughly appreciated. The fol
lowing terse expressions are in an
swer to our query, "Will you be a
candidate?"
Taft — My candidacy is a weighty
problem, and there is a heavy respon
sibility attached.
Cannon — I will if I do.
Bryan — The third Is the lucky trial.
I shall not get out of communication
with my friends.
Shaw — I have always universally
considered myself a strong candidate.
Hobson — Of course, it Is an office of
limited responsibilities — but —
Fairbanks — You'll really have to ask
Mrs. F.
Funston — Am too busy to think of
it, but they do say I was born in
Ohio.
Foraker — I may have to do it just
to get that Roosevelt fellow out.
Roosevelt — Didn't I say all along
that there would be no third ten.
for me. After what's happened I sup
pose you'll believe it now.
Hearst — I have enough capital to
command labor.
Root .
Heaven On Earth,
Be such a man, live such a life, that
if every man were such a man as you
and every life a life like yours this
earth would be God's Paradise. — Phil
lips Brooks.
Honduras has a debt of about one
hundred million dollars or about $1,300
a head.
There are three hundred million
British subjects in Asia.
JACKSON, AMADOR COUNTY, CAL., JULY 20, 1906.
RUSS BANQUETS JAP.
BARON ROSEN ENTERTAINS THE
FIRST JAPANESE AMBASSA
DOR TO AMERICA,
Cordial Diplomatic Relations Estab
lished Following Bloodllest War in
Modern History— Count Aoki the
Guest of Honor*
That social ceremonies follow peace
conferences was demonstrated the
other evening, at Washington, when
the Russian Ambassador and Baroness
Rosen gave a dinner to the Japanese
Ambassador and Viscountess Aoki.
While the historic Portsmouth Peace
Conference was concluded many
months ago, and, politically, Japan and
Russia then resumed diplomatic rela
tions so abruptly terminated at the
commencement of the Russo-Japanese
war, this function marks the resump
tion of social intercourse between the
representatives of these great nations.
Although Viscount Aoki only ar
rived in Washington a few weeks ago,
considerable interest has since been
manifested in the personal relationship
BARON ROSEN.
that would exist between the repre
sentatives of conqueror and van
quished.
The high art of diplomacy, that so
well masks the innermost thoughts of
those who rise to the heights of an
ambassador, doubtless viewed the so
cial intercourse between Baron Rosen
and Viscount Aoki as most natural.
But to the uninitiated the part of the
host taken by one — Baron Rosen —
who acted as Russia's peace envoy,
lent peculiar glamour to the occasion.
The treaty of peace between Japan
and Russia marked the close of one of
the bloodiest wars of history. The
dinner given by Baron Rosen in'
honor of the representative of the
victorious Japan goes farther, In that
it takes up social intercourse upon a
plane exactly as though war bad never
been waged.
Those who were present at this
most interesting social function were
the Minister from the Netherlands and
Mme. van Swlnderen, the Counselor of
the Japanese Embassy and Mme.
Miyoka, Count and Countess Secken
dorff, Baroness Elizabeth Rosen, the
charge d'affairs of Spain, Senor Don
Luis Pastor; Baron Schlippenbach, and
Prince Koudacheff, of the Russian
Embassy.
THE JUNGLE.
Mr. Sinclair's Story of the Awful
Methods of the Beef Packers.
No more powerful or terrible book
has been written in recent years than
"The Jungle," by Upton Sinclair. It
seems incredible that such depth of
human misery as the author relates
could be permitted even by the most
callous money maker or the most
soulless corporation; or, on the other
hand, that such vileness and filth in
the preparation of human food could
be permitted; yet most of Mr. Sin
clair's statements are from personal
knowledge and observation, visiting
the great packing plants, as he did
mostly in disguise. Moreover, his
statements have been abundantly cor
roborated by President Roosevelt's
special commission, whose confidential
report, containing descriptions of deg
radation, filth and food pollution, is
too vile to print in a newspaper.
The hero of The Jungle is Jurgis, a
great, broad-shouldered Lithuanian,
who gloried in work, for the mere sake
of it, even if he had had no incentive.
In the far forests of Lithuania, where
he and his father had lived all their
lives, children of nature, Jurgis had
heard of free America, and that as
much as $10. a week was to be earned
by a willing laboring man, in the great
city of Chicago. And after many argu
ments and much discussion, he had
prevailed upon his father, and Ona the
sweet blithsome lass to whom he was
betrothed, and her mother and several
children and relatives, to emigrate to
splendid America, where a man may
not always remain a peasant, but
where he has a chance to imnrove him
self and rise in the world. Ten dollars
a week was an unheard of fortune.
The peasants of Europe make a few
cents a day.
So they all went to Packingtown, and
the first day that Jurgis stood in line,
being altogether the finest specimen
of a man in the yards, he was beckon
ed to by the boss and given a job. He
went home jubilant. Two other mem
bers of the family, one a great strap
ping woman, also got jobs at once.
Jurgis laughed at the discontent every
where manifest. "They are not men,"
he exclaimed. What of the "speeding
up" practice of the packers? It was
but play to him to keep abreast of the
fastest He was working to wed Ona.
They were all cheated shamelessly
by the sharks which infest the great
packing district; they could not speak
English and they were at the mercy of
these parasites. But as new obliga
tions arose in the buying of a small,
worthless house, sold them, by an
unscrupulous agent, etc., etc., Jurgis
but smiled grimly, confident in his
strength, energy and great love for
Ona. "I will work the harder" he says.
And then came a misfortune. Ona, a
mere bloom of a girl of 17, had to go
to work — temporarily. Then a young
er child. Then Jurgis had a fateful
day, after many months of faithful and
herculean service for the great corpora
tion. In the melee of a wounded
steer running amuck, he slipped on the
bloody floor and sprained his ankle.
Did the packers give him a short fur
lough with pay while he was recover
ing; at least they held his place for
him? Neither. He returned to work,
not very strong looking through pain
COUNT AOKI.
and worry, the boss sized him up at a
glance and there was no work for him
in Packingtown, and Ona, whom he had
married meantime was about to be
come a mother.
Then is recited in The Jungle, a tale
of gradual and heart-rending downfall
in the wearing out by inches, of a
strong man. Jurgis gets a job in the
terrible fertilizer vaults where his head
nearly splits with the poisonous dust
and the stifling fumes of ammonia.
His father dies from the effects of the
awful "speeding up" and the Blimy
wet In which he has to work, ankle
deep. Ona, the beautiful, the once
blithe young bride succumbs to the
hateful "System" and Jurgis. powerful
man that he is, his strong spirit broken
by the brutality and irrislstible power
of the bosses, becomes a great gaunt,
hollow eyed ghost of his former self.
The story is a tale of the gradual
extermination of a splendid, virile
European family, ground to death by
a "System," by a pitiless monopoly,
which cares no more or not as much —
for its workers than it does for the
carcasses of the animals it converts in
to food. Incidentally the description
of this process is sufficiently revolting
to turn the stomach, of the stoutest
beefeater.
Oh! could Jurgis, and Ona, and the
rest of them, with their frugality and
their brawn, and their love of life and
work, and joy of a home, have gone
into some rural district to work out
their salvation, what a different story
would have been The Jungle. Some
other name for the book would have
been necessary. What if they could
have gotten a dozen acres, or five acres
of good land somewhere and bought it
for what they Squandered uselessly for
their house in Packingtown — they were
turned out and the house resold the
first month they failed of payment —
what a different history woud have
been told by the author!
What If the great packing trust, in
stead of killing men and women, should
provide that its employes could live on
an acre of ground each, or a half acre,
out on the great fertile prairies of
Illinois, quickly reached from the stock
yards by a modern trolley, so that when
they were of necessity, perhaps, "laid
off" for a period of a week, or six
weeks, or on "half time" they would
have a piece of rich land which they
could till and raise enough potatoes and
corn and beans and cabbage to keep
them from starving to death. But the
packing trust— Mr. Ogden Armour and
other millionaires and multi-million
aires — would make less money; it
would decrease its dividends perhaps
several per cent., and that is not to be
thought of. By getting the best out of
a man, all there is in him in a few
short years, this unnamable Thing can
turn him out and get new blood. It
is evidently most profitable to "speed a
man up" to the wrecking point and
then get new men. This process of
trafficking in human life, coupled with
the abominable and poisonous adultera
tions and use of diseased animals
which Mr. Sinclair describes at first
hand, enables Mr. Armour and the
others to make very satisfactory per
centages of profit — to pile up millions
of dividends a year.
l lt Is all a very great story, Thf
J Jtinot.e if not a beautiful one, and well
w worth the reading, . simtily that the
r reader may learn something about the
s stuff we eat, and at what cost of suf
ffering it is produced.
BACK TO NAPOLL
STORY OF A FRAGMENT OF REAL
LIFE AS PORTRAYED IN A
NEW STAGE PLAY.
Sho wingth c Operations of the Immi
graiion Law as It Affects Those
who Attempt to Enter the Ameri
can Portals.
An hour at Ellis island in New York
harbor, is full of smiles and tears.
The newly arrived immigrant, before
he has changed his native garb, with
his outlandish boxes and bundles still
about him, is eternally interesting.
His meetings and partings are full of
a childish exuberance and abandon.
He is never so picturesque or so
pathetic as when he has just doubt
fully intrusted himself to the great
machinery of a new land and law.
He hasn't been much on the stage —
this immigrant — but a fragment of his
life finds its way there In a one-act
play called "The Land of the Free,"
by W. C. De Mille, which was seen re
cently at a Vassar Aid Society mati
nee. It is described by the Times as
a simple little story, one that happens
day after day.
In a room of the big immigration
building, with its desk and its blue
coated official, an Italian workman
walks excitedly up and down. His
clothes are cheap and poor, but they
are plainly not his working garb, and
a bright holiday handkerchief is knot
ted about his throat. His eyes are
keen and expectant. Evidently it is
0 great day for him. It needs little
encouragement from the good-natured
officer to bring out the whole story.
A big Mediterranean steamer is just
landing its steerage passengers. Luigi,
as he peers through the gates at the
incoming crowd, is almost beside him
self with delight.
"I waita three year," he explains,
breathlessly. "I worka verra hard and
1 sava de money to bring to me my
Maria and my two little ones."
He can hardly wait for the gate to
be opened. But the officer has more
to find out His questioning brings out
further details. Luigi earns $9 a week
— with his pick and shovel. The wife
is not strong. She speaks a little Eng
lish. The officer looks doubtful, bat
says nothing.
Then all at once the boat is In.
The Italian catches a sight of them
through the gates.
"Na, na, Signore, she cornea last
She getta lame back and two baby.
Ah — Dio! Maybe she missa da boat —
Ah! Vedete Maria mia Ecco— Vedete
eeco — Ah mia moglie — ecco!"
In another Instant the frail little
wife, in her Neapolitan costume, ami
the two children, with their bags and
bundles, are all in their father's arms,
while the officer goes off to make his
report
With her head on her husband's
shoulder, Maria breathes in Italian:
"Ah, my husband! I see you again,
thank God!"
To which the Americanized Luigi re
sponds:
"Si, si, carrissima, but now talka
English. We all good Americans and
we live In Mulberry street I gotta da
little room for my Maria an' Fabio an"
Tessa."
Maria marvels at Luigl's great sal
ary — 45 lire — until Luigi is forced to
explain:
"Yes, yes; In Neapoll it is 45 lire,
but in New York it is only $9, not so 1
muche."
Then in quick, excited phrase he
draws roseate pictures of a future in
which peanut stands and prosperity
walk hand in hand.
Presently the officer returns. He
draws Luigi aside. His face is kind,
but his words are terrible. It appears
that the little wife does not come up to
the requirements. She is not healthy.
She has no money, and Luigi has only
that $9 a week. It is not enough to
support a family. The wife must go
back to Naples. It is hard to make
Luigi understand. Maria, hearing
nothing, plays happily with the cliil
IflpMTlKbiKfl H^>M*~^liO^fl9 Hfc i '■■ J -"/ffll
THIS MAGNIFICENT COTTAGE DINNER SET FREE.
Forty-two pieces of American China (semi-porcelain) given FREE for a small club of sub-
scriptions. Six dinner plates, 6 pie plates, 6 cups and saucers, 6 fruits, 6 butters, a sugar bowl with
lid, a cream pitcher, a steak plate, a vegetable dish and an olive dish, all of the best ware, decorated
in five colors and gold. This Is not a cheap "premium" set, but just such ware as you would buy
at a first-class store. Freight paid to any point east of Denver.
THE OFFER Send 12 new yearly subscriptions to The Housekeeper at 60 cent«
each and receive the Cottage Dinner Set, freight paid, as a reward for
/ your trouble.
Sample Copies and Agents' Supplies sent on application FREE. Hundreds of
ladies who have received one set are working for the second.
OUR (IRE AT Fltt out and mail thi> coupon to-day. Do not delay.
"GET ACQUAINTED" the housekeeper corporation. \ coupon
COUPON OFFER Minneapolis, Minn. No* 3.
Please enter my subscription to The Housekeeper, After
Tit a nnnuirunA* receiving three copies I will send you 60 cents for the year's sub-
mntaln. ..rial ™!ltwt scription If I think the magazine worth the price. If Ido not think
stories ver^T illustrated it worth the price I will write "J"" J " to stop sending it. You arethea
articfe S s Ja iSSSSt to make "° char * c for the <=<"> ant me - -
and the best and most help-
ful household departments ... «
ever put together. Let ut Name ••
get acquainted. We will
bear the expense of the In-
troduction if you will cut Address... .....•.•.•••••••••■
out and mall Coupon No. 2. I ___— __^____^^^__ __ — —^— — —^^^™——.«™
THE HOUSEKEEPER CORPORATION, mimneSl&iS mm
JOB PRINTING, CITY RATES
You can get your Billheads
Letter Heads, etc. printed at
the Ledger for less than you
can buy blank stock for else
where.
Envelops, per 1000 - - $3.00
Posters, 1-4 sheet, 50 for - 1.50
" Half sheets " - 2.00
dren. The poor husband is stunned.
"Napoll! She go back to Napoli!
No, no. Ah, Dio Mio! Yon don* under
stand," he goes on, wistfully. "I
work three year an' sava da money to
bring her to me. Your boss he can
nota send her back — we live all right
on nine dollar week. I take her away.
You leta me go — eh?"
. "It's hard on you," says the officer,
"but it's the law."
Luigi scorns the notion.
"Law? You taka my wife away;
you aenda my littlea boy and girl back
to Napoli, an' you say it is da law.
Na, na. America is a free country.
I pay for her to cornea to me. I don't
steal, so whata de law got to say?"
But threats, tears, reasonings are
all in vain. Luigi at last stealthily
offers the blue-coated official $7, hls_
all, wrapped up in a handkerchief, as
a bribe. The officer frowns and says
firmly:
"I cannot I didn't make the law.
I can't help you. We have to do this
every day."
"Every day?" Luigi's eyes grow
wide with pain. "You doa this every
day? Ah, Dio! Every day you breaka
da heart!"
Then he goes to Maria, lakes her In
his arms, and explains brokenly what
It all means.
"They will not leta you stay — Maria
mia — we have waited long — we musta
stilla wait"
In the face of her tearful dismay he
even tries to be cheerful.
"Say, looka here," he cries; "you goa
back to Napoli now, an' bimebye I
getta da more money. I make may
be twelve — fifteen dollar wees. Then
I senda for you an' Fabio an' Tessa,
an' thej letta you stay."
But Maria is overcome.
"Back to Napoli? Alone?" she sobs.
A sudden thought comes to Luigi.
"No, no; not alone. I goa too. If
they senda you, I goa too."
He rushes over to the officer with
his poor seven silver dollars, only to be
met with the cruel truth, "Not half
enough for your ticket."
Meanwhile the boat is returning.
The officer lays his hand kindly on
Maria's shoulder. The children look
wonderingly on. Painfully the little
trio pick up their bundles and turn
back to the great gates. Luigi em
braces them between his sobs.
"Don'ta cry, carrissima; don'ta cry —
I soon make twelve, fifteen dollar
week and buya da peanut stand, an'
I keep da little home. Then you come
again to stay. Don'ta cry — you goa to
the Mader in Napoli. Ah, Dio! We
have waita three year an' I must senda
you back. Maybe next year I send for
you again."
As they pass out of his sight his
voice fails him and he falls sobbing
against the gate.
The author is said to have got his
idea for the piece from a newspaper
paragraph read at the breakfast table
describing in three lines a case of the
sort
Robert Paton Gibbs, who played
Luigi, studied his type with the help
of a Neapolitan who has been long
enough away from home to know the
salient characteristics of his own
people. The extra wome< who fit so
well into the picture are caretakers of
the Hudson theater.
"We used to rehearse the piece every
now and then down in the coal cellar,"
explained Mr. Gibbs, "and these two
women used to come and weep over
it"
Lire Healthily.
Horace Smith.
The English Poet. Born 1779. Died
1849.
Ye who would have your features florid.
Lithe limbs, bright eyes, unwrlnkled fore
head,
From age's devastation horrid,
Adopt this plan —
'Twill make, in climate cold or torrid,
A hale old man Cor woman).
Avoid In youth, luxurious diet;
Restrain the passions lawless riot;
Devoted to domestic quiet,
Be wisely gay;
So shall ye, spite of age's flat.
Resist decay.
Seek not in Mammon's worship pleasure
But find your richest, dearest treasure
In God, His word, His work, not leisurei. OUR HOME TOWN. W?f^Wk
j§g*uwYc3l§ A Department Devoted to Village W^^NM'tijS^
: RICHARD HAMILTON ' BYRD 'M^jjlitlf'»w^
" My ideal of civilization is a very high one ; but the approach to it is
a New England town of some two thousand inhabitants, with no rich
man and no poor man in it, all mingling in the same society, every child
at the tame school, no poorhonse, no beggar, opportunities equal, nobody
too-proud to stand aloof, nobody too humble to be shut out. That's New
England as it was fifty years ago. ... The civilization that lingers
beautifully on the hillsides of New England, and nestles sweetly in the
v%lleys of Vermont, the moment it approaches a crowd like Boston, or a
million men gathered in one place like Mew York, rots. It can not stand
the greater centers of modern civilization. "—Wendell Phillips.
It is a well-known fact that the cities are rapidly sapping the strength
of the village communities , and the country towns by destroying local
trade and uudermining the local spirit. The very life of the country
town depends upon the checking of this paralyzing force and the nrotec-
tion of local interests. . i»™»w.
The only way this can be accomplished is by arousing local sentiment
in favor of the improvement of local environment, the beautifying of home
surroundings and the maintenance of LOCAL, BUSINESS by LOCAL
. I?*!*** fnd the £ ditor * ??i t - his * e *nent desires to keep in touch
with the active members of Civic and Local Improvement Associations,
and every one interested in the improvement and the protection of rural
village life.
• What Is being done in yonr town to encourage small industries and
for home employment? What is doing along the line of street improve-
ment and the beautifying of private lawns and public parks? /H
Are your local merchants receiving the support of the local trade
*«.i E 5 I ' er i? lee ' ? lan ? ond suggestions will be welcomed by the editor of
this department and so far as possible given place in these columns.
MAIL ORDER BUSINESS.
ENORMOUS STRUCTURES TO BE
ERECTED BY MONTGOMERY
WARD AND COMPANY AND
OTHERS. .
Suggests Question Whether Giant
Catalogue Houses are Benefit or
Detriment to the Farmer and the
Country Generally.
Chicago is to have the greatest build
ing the world ever constructed for com
mercial purposes. It will have a floor
apace of 50 acres — a good sized farm.
It is to be 10 stories high, including the
basement, and were it to be all
stretched out on one floor it would
cover 13 of the big city blocks in the
windy city. It will be 900 feet in length
and 270 feet wide and will be built of
steel and concrete. The cost will be
$2,500,000. The present building oc
cupied by Mongomery Ward and Com
pany is a huge affair, but is stated to
be entirely inadequate to the needs of
this enormous mail order house, and
so this new pile is to be constructed.
It seems to be the time of big com
merical houses in the great centers of
the country. Another big firm is to
erect a building on Chicago avenue,
which will contain a million square
feet — 200 feet by 800 feet; Sears, Roe
buck and Company is a big Chicago
business rival of the Montgomery Ward
firm, and has just also been incorpor
ated to do business in New York, with
a capitalization of $40,000,000, paying
the State incorporation tax of $20,000.
TO BE PROUD OF.
These are fine projects, and at first
thought may make one proud of Amer
ican business institutions, but what is
the real effect of the success of these
gigantic commerical houses upon the
country's prosperity? How does their
business affect the country merchant,
the country banker, the country town
itself and in fact the country people
who are the patrons of the great mail
order houses. What creates the village,
the town, the thriving city? What
keeps it a live and bustling center ra
ther than a dead congregation of a few
houses with one or two miserable
stores? It is the patronage and sup
port, is it not, of the surrounding coun
try homes. Towns are bui.t up only
when they have support from an agri
cultural territory, if agriculture is the
surrounding industry, which is the
case in nine out of ten instances. But
conversely, the richness of the soil
alone does not make the most valuable
farms.
THE MARKET FOR PRODUCTS.
There must be a good market for the
farm product ; if the farm is adjacent ]
to a live growing town supporting ac
tive and well-to-do-people, the market
for the farmer's products will be ac
tive and the prices good. If the town
be a dead one, he will have to turn
elsewhere to dispose of his products,
and perhaps incur heavy transporta
tion charges in their shipment. This
fact is set forth unmistakably in the
last census figures which show that in
a small area of te United States, the
regions where factories abound, — a dis
trict comprising but little over 10 per
■ cent, of the United States — the value
I of the farm lands is over half that of
all of the arable laud in the entire
country. The farms in these regions
5 are located close to the factories,
which afford a profitable home market
▲ HUGE CHICAGO MAIL-ORDER
STORE TO BE DESERTED
FOR LACK OF ROOM.
tor all the agricultural products. So
Aat the greatest factor in land value
is the nearness to good markets. It
becomes plain, therefore, that the bet
ter the home town can be made, the
more valuable is the farm land tribu
tary to it. In the purely agricultural
sections, the average country town is
located in the center of from 75 to 150
square miles of territory; that is the
town is supported by the trade result
ing from that area of farms. Accord
ing to federal statistics the average
farmer spends $627 a year for supplies
— clothing for his family, household
utensils, food that he does not grow
himself, farm implements, etc.
Now it must be evident that if a plan
were to be followed looking to the
greatest good for the greatest number,
the farms of each agricultural area
surrounding a town should support
that town to their uttermost.
KEEP THE MONEY AT HOME.
Every dollar that the farmer spends
in the town indirectly comes back to
him in the way of benefits. The town
grows, it supports better stores, more
churches, better schools to which he
can send his children, furnishes bet
ter near-at-hand markets for his prod
ucts, and finally increases the very
value of his farm land. As a good il
lustration, the Dry Goods Reporter as
sumes that such an agricultural town
has a population of 1000, its support
coming from the country tributary to
it The life of the town is its retail
trade. If it secures the entire purchas
ing business of the farmers, it must of
necessity grow rapidly. But Mont
gomery Ward and Co., Sears, Roebuck
and Co., and others of the enormous
mail order houses send out their great
four or five pound catalogues describ
ing everything under the sun. Suppose
that instead of spending his $GOO a
year in his home town, each farmer in
the community diverts 50 per cent of
his trade from his town and sends $300
a year to the catalogue houses; it
means that half of the business of the
town is gone. On the basis of one hun
dred or one hundred and fifty square
miles of territory to support the town,
it can be estimated that there are five
hundred farmers in the district Three
hundred dollars a year in trade from
each of the farmers means that one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars
annually is taken from the home town.
GETTING ACQUAINTED WITH MOTHER EARTH.
In the course of ten years, this means
one and one-half million dollars. Aver
aging the profit on this amount at
twenty per cent, it means .vat in ten
years' time three hundred thousand
dollars profits are taken from the town.
Now, on the other hand, should the
farmer, instead of sending away his
money to the foreign place for goods
he requires, give all his trade to the
home town, its business would be im
mediately doubled, and with twice the
employment for the people. Year af
ter year, the profits made by the mer
chants would be retained in the town,
would seek investment in starting new
industries, and at the end of the ten
year period, instead of* a town of one
thousand, there would be a lively city
of from two to three thousand, and
overy acre of farm land within the
trade radius of the town would be en
hanced in value from ten to twenty
dollars.
ENRICHING THE BIG CITIES.
It can be plainly figured out that the
individual farmer who would divert
half his trade to Chicago, New York or
some other foreign city, in the course
of ten years would send away three
thousand dollars. If it were possible
that he could save ten per cent on this
amount, in ten years' time he would
save three hundred dollars. His
compensation would be a dead home
town, poor schools, a poor home mar
ket, and no increase in the value of his
real-estate holdings.
On the other hand, by giving his
patronage to the home town, even
though he must pay the merchant ten
per cent more than the foreign house,
the refilt would be like this: On ac
count of increase in farm values, one
hundred and sixty acres of land worth
ten dollars more per acre, sixteen hun
dred dollars; or, thirteen hundred dol
lars better off in ten years than if he
gave half his patronage to the foreign
concern. His home town is a lively
one. all public improvements, all mod
ern conveniences, high schools, to
which he could send his children
cheaply, good churches, good roads,
and everything that can add to thecon>
fort and happiness of Its residents,
and those who reside near it. Not
withstanding, that the farmers' land is
enhanced in value, his taxation will be
but little greater, as the business inter
ests of the town will pay the burden
of taxation, and the amount of each
tax-payer will be less in proportion to
carry on government.
IS THE SAVING A REAL ONE?
While the country household, in
looking over one of the big catalogues
and sending an order for $50 worth of
goods, may be able to figure out an
immediate saving of five or six dollars,
even after they have paid the freight,
there is no question as to the final out
come, if the practice is persisted in by
all the people of any particular local
ity. The home town will suffer, the
home market will fail to increase, if
it does not decrease, as will also the
value of the farm lands. Undoubtedly
the catalogue houses can sell goods
cheaper than the average country
store, for they do a cash business, —
you send on your cash with, yorr
order. There is no risk in the cata
logue or mail order house business.
Possibly if you arranged to do business
on the same basis with your country
merchant — cash down with your pur
chase — you could get almost as favor
able prices. But the country merchant
is supposed to extend credit to every
one; he has bad bills which L? never
collects and consequently must make
a greater percentage of profit on the
things he sells.
Every community which is imbued
with the spirit of building up its own
industries and of supporting its home
town with local pride, is sure to be the
most prosperous ; there can be no gain
saying this fact.
THE HOME GARDEN.
The Story of the Bny and His Little
Plot of Ground
At the age of five every boy is by
instinct a gardener. If guided by op
portunity, example and intelligent di
rection he will dig, plant and develop
an interest in growing things; lacking
these the call of mother nature leads
to mud pies. Given a square yard of
mellow ground, a tiny hoe and a hand
ful of beans, a healthy five year-old
boy will have a combination that ex
cels anything yet designed in "nature
study."
From five to ten the world begins to
dawn. He looks up and out; he sees
and imitates, but does not reason. He
should play without hindrance. If the
square yard of ground be enlarged to
a rod, the handful of beans to a collec
tion of seeds (the kinds for sale in the
grocery stores are best as these have
brilliantly colored pictures on the pack
ages and the boy learns thereby what
manner of a thing he is to expect) , this
square rod will be the play ground to
a surprising extent.
He may not plant the kinds you ex
pect or want him to plant, as his view
point is different from yours. It is un
wise to insist on any given plan. Let
this garden be his own. If it has been
entirely to carrots or cabbage let it re
main carrots and cabbage, for they are
more to him than your choice variety
It is unwise to expect careful pains-
taking effort and constant care from
a boy of this age; encourage it but do
not compel it.
He can be taught by example all of
the needs of plant growth but his hoe
ing and weeding may be superficial.
If you ask him he will allow you to dig
in his garden to loosen the soil deeper
than his strength permits. It is wise
to do this for tnere must De carrots
and cabbage to harvest or there will
be no play ground here next year.
If the boy of five has been allowed
the run of a garden, if at eight he has
a garden of his own, at ten he will love
gardening and will have absorbed an
amazing store of knowledge, and to
him may be imparted at this age in a
way and manner that will awaken the
the purest and best that is in him, the
mystery of life.
A pumpkin plant on a compost heap,
sending its vigorous shoots over the
weeds, climbing where it cannot creep,
thrusting its snake like head through
the garden fence, is a thing of wonder
to a boy if he is but taught to see it,
and when its great golden blossoms
appear there is a still greater wonder
unfolded.
Boys of twelve and fourteen may de
sert the garden for the ball field or the
fishing rod, and it is well they should,
for the serious time of life is coming
soon and play days should be as many
and long as school and home duties
will permit. But a garden for a boy at
this age may be a greater factor in his
training for life than at any other, for
by this time the "root of all evil" has
entered his soul; he has learned that
money is essential in order to procure
the many things a boy must have, and
the garden, which to this time has
been a recreation field, a place of won
derful possibilities in the way of good
things to eat and pumpkins for jack-o'
lanterns, may be a most fertile field
of revenue.
Whatever the crop the proceeds
should be wholly his own. if he has
produced the crop wholly by his own
efforts. There is but one way that he
can learn the value of money and that
is by earning it. The wise use of
money must also be learned but that
is outside the sphere of gardening.
From address of Prof. Cranefield,
Wise. Agr. College.
BE A HOMECROFTER
Learn by Doing. Work Together.
Give every Man a Chance.
THE SLOGAN OF THE HOMECROFTERS IS
"Every Child in a harden— Every Mother in a Homeerofl, and ladi'
vidual, Industrial Independence for Every Worker in a
Home of his Owa oa tbe Land."
"A little croft we owned-a plot of corn,
A garden stored with peas and mint and thyme.
And flowers for posies, oft on Sunday morn
. Plucked while the church bells rang their earliest chimes."
—Wordsworth.
"X h * 91U2!9 IU 2!\ S i?P di {!B! B in u the door "' a y of his home-contented on his threshold, his family
gathered about his hearthstone, while the evening of a well spent day closes in scenesand
sounds i that are dearest-he shall save the Republic when the drum-up is futile and the
barracks are exhausted. "—Henry (» . urady.
"The slums and tenements of the our fast increasing population in in-
great cities are social dynamite, cer- dividual homes on the — home-
tain to explode sooner or later. The crofts > however small, owned by the
only safeguard against such dangers f^^X^l^nS^
is to plant the multiplying millions of independence." George H. Maxwell.
I EDUCATION liPlfiiill HOMTCROFTsII
I OPPORTUNfTY Hgjjjjll COOreRAnON |
THE FIRST BOOK £ HOMECROFTERS
HAS JUST BEEN PUBLISHED AND AMONG ITS CONTENTS ARE
THE FOLLOWING ARTICLES OF ABSORBING INTEREST
The Brotherhood of Man ,
Charity that is Everlasting
The Secret of Nippon's Power
Lesson lof a Great Calamity
The Sign of a Thought
This book Is the first of a Series
that will Chronicle the Progress of the
HOMECKOFT MOVEMENT
and inform all who wish to co-operate
with it how they may do so through
the formation of local Homecrofters'
Circles, Clubs or Gilds to promote
Town and Village Betterment, stimu-
late* home civic pride and loyalty to
home institutions, industries and trade,
improve methods and facilities of edu-
cation In tbe local public schools, and
create new opportunities "At Home"
that will go far to check the drift of
trade and population to the cities.
The first Gild. of the Homeerofters
1ms been established at Watertown,
Massachusetts. The GUdhall, Shops
and Gardens are located at 143 Main
Street, where the Garden School is
now fully organized and over one
hundred children are at work in the
Gardens. The departments for train-
ing In Homecraft and Village Indus-
tries are being installed. The Weavers
are already at work at the looms.
It is not designed to build here an
isolated institution, but to make a
model which can be duplicated in any
town or village in the country.
Copies of "THE FIRST BOOK OP
THE HOMECROFTERS" can be
obtained by sending twelve two-
cent stamps with your name and
address (carefully and plainly
written) to The Homecrofters' Clld
of the Talisman 143, Main St.,
Watertown, Massachusetts.
There is New Hope and Inspiration
for every Worker who wants a Home
of his own on the Land in the
CREED AND PLATFORM OF THE
IIOMECROFTERS' which is as fol-
lows:
"Peace has her victories no less re-
nowned than war."
EDUCATION
GO-OPERATION
OPPORTUNITY
HOMEOROFTS
We believe that the Patriotic Slogan
of the Whole People of this Nation
should be "Every Child In a Garden —
Every Mother in a Homecraft — and In-
dividual Industrial Independence for
Every Worker in a Home of his Own
on the Land," and that until he owns
such a Home, the concentrated purpose
and chief inspiration to labor in the life
of every wage worker should be his
determination to "Get an Acre and
Live on It."
We believe that the Slums and
Tenements and Congested Centers of
population in the Cities are a savagely
deteriorating social, moral and polit-
ical influence, and that a great public
movement should be organized, and
the whole power of the nation and
the states exerted for the betterment
of all the conditions of Rural Life, and
to create and upbuild Centers of So-
cial and Civic Life in Country and
Suburban Towns and Villages, where
Trade and Industry can be so firmly
anchored that they cannot be drawn
Into the Commercial Maelstrom that
is now steadily sucking Industry and
Humanity into the Vortex of the
Great Cities.
We believe that every Citizen in
this Country has an inherent and
Fundamental Right to an Education
which will train him to Earn a Liv-
ing, and, if need be, to get his living
straight from Mother Earth; and that
he has the same right to the Opportun-
ity to have the Work to Do which will
afford him that living, and to earn not
only c cor- "ortable livelihood, but
enough more to enable him to be a
Homecrofter and to have a Home of
his Own, with ground around it
sufficient to yield him and his family
a Living from the Land as the reward
for his own labor.
We believe that the Public Domain
is the most precious heritage of the
people, and the surest safeguard the
nation has against Social Unrest, Dis-
turbance or Upheaval. ' and that the
Cause of Humanity and the Preserva-
tion of Social Stability and of our Free
Institutions demand that the absorp-
tion of the public lands into specula-
tive private ownership, without settle-
ment, be forthwith stopped: and that
the nation should create opportunities
for Homecrofters by building irriga-
tion and drainage works to reclaim
land as fast as It is needed to give
every man who wants a Home on the
Land a chance to get It
We believe that, as a Nation, we
should be less absorbed ,wlth Making
Money, and should pay more heed to
raising up and training Men who will
be Law- Abiding Citizens; that the wel-
fare of our Workers is of more con-
sequence than the mere accumulation
of Wealth; and that Stability of Na-
tional Character and of Social and
Business Conditions is of greater im-
portance to the people of this country
as a whole than any other one ques-
tion that is now before them; and we
believe that the only way to Preserve
such Stability, and to Permanently
Maintain our National Prosperity, Is
to carry into immediate effect and
operation the Platform of the Talis-
man, which is as follows:
EDUCATION, EMPLOYMENT AND
HOMES ON THE LAND.
1. That children shall be taught
gardening and homecraft in the public
schools, and that Homecraft and
Garden Training Schools shall be
established by county, municipal,
state, and national governments,
where every boy and every man out
of work who wants employment where
he can gain that knowledge, can learn
how to mnke a home and till the soil
and get his living straight from the
ground, and where every boy would
be taught that his first aim in life
should be to get a home of his own
on the land.
BUILD HOMECROFTS AS NATION-
AL SAFEGUARDS.
2. That the New Zealana system of
Land Taxation and Land Purchase
and Subdivision, and Advances to Set-
tlers Act, shall be adopted in this
country, to the end that land shall be
subdivided into small holdings in the
hands of those who will till it for a
livelihood, and labor find occupation
in the creation of homecrofts,' which
will be perpetual safeguards against
the political evils and social discontent
resulting from the overgrowth of
cities and the sufferings of unem-
ployed wage-earners.
PROTECTION FOR THE AMER-
ICAN HOMECROFT.
3. That Rural Settlement shall be
encouraged and the principle of Pro-
tection for the American Wageworker
and his Home applied directly to the
Home by the Exemption from Taxa-
tion of all improvements upon, and
also of all personal property, not ex-
ceeding $2,500 in value, used on and
in connection with, every Homecroft
or Rural Homestead of not more than
ten acres in extent, which the owner
occupies as a permanent home and
cultivates with his own labor and so
provides therefrom all or part of the
support for a family.
ENLARGEMENT OF AREA AVAIL-
ABLE FOR HOMEMAKING.
4. That the National Government,
as part of a comprehensive nation-
al policy of internal improvements
for river control and regulation,
and for the enlargement to the
utmost possible extent of the
area of the country available for agri-
culture and Homes on the Land, and
for the protection of those Homes from
either flood or drouth, shall build not
only levees and revetments where
needed, and drainage works for the
reclamation of swamp and overflowed
lands, but shall also preserve existing
forests, reforest denuded areas, plant
new forests, and build the great reser-
voirs and other engineering works
necessary to safeguard against over-
flow and save for beneficial use the
flood waters that now run to waste.
RECLAMATION AND SETTLE-
MENT OF THE ARID LANDS.
5. That the National Government
shall build the Irrigation works neces-
sary to bring water within reach of
settlers on the arid lands, the cost of
such works to be repaid to the govern-
ment by such settlers In annual in-
stallments without Interest, and that
the construction of the great irrigation
works necessary for the utilization of
the waters of such large rivers as the
Columbia, the Sacramento, the Colo-
rado, the Rio Grande, and the Missouri,
and their tributaries, shall proceed as
rnpidly as the lands reclaimed will be
utilized in small fnrms by actual
settlers and homemakers, who will re-
pay the government the cost of con-
struction of the irrigation works, and
that the nmount needed each year for
construction, as recommended by the
Secretary of the Interior, shall be
made available by Congress as a loan
from the general treasury to the Re-
clamation Fund, and repaid from
lands r««Ulme«. as required bj the
National Irrigation Act.
SAVE THE PUBLIC LANDS COB
HOMEMAKERS.
6. That not another acre of the pub-
lic lands shall ever hereafter be
granted to any state or territory for
any purpose whatsoever, or to any one
other than an actual settler who has
built his home on the land and lived
on it for five years, and that no more
land scrip of any kind shall ever be
issued, and that the Desert Land Law
and the Commutation Clause of the
Homestead Law shall be made to con-
form to the recommendations of the
Public Lands Commission appointed
by President Roosevelt and of the
Message of the President to Congress.
PLANT FORESTS AND CREATE
FOREST PLANTATIONS.
7. That the Timber and Stone Law
shall be repealed, and that all pub-
lic timber lands shall be Included in
permanent Forest Reserves, the title
to the land to be forever retained by
the National Government, stumpage
only of matured timber to be sold,
and young timber to be preserved for
future cutting, so that the forests will
be perpetuated by right use; and
that the National Government shall,
by the reservation or purchase of ex-
isting forest lands, and the planting
of new forests, create in every state
National Forest Plantations from
which, through all the years to come,
a sufficient supply of wood and timber
can be annually harvested to supply
the needs of the people of each state
from -he Forest Plantations in that
state.
CONTROL AND USB OF THD
GRAZING LANDS.
8. That all unlocated public lands
not otherwise reserved shall be re-
served from location or entry under
any law except the Homestead Law,
and shall be embraced in Grazing Re-
serves mnder the control of the Secre-
tary of Agriculture, who shall be em-
powered to issue annual Licenses to
graze stock in said Grazing Reserves,
but such licenses shall never be issued
for a longer period than one year on
agricultural lands or five years on
grazing lands, and all lands classified
as grazing lands shall be subject to
reclassiflcation at the end of every five
years; that no leases of the public
grazing lands shall ever be made by
the National Government, and that
the area of the homestead entry shall
never under any circumstances be en-
larged to exceed IGO acres.
RESERVE STATE LANDS FOR
HOMESTEAD SETTLERS.
9. That the public hind states shall
administer the state lands under a
system similar to and in harmony
with tbe national public land system
above outlined, and that each state
shall enact a State Homestead Law-,
for the settlement of hinds owned by
the state, and that state lands shall
be disposed of only to actual settlers
under such law, and that all state
lands shall at all times remain open
to Homestead Entry.
UNITED OWNERSHIP OF LAND
AND WATER.
10. That it shall be the law of every
state and of the United States, that
beneficial use is the basis, the meas-
ure, and the limit of all rights to
water. Including riparian rightr, and
that the right to the use of water for
irrigation shall inhere in and be ap-
purtenant to the land irrigated, so that
the ownership of the land and the
water shall be united, and no right to
water as a speculative commodity
ever be acquired, held or owned.
THE COMING PEOPLE.
"Outward changes, economical and
political, more or less marked, are
always going on in the forms and or
ganizations of society. But to-day one
can make a specially strong argument
that great and radical changes are im
pending. No one can believe that
existing conditions will continue in a
world where all things move and
change. Waste, extravagance, political
corruption, fierce mercantile rivalries,
colossal monopolization of wealth and
of the industrial plants of the world,
masses of dreary poverty, — these are
natural subjects for profound, patri
otic and humane concern. Is not the
old social and industrial machinery,
the competitive or wage system, show
ing signs of breaking down beneath
its load?
"The question is quite fair whether
any Rystem is just that permits Indi
viduals to roll up immense fortunes as
the result of lucky speculations, or of
tbe rise of land values about a great
city, that permits other individuals to
inherit almost unlimited money power,
as men once inherited duchies and
kingdoms, while millions of working
men, with small wages, live close to
the danger line of debt, or even of cold
and starvation, and are liable to be
thrown out of employment for months
at a time.
"When in the face of natural wealth,
never so abundant, and forces of pro
duction augmented indefinitely by
science and invention, so many almost
fail to reap any benefit from the re
sources which surely belong to the
race, it must at least be confessed that
our present system, both of production
and of distribution, is not intelligently
or humanely managed. Its results do
not represent an ideal democracy, a
brotherhood of man." — From "The
Coming People", by Chas. F. Dole.
It behooves everyone who has eyes
t» see and ears to hear and a brain
with which to think to study the tre
memdous social problems with which
we are face to face to-day.
W Whether they are settled right or
w wront* will affect every member of the
c community. No one can escape the
e evils that will result from a wrong
o o^*-tl«>Tnent and everyone will be bene
ffitted by a right settlement.
N Nothinsr is more Important than that
w wo should pet started right There Is
n nnhTnnp'* and Insn'ration in every line
o of "THE COMING PEOPLE," by
C Clms. F. Dole.
llnI In order to bring this book within
«-h«« -h« rwch of nil. a ponular edition has
i in«t been is«npd by the Homecroftera
O Olid of the Talisman which can be had
f for 25 cents, postage included. Remit
b y Tiastal money order, express money
o order or postage stamps to "THE
r rTOMECROFTERS, 145 Main St,
W Watertown, Mass." < : %THE WHITE
COMPANY
C CHAPTER VII.
l lf fa* might not return to Beaulieu
W Within the year, and if his brother's
d dogs were to be set upon him if he
s showed face upon Minstead land, then
i indeed was Alleyne adrift upon earth.
N North, south, east and west — he might
t turn where he would, but all was equal
lly Chill and cheerless. The Abbot
h had rolled ten silver crowns in a let-
t tuce-leaf and hid them away in the bot-
t tom of his scrip, but that would be a
s sorry support for twelve long months.
llnI In all the darkness there was but the
o one bright spot of the sturdy comrades
w whom he had left that evening; ir ne
c could find them again all would be
w well. He pushed on, therefore, now
w walking and now running. -«_*„ I
T The forest began to shred out into
s scattered belts of trees, with gleam of
. .•<»-nlield and stretch of pasture-land
b between. Here and there by the way- ;
s side stood little knots of wattle-ana-
d daub huts, with shock-haired laborers
l lounging by the doors and red-cheeked
c children sprawling in the roadway.
B By these Alleyne knew that he was
o on the very fringe of the forest, and
t therefore no great way from Christ-
c church. Right glad later, was the tray-
e eller to see the high tower of Christ-
C Church Priory gleaming in the mellow
e evening light, and gladder still when,
r rounding a corner, he came upon his
c comrades of the morning seated astrad-
d dle upon a fallen tree. They had a flat
s space before them, on which they al-
t ternately threw little square pieces of
b bone, and were so intent upon their oc-
c cupation that they never raised eye as
h ha approached them. He observed with
a astonishment, as he drew near, that the
a archer's bow was . on John's back, the
a archer's sword by John's side, and the
s steel cap laid upon the tree-trunk be
tween them.
" "Mort de ma vie!" Aylward shouted,
l looking down at the dice. "Never had
I such cursed luck. A murrain on the
b bones! I have not thrown a good main
s since I left Navarre. lam like to reach
. Christchurch in my shirt." Then sud-
d denly glancing up, "Hola, by the splen-
d dor of heaven, here is our cher petit!
N Now, by my ten finger-bones! this is a
r rare sight to rnin£_eves" He sprang up
a and threw his arrß\ round Alleyne's
n neck, while John, n<* less pleased, but
m more backward and Saxon In his habits,
s stood grinning and bobbing by the
w wayside, with his newly- won steel cap
s stuck wrong-side foremost upon his
t tangle of red hair. "
" "Hast come to stop?" cried the bow-
m man, patting Alleyne all over In his de
llight. "Shall not get away from us
a again!" . ' •
"I" I wish no better," said he, with a
p pringling In the eyes at tins nearty
g greeting.
" "Well said, lad!" cried big John. "We
t three shall lto the wars together, and
t the devil may fly away with the Abbot
o of Beaulieu! But your feet and hosen
a are all besmudged. Hast been in the
w water?" .-..■:•
j : "I have in good sooth," Alleyne ans-
w wered, and then, as they journeyed on
t their way, he told them the many
t things that had befallen him
" "But you," said Alleyne, "mere nave
b been changes with you also. Where
a are bow and sword and cap — and why
s so warlike, John?"
" "It is a game which friend Aylward
h hath been a-teaching of me."
" "And I found him an over-apt pupil."
g grumbled the bowman. "He. hath
s stripped me. But, by my hilt! you
m must render them back to me. cama-
r rade, lest you bring discredit upon my
m mission, and I will pay you for them
a at armorer's prices."
" "Take them back, man, and never
h heed the pay," said John. "I did but
w wish to learn the feel of them, since
I am like to have such trinkets hung
t to my own girdle for some years to
come."
" "Ma foi, he was born a free com-
p panion!" cried Aylward. "He hath the
v very trick of speech and turn of
t thought. I take them back then, and
i indeed it gives me uneas^not to feel
m my yew-stave tapping <ys»el my leg.
lltI It chanced on that semmmenlng that
S Sir Nigel LfOring, SwJmapupped before
s sunset, as was his custom, had taken
h his dogs for an evening breather. Two
r russet-clad varlets, with loud halloo
a and cracking whips, walked thigh-deep
a amid the swarm, guiding, controlling,
a and urging. Behind came Sir Nigel
h himself, with Lady Loring upon his
a arm the pair walking slowly and se-
d dately, as befitted both their age and
t their condition. They paused at the
S Sir Nigel was a slight man of poor
s stature, with soft lisping voice and
g gentle ways. So short was he that his
w wife, who was no very tall woman,
h had the better of him by the breadth
o of three fingers. His sight having been
i injured in his early wars by a basket-
f ful of lime which had been emptied
o over him when he led the Earl of
D Derby's stormers up the breach at
B Bergerac, he had contracted something
o of a stoop, with a blinking, peering
e expression of face. His age wag six-
a and-forty, but the constant practice of
a arms, together with a cleanly life, had
p preserved his activity and endurance
u unimpaired, so that from a distance he
s seemed to have the slight limbs and
s swift grace of a boy. His face, how-
e ever, was tanned of a dull yellow tint,
a and the little pointed beard which he |
w wore was streaked and shot with gray.
H His features were small, delicate, and
r regular, with clear-cut curving nose,
a and eyes which jutted forward from
t the lids. His dress was simple and
y yet spruce. A gold embroidered belt '
o of knighthood encircled his loins, with
h his arms, five roses gules on a field
a argent, cunningly worked upon the
c clasp. So stood Sir Nigel Loring upon
t the bridge •of Avon, and talked lightly
w with his lady.
A And, certes, had the two visages alone
b been seen, and the stranger been asked
w which were the more likely to belong
t to the bold warrior whose name was
l loved by the roughest soldiery of Eu-
r rope, he had assuredly selected the
l ady's. Her face was large and square,
w with fierce thick brows, and the eyes
o of one who was accustomed to rule.
lltI It was the age of martial women. The
d deeds of Black Agnes of Dunbar. of
T T>adv Salisbury, and of the Countess of
M Montfort were still fresh in the public
mmmd.m mind. With such examples before them,
t the wives of the English captains had
b become as warlike as their mates, and
o ordered the castle in their absence with
t the prudence and discipline of veteran
s seneschals. Right easy were the Mont-
a acutes of their Castle of Twynham, and
l little had they to dread from roving
g galley or French squadron while Lady
M Mary Loring had the ordering of it.
"I" I tell you, my lord," she was say
llnsr,I Insr, "that it Is not fit training for a
d demoiselle: hawks and hounds, rotes
a and cltoles. singing a French rondel,
o or reading the Gestes de Doon de May-
e ence. as I found her jester-night, pre-
t tending sleep, the artful, with the cor-
n ner of the scroll thrusting forth from
v verier her pillow. Lent her by Father
C Christopher of the Priory, forsooth—
t tt>at is ever her answer. How shall
a all this help her when she has castle
n nt her own to keep, with a hrninVprl
m mouths all aeapp for beef and drink?"
" "True, my sweet bird, true." answered
t the knlerht. "The maid Is like the
T T«nn«r flllv. Which k'"l*-H heels nun
p plunges for very lust of life. Give her
t time. dame, give her time!"
" "Well I know that mv father would
h have given me, not time, but a good
h hazel-stick across my shoulders. I
k know not what the world Is coming to,
w when young maids may flout their eld-
e ers. I wonder that you do not correct
h her. my fair lord?"
" "Nay my heart's comfort, I never
r raised hand to woman yet. anrl it would
bbcb be a passing strange thing If I began
u upon my own flesh and blood. But I
Synopsis of preceding chapters at end of this installment.
doubt not that you are right, and that i
Maude's wings need clipping, which I
may leave in your hands when I am
gone, for, in sooth, this peaceful life
is not for me, and were it not for your
gracious kindness and loving care I
could not abide it a week. I near that
there is talk of warlike muster at Bor
deaux once more, and by St. Paul! it
would be a new thing if the lions of
England and the red pile of Chandos
were to be seen in the field, and the
roses of Loring were not waving by
their side."
"Now woe with me but I feared it!"
cried she, with the color all struck
from her face. "I have noted your ab
sent mind, your kindling eye, your try
ing and riveting of old harness. Con
sider, my sweet lord, that you have al
ready won much honor, that we have
seen but little of each other, that you
bear upon your body the scars of over
twenty wounds received in I know not
how many bloody encounters."
"My lady, when our liege lord the
king at three-score years, and my Lord
Chandos, at three-score and ten, are
blithe and ready to lay lance in rest
for England"s cause, it would ill be
seem me to prate of service done. It
would be bitter shame to me, and also
to you, since my fame is yours, that I
should now hold back if a man's work
is to be done. Besides, bethink you
how low is our purse, with bailiff and
reeve ever croaking of empty farms
and wasting lands. Were It not for
this constableship which the Earl of
Salisbury hath bestowed upon, us we
could scares uphold the state which is
fitting to our degree. Therefore, my
sweeting, there is the more need that I
should turn to where there is good pay
to be earned and brave ransoms to be
won."
"Ah, my dear lord," quoth she, with
sad. weary eyes. "I thought that at
last I had you to mine own self, even
though your youth had been spent afar
from my side. Tet my voice, as I know
well, should speed you on to glory and
renown, not hold you back when fame
is to be won. Tet what can I say? for
all men know that your valor needs the
curb and not the spur!"
"Fret not thyself, my heart's dove,
for it is like that there may bo no war
waged, and we must await the news.
But here are three strangers, and one,
as I take it, a soldier fresh from ser
vice. It is likely that he may give us
■word of what Is stirring over the
water."
Lady Lorlng 1 , glancing up, saw in the
fading light the three companions
w walking abreast down the road, all
g gray with dust, and stained with travel,
y yet chattering merrily between them-
s selves. Aylward looked keenly at Sir
N Nigel, and then, plunging his hand un
dder his breastplate, he stepped up to
h him, with a rough, uncouth bow to the
l lady.
" "Tour pardon, fair sir," said he, "but
I know you the moment I clap eyes on
y you, though in sooth I have seen you
o oftener in steel than in velvet. I have
d drawn string beside you at La Roche
dd'Errien, Romorantin, Maupertius, No-
g gent, Auray, and other places. I bring
y you this letter from the valiant Gascon
k knight Sir Claude Latour."
A As they read it, Alleyne, who stood
w with Hordle John a few paces back
f from their comrade, saw the lady catch
h her breath, while the knight laughed
s softly to himself.
" "You see, dear heart," said he, "that
t they will not leave the old dog in his
k kennel when the game is afoot. And
w what of this White Company, archer?"
" "Ah, sir, you speak of dogs'" cried
A Aylward; "but there are a pack ofil|usty
h hounds who are ready for any qtmrry,
i if they have but a good huntsman to
h halloo them on. Sir, we have been in
t the wars together, and I have seen
m many a brave following, but never such
a a set of woodland boys as this. They
d do but want you at their head, and who
w will bar the way?"
" "Pardieu!" said Sir Nigel, "if they
a are like their messenger, they are in
ddeed men of whom a leader may be
p proud. Tour name, good archer?"
" "Sam Aylward, sir, of the Hundred
o of Easebourne and the Rape of Chi-
c chester." •
" "And this giant behind you?"
" "He is big John of Hordle, a forest
m man, who hath now taken service in
t the Company."
" "A proper figure of a man-at-arms,"
s said the little knight "Why, Aylward,
y ou are no chicken, yet I warrant him
t the stronger man. See to that great
s stone from the coping which hath fallen
u upon the bridge. Four of my lazy var
llets strove this day to carry it hence.
I would that you two could put them
t to shame by budging it. though I fear
t that I overtask you, for it is of a
g grievous weight."
H He pointed, as he spnke. to a huge
r rough-hewn block which lay by the
r roadside, deep sunken from Its own
w weight, in the reddish earth. The
o orcher approached it, rolling back the
s sleeves of his jerkin, but with no very
h hopeful countenance, for Indeed it was
a a mighty rock. John, however, put him
a aside with his left hand, "l>t me try
a a pull at this, little plummet." he said,
" "bethlnes me that I may be able to
b budge it from Its bed. Then, perchance,
y ou can assist me in the heaving."
S Stooping over the huere stone, he
g grasped it by two protecting edges and
s straightened his giant legs In an up-
w ward null. As he bent his weight and
s strength to the effort, the stone for the
m minute stuck fast: then as the intehtv
m muscles of his broad back creaked and
t the huge knots on his nearly bare
shoulders drew into tense bunches with
the strain of the tug, the stone gave
way from its bed with a gurgling suck
and came free in his hands, with a
deep chested chuckle, as the archer
stepped forward to help in the throw
ing, Hordle John straightened himself
and hurled the rock well out into the
stream. *
"Good lack!" cried Sir Nigel, and
"Good lack!" cried his lady, while John
stood laughing and wiping the caked
dirt from his fingers.
"I have felt his arms round my ribs,"
said the bowman, "and they crackle yet
at the thought of it. This other com
rade, fair Sir, is a right learned clerk,
for all that he is so young, hight
Alleyne, the son of Kdrlc, brother to
the Socman of Minstead."
"Young man," quoth Sir Nigel stern
ly, "if you are of the same way of
thought as your brother, you may not
pass portcullis of mine."
"Nay, fair Sir," cried Aylward hasti
ly, "I will be pledge for it that they
have no thought in common; for this
very day his brother hath set his dogs
upon him, and driven him from his
lands."
"And are you, too, of the White Com
pany?" asked Sir Nigel. "Hast had
small experience of war, if I may judge
by looks and bearing."
"I would fain to France with my
friends here," Alleyne answered; "but I
am a man of peace — a reader, exorcist,
acolyte, and clerk."
"That need not hinder," quoth Sir
Nigel. "It is well to have a learned
clerk in every troop. By St. Paul 1
there are men so caitiff that they think
more of a scrivener's pen that of their
lady's smile, and do their devoir in
hopes that they may fill a line in a
chronicle or make a tag to a jongleur's
romance. I remember well that, at the
siege of Retters, there was a little,
sleek, fat clerk of the name of Chaucer,
who was so apt at rondel, sirvente, or
tonson, that no man dare give back a
foot from the walls, lest he find It all
set down in his rhymes and sung by
every underling and varlet in the camp.
But, my soul's bird, you hear me prate
as though all were decided, when I
have not yet taken counsel either with
you or with my lady mother. Let us to
the chamber, while these strangers find
such fare as pantry and celler may
furnish."
The three comrades dropped behind
and followed: Alyward much tho
lighter for havlntr accomplished his
mission, Alleyne full of wonderment at
the humble bearing of so renowned a
"FLICKED THE BEAST TWICE ACROSS THE SNOUT."
captain, and John loud with snorts and
sneers, which spoke his disappointment
and contempt.
. "What ails the man?" asked Alyward
in surprise.
"I have been cozened and bejaped,"
quoth he gruffly.
"By whom. Sir Samson the strong?"
"By thee, Sir Balaam the false
prophet."
"By my hilt!" cried the archer,
"though I be not Balaam, yet I hold
converse with the very creature that
spake to him. What is amiss, then,
and how have I played you false?"
"Why, marry, did you not say, and
Alleyne here will be my witness, that,
if I would hie to the wars with you,
you would place me under a leader who
was second to none in all England for
valor? Tet here you bring me to a
shred of a man, peaky and ill-nour
ished, with eyes like a moulting owl,
who must needs, forsooth, take coun
sel with his mother ere he buckles
sword to girdle."
"Is that where the shoe galls?" cried
the bowman, and laughed aloud. "I
will ask you what you think of him
three months hence, If we be all alive;
for sure I am that "
Aylward's words were Interrupted by
an extraordinary hubbub which broke
out that instant some little way down
the street in the direction of the
Priory. There was deep-mouthed
shouting of men, frightened shrieks of
women, howling and barking of curs,
and over all a sullen thunderous
rumble, indescribably menacing and
terrible. Round the corner of the nar
row street there came rushing a brace
of whining dogs with tails glued under
their legs, after them a white-faced
burgher, with outstretched hands and
wide-spread fingers, his hair all
abristle and his eyes glinting back
from one shoulder to the other, as
though some great terror were at his
very heels. "Fly, my lady, fly!" he
screeched, and whizzed past them like
1 nit frnm liny: while close behind camp
lumberlnc a huge black bear, with red
tongue lolling from his mouth, and a
broken chain jangling behind him. To
rig-nt and left the folk flew for arch
:^nd doorway. Hordle John caught up
the Lady Lorlng as if she had been a
feather, and sprang with her into an
onen porch; while Aylward. with a
whirl of French onths, plucked at his
ouiver and tried to unsling his bow.
Uleyne, all unnerved nt so strange and
unwonted a sight, shrunK up against
t*>p wall with his eyes fixed upon the
'"•enziprl creature, which came boundlne
•■lons 1 with unsrainlv speed, lookiner the
'ire-er in the uncertain light. Its huge
laws agape, with blood and sliver
t»-'ckHne to the ground. Sir Nigel
Mine, unconscious to all appearance of
tn«s universal panic, walked with ira
foltering step up the centre of the
■-oad. a silken handkerchief in one hand
his eolrl comfit-lmx In the other
Tt sent the blood cold through Ailevne's
veins to see that as they came toe-eth
er — the man and the beast — the creature
reared up, with eyes ablaze with fear
and hate, and whirled its great paws
above the knight to smite Tiim to the
earth. He, however, blinking with puck
ered eyes, reached up his kerchief, and
flicked the beast twice across the snout
with it. "Ah, saucy! saucy!" quoth he,
with gentle chiding; on which the bear,
uncertain and puzzled, dropped its fore
legs to earth again, and waddling back,
was soon swathed in ropes by the bear
ward and a crowd of peasants who had
been in close pursuit. As they passed
through the castle gate, John plucked
at Aylward's sleeve, and the two fell
behind.
"I must crave your pardon, comrade,"
said he bluntly. "I was a fool not u>
know that a little rooster may be Uie
gamest. I believe thai this man is in
deed a leader whom we may follow. '
CHAPTER Vm.
Black was the mouth of Twynham
Castle, though a pair of torches, burn
ing at the further end of the gateway,
cast a red glare over the outer bailey,
and sent a dim ruddy flicker through
the rough-hewn arch, rising and tail
ing with fitful brightness on the shields
which bore the red roses of the veteran
constable. As they passed over the
drawbridge, Alleyne marked the gleam
of arms in the embrasures to right and
left, and they had scarce set foot upon
the causeway ere a hoarse blare burst
from a bugle, and with screech the
hinge and clank of chain, the ponder
ous bridge swung up into the air,
drawn by unseen hands. At the same
instant the huge portcullis came rat
tling down from above, and »hut off
the last fading light of day. Sir Nigel
and his lady walked on in deep talk,
while a fat under-steward took charge
of the three comrades, and led them to
the buttery, where beef, bread, and
drink were kept ever in readiness for
the wayfarer. After a hearty meal and
a dip in the trough to wash the dust
from them, they strolled forth into the
bailey, where the bowman peered about
through the darkness at" wall and at
keep, with the carping eyes of one who
has seen something of sieges, and Is
not lightly to be satisfied. To Alleyne
and to John, however, it appeared to be
as great and as stout a fortress as
could be built by the hands of man.
"Is there an archer here hight Sam
Aylward?" asked a gaunt man-at-arms,
clanking up to them arcoss the court
yard.
"My name, friend!" quoth the bow
man.
"Then sure I have no need to tell
thee mine," said the other.
"By the rood! if it is not Black Simon
of Norwich!" cried Aylward. "A mon
coeur, camarade, a mon coeur! Ah, but
I am blithe to see thee!" the two fell
upon each other and hugged like bears.
"And where from, old blood and
bones?" asked the bowman.
"I am in service here. Tell me, com
rade, is it sooth that we shall have an
other fling at these Frenchmen? It is
so rumored in the guard-rooms, and
that Sir Nigel will take the field once
more."
"It Is like enough, mon gar, as things
go."
Now may the Iy)rd be praised!" crieJ
the other. "This very night will I set
apart a golden ouche to be offered on
the shrine of my name-saint. I have
pined for this, Aylward, as a young
maid pines for her lover."
"Art so spt on plunder, then? Is the
purse so light that there is not enough
for a rouse? I have a bag at my belt,
oamarade, nnd you have but to put
your fist into It for what you want. It
was ever share and share between us."
"Nay, friend, it is not the French
man's gold, but the Frenchman's blood
that I would have. I should not rest
quiet in the grave, coz, if I had not an
other turn at them. For with us in
Fiance it has ever been fair ana honest
war — a shut fist for the man, but a
bended knee for the woman. But how
was it at Winchelsa when their galleys
came down upon it some few years
back? I had an old mother there, lad
who had come down thither from the
Midlands to be the nearer her son.
They found her afterward by her own
hearthstone thrust through by a
Frenchman's bill. My second sister,
my brother's wife, and her two chil
dren, they were but ash-heaps in the
smoking ruins of their house. I will
not say that ye have not wrought
great seath upon France, but women
and children have been safe from us.
And so, old friend, my heart is hot
within me, and I long to hear the old
battle-cry again, and, by God's truth,
if Sir Nigel unfurls his pennon, here is
one who will be right glad to feel the
saddle-flaps under his knees."
"TVe have seen good work together,
old war-dog," quoth Aylward; "and, by
my hilt! we may hope to see more ere
we die. But, comrade, it is in my mind
that there is some small matter of dis
pute still open between us."
"'Fore God, it Is sooth!" cried the
other. "I had forgot it. The provost
marshal and his men tore us apart
when last we met."
"On which, friend, we vowed that we
should settle the point when next we
came together. Hast thy sword, I see,
and the moon throws glimmer enough
for such old night-birds as we. On
guard, mon gar! I have not heard
clink of steel this month or more."
"Out from the shadow, then." said
the other, drawing his sword. "A vow
is a vow, and not lightly to be broken."
"A vow to the saints," cried Alleyne,
"is indeed not to be set aside; but this
is a devil's vow, and, simple clerk as
I am, I am yet the mouthpiece of the
true Church wh»n I say that it were
mortal sin to flght on such a quarrel
What! shall two grown men carry
malice for years, and fly like snarling
curs at each other's throats?"
">To mnlire. my young clerk, no
malice!" quoth Black Simon. "I have
not a bitter drop in my heart for mine
old comrade; but the quarrel, as he
hath told you, is still open and un
settled. Fall on, Aylward!"
"Not whilst I can stand between
you." cried Alleyne, springing before
the bowman. "It is shame and sin to
see two Christian Englishmen, turn
swords ne-ainst each other like the
frenzied bloodthirsty paynim."
"Ana. what is more." said HoMle
.Tohn. suddenly appearing out of the
hnttery with the hiiere board upon
which the pastry was rolled, "if either
raise swnrd I shrill flatten him like
Shrove-tidc pancake. By the black
rood! I shall drive him into the earth
like a nail into a door, rather than see
y.ou do scath to each other."
" 'Fore God, this is a strange way of
preaching peace." cried Black Simon.
"You may find the scath yourself, my
lusty friend, if you raise your great
cudgel to me. I had as lief have the
castle drawbridge drop upon my pate."
"Tell me, Aylward," said Alleyne
earnestly, with hands outstretched to
keep the pair asunder, "what is the
cause of quarrel, that we may see
whether honorable settlement may not
be arrived at?"
The bowman looked down at his
feet and then up at the moon. "Par
bleau!" he cried, "the cause of quar
rel? Why, mon petit, it was years ago
In Limousin, and how can I bear in
mind what was the cause of it? Simon
there hath it at the end of his tongue."
"Not I, in troth," replied the other.
"I have had other things to think of.
There was some sort of bickering over
dice, or wine, or was it a woman, coz?"
"Fasques Dieu! but you have nicked
it," cried Aylward. "It was indeed
about a woman; and the quarrel must
go forward, for I am still of the same
mind as before."
"What of the woman, then?" asked
Simon. "May the murrain strike me if
I can call to mind aught about her."
"It was La Blanche Rose, maid at
the sign of the Trots Corbeaux at Lim
oges. Bless her pretty heart! Why,
mon gar, I loved her."
"So did a many," quoth Simon. "I
call her to mind now. On the very
day that we fought over the little
hussy, she went off with Evan ap Rice,
a long-legged Welsh dagsman. They
have a hostel of their own now, some
where on the banks of Garonne, where
the landlord drinks so much of the
liquor that there is little left for the
customers."
"So ends our quarrel, then," said
Aylward, sheathing his sword. "A
Welsh dagsman, i' faith! C etait mail
vals gout, camarade, and the more so
when she had a jolly archer and a
lusty man-at-arms to choose from."
The old soldiers and Hordle John
strode off together in all good-fellow
ship. Alleyne had turned to follow
them, when he felt a touch upon his
shoulder, and found a young page by
his side.
"The Lord Lorlng commands," said
the boy, "that you will follow me to
the great chamber, and await him
there."
Up the broad steps Alleyne went,
following his boyish guide, until at the
folding oak doors the latter paused,
and ushered him into the main hall of
the castle.
On entering the room the clerk look
ed round; but, seeing no one, he con
tinued to stand, his cap in his hand,
examining with the greatest interest
a chamber which was so different to
any to which he was accustomed.
Most interesting of all to Alleyne was
a small ebony table at his very side,
on which, by the side of a chess-board
and the scattered chessmen, there lay
an open manuscript written in a right
clerkly hand, and set forth with brave
flourishes and devices along the mar
gins. In vain Alleyne bethought him
of where he was and of those laws of
good breeding and decorum which
should restrain him; those colored cap
itals and black even lines drew his
hand down to them, as the loadstone
draws the needle, until, almost before
he knew it, he was standing with the
romance of Garin de Montglane before
his eyes, so absorbed in its contents as
to be completely oblivious of where he
was and why he had come there.
He was brought back to himself,
however, by a sudden little ripple of
quick feminine laughter. Aghast, he
dropped the manuscript among the
chessmen and stared in bewilderment
round the room. It was as empty and
as still as ever. Again he stretched
his hand out to the romance, and again
came that roguish burst of merriment.
He looked up at the ceiling back at
the closed door, and round at the stiff
folds of motionless tapestry. Of a sud
den, however, he caught a quick shim
mer from the corner of a high-backed
bancal in front of him, and, shifting a
pace of two to the side, saw a white,
slender hand, which held a mirror of
polished silver in such a way that the
concealed observer could see without
being seen. He stood irresolute, un
certain whether to advance or to take
no notice; but, even as he hesitated
the mirror was whipped in, and a tall
and stately young lady swept out from
behind the oaken screen, with a danc
ing light of mischief in her eyes
Alleyne started with astonishment as
lie recognized the very maiden who
had suffered from his brother's vio
lence in the forest. She no longei
wore her gay riding-dress, however
but was attired In a long sweepin"
robe of black velvet of Bruges, with
delicate tracery of white lace at neck
and at wrist, scarce to be seen against
the ivory skin. Beautiful as she had
seemed to him before, the lithe charm
of her figure and the proud, free grace
What Does This Mean?
JJ«^\ 'rxifr ft."***' uicoc puzziiny
.yp'^im SL things, roughly
displayed in
fres/i Blood
f^^g^^^S upon the wall of a house
where a great crime had
been committed, stared ,
mill IHi ex P' a ' n tne ' r meaning?
' nl/uJI 11 VI I Such was the problem which Sherlock
VII M « [I m i a Holmes had to solve in his first
§// if I 111 ■/ II chronicled adventure
W II it U II "Th Study in Scarlet
W Jib Mm ill /■! A book which made CON AN DOYLE the first
Hf J//lk HiA. ' M W of detective writer* in the world.
In Holmes' next adventure, he was «nH)<ni>->i
confronted by the cabalistic image irTrf-. rtLrM.
in "The Sign of the Four** M l - rfcruk
These two, the first and best of the Sherlock Holmes novels, 300 pages of read-
ing, bound elegantly in a single big volume in illuminated cloth board (Harper
& Bros. 1 regular $1.50 linen imperial edition), sent postpaid with this coupon for
SO Cents
Here is a chance to get two of the most intensely interesting of adventures in a
most beautifully printed and bound edition for just one-third price.
riiPP 11T1T1T TIIIP finnir A handsome, copper photo-ensravure of
rltrr WIIH IHI\ KIIIIK Sherlock Holmes, printed on heaviest
1 ItLL 11 11 11110 llllUll* enameled paper, suitable for framing.
Be sure and use this Coupon, sending 50 cents in Stamps, Coin or Money Order. ■
HARPER & BROS., Franklin Square, N. Y. City. v.'V*
Same •■••••••••»••••••••*••*. •
Street
vr'?'. v. ■ ■ , ■■■- ■■•:>.-•"';•;
Town State
of her bearing were enhanced now b
the rich simplicity of her attire.
"Ah, you start." said she, with the
same sidelong look of mischief, "and 1
cannot marvel at it. Didst not look
to see the distressed damozel again.
Ah, that I were a minstrel, that I
might put it into rhyme, with the
whole romance — the luckless maid, the
wicked socman, and the virtuous ewk!
So might our fame hAve gone down
together for all time, and you IM num
bered with Sir Percival or Sir Galahad,
or all the other rescuers of Ofi£|MMd
ladies."
"What I did." said Alleyne, "ml too
small a thing for thanks; and yet, If I
may say it without offence. It was toe
grave and near a matter for mirth and
raillery. I had counted on my broth
er's love, but God has willed that it
should be otherwise. It is a joy to me
to see you again, lady, and to know
that you have reached home in ■attty,
if this be indeed your home."
"Yes, in sooth, Castle Twynham is
my home, and Sir Nigel Lorlng my
father. I should have told you S9 this
morning, but you said that you were
coming hither, so I bethought m« that
I might hold it back as a surprise to
you. Oh, dear, but it was brave t» see
you!" she cried, bursting out-a-laugh
ing once more, standing with her hand
pressed to her side, and her half-closed
eyes twinkling with amusement. "You
drew back and came forward with your
eyes upon my book there, like tho
mouse who sniffs the cheese and yet
dreads the trap."
"I take shame," said Alleyne, 'that
I should have touched it."
"Nay, it warmed my very heart to
see it. So glad was I that I laughed
for very pleasure. My fine preacher
can himself be tempted then, thought
I; he is not made of another clay to
the rest of us."
"God help me! I am the weakest of
the weak,' r groaned Alleyne. "I pray
that I may have more strength!"
"And to what end?" she asked sharp
lY- If you are, as I understand, to
ihut yourself forever in yonr cell with
in the fffur walls of an abbey, then of
what use would it be were your prayer
to be answered? Wilt do what I ask?"
said she.
"What is it, lady?"
'Tls but to bear me out in what I
say to my father."
"In what?"
"In saying, If he ask, that it was
south of the Christchurch road that I
met you. I shall be shut up with the
tire-women else, and have a week of
spindle and bodkin, when I would fain
be galloping Troubadour up Wilverley
Walk, or loosing my little falcon Ro
land at the Vinney Ridge herons."
"I shall not answer him if he ask."
"Not answer! But he will have an
answer. Nay, but you must not fail
me, or it will go ill with me."
"But, lady," cried poor Alleyne, in
great distress, "how can I say that it
was to the south of the road when I
know well that it was four miles to
the north?"
"You will not say it?"
"Surely you will not, too. When you
know that it is not so?"
"Oh, I weary of your preaching!"
she cried, and swept away with a toss
of her beautiful heao, leaving Alleyne
as cast down and ashamed as though
he had himself proposed some infam
ous thing. She was back again in an
instant, however, in another of her
varying moods.
, ''Look at that, my friend!" said she.
If you had been shut up in abbey or
In cell this day you could not have
taught a wayward maiden to abide by
the truth. Is it not so? What avail
is the shepherd if he leaves his sheep?"
"A sorry shepherd!" said Allyene
humbly. "But here is your noble
father."
"And you shall see how worthy a
pupil I am. Father, I am much be
holden to this young clerk, who was
of service to me and helped me this
very morning in Minstead Woods, four
miles to the north of the Christchurch
road, where I had no call to be, you
having ordered it otherwise." All this
she reeled off in a loud voice, and then
glanced with sideling questioning eyes
at Alleyne for. his approval.
( (To he Continued Vest Week.)
Synopsis of Preceding: Chapters.
T The scenes of the story are laid In the l»th century.
H Hot-die Ji.lm. a lay-brother of the Cistercian ale-
n nastery, A bin y of Benullen .flees from the monastery
a alter being found polity of certain serious charred
b brought apoinst him by a number of the monks.
T The same day, another of the lay-breOren of the
m monastery, Alleyne. Edrlc on, take* his departure In
a accordance with a. provision of his father's will,
d designating that he should, when he became twenty
y years old, (to forth for one year to choose for him-
p pelf his future celllnir. In sadness he wanders from
t the monastery to vis It his brother, the Socman of
V Viwtead. whore reputation In am" t unsavory one.
A At nightfall Alley™ seeks shelter-In a road-sidabm
w whore he meets Hordle John, and Samkin Aylward,
a an English archer lust back from the French w«raT
H Hordle John, (retung Into a controversy with Ayl-
w word, engages In a wrestling bout with the bowman,
a and Is defeated. He decides to Join the White Com-
p pany. Alliyno finds I Is brother In M lnstead woods,
q quarreling with a beautiful damsel, whom ho res-
c cues. He tells her of his Intention to jolt his com
ppanions of the Inn who are to flfrht under Sir Klgel
llnI In the White Company. On hearing this she l&ngh
llnglyllngly leaves him without telling her name. "TO BREED RESISTANT PLANTS.
Crops, Proof Against Insects or Disease Can
Be Grown by the Farmer.
The farmer's too greatest foes are
insects and plant diseases. He can,
by a proper rotation of crops and
fertilization, convert a poor into a rich
soil, and he can stimulate plant growth
by plenty of fertilization. By the
same process he can keep down the
weeds which rob his crops of nourish-
ment and moisture. He can, to a great
extent, overcome, with but little
trouble, all the various smaller hin
drances to crop growing — all but the
bugs and the blight. These twain are
hard to handle. None is so arrogant
as to profess indifferent to their at
tacks. Not many years ago they were
expected, not the less dreaded, espe
cially the blights and the rots and the
mildews; they were the natural visita
tions of providence. There was no
use trying to combat them. If they
came, they came. The farmer prayed
that they might not come that year.
Now, science has shown us that they
can, in most cases, be overcome. If
not overcome, they can be prevented.
Yet the process is often fraught with
great trouble and expense to the
farmer.
Now suppose a man could develop
a strain of plants so hardy that
blights and rust would pass them by
in disgust and so bitter and unsavory
for a bug that the hymenoptera, the
coleoptera and the other "toughs" of
the insect trust would pass by and
prefer to eat oak and hickory leaves?
It would be a cinch for that man,
would it not? He could sit in the
shade and hire myrmidons to do his
work, directing those close at hand
in person and those at a distance by
telephone. Such a condition may be
possible. The man who gets in first
would be the one to sit in the shade
and reap the advantage. Eventually
we would all get on to the scheme,
and, unless the population of the world
increased with accelerated rapidity,
there would be an over-production of
food products and prices would eventu-
ally get back to their present level,
so that we would all have to work
again.
The Department of Agriculture and
some of the experiment stations have
been working along this line of se
lecting resistant plants with the idea
of at least giving the enterprising
American farmer a good big start.
In the aggregate enormous crop
losses — millions and millions — are
caused by the attacks of inserts and
plant diseases. In dry weather in
sects are particularly abundant, and
in SBifc weather plant diseases flour
"JACKSON" COTTON ON THE LEFT, "DRAKE" ON THE RIGHT,
Comparative Resistance to Wilt Disease.
ish, while in average weather both do
the best they can to gather the crop
ahead of the farmer. Many plant dis
eases and insects can be controlled by
the various poisons, sprays, and cul
tural methods already discovered, but
for some — as, for example, the rust of
wheat, peach yellows, clover-seed fly,
etc. — satisfactory remedies have not
yet been discovered.
Some instances may be cited to show
just what is meant by resistant or im
mune varieties and their value. Grapes
furnish a striking example. Euro
pean grapes planted in this country
fail wherever the American grape-root
louse is present, because the louse is
able to attack and destroy the roots
of these varieties. The roots of na
tive American grapes are also attacked
by the same louse, but are so hard and
■wiry that the louse can not destroy
them. In other words they are re
sistant
The unusual resistance of the Keif
fer pear to blight has made it pos
sible to grow this pear in the South
ern States, where most other varie
ties fail because of blight. The va
riety of cowpea known as Little Iron
has proved so resistant to wilt disease
that in some fields it has survived
when all other varieties have been
killed. American gooseberries are but
little subject to the mildew which se
riously affects the larger English va
rieties when grown here. With nearly
every crop grown, some of its vari
eties are more resistant or immune to
some disease or insect attack than
others.
Some varieties of the same plant
are but little affected by a disease,
while others are badly injured. Va
riations in this respect also extend
to Individual plants of a given variety.
These facts have been utilized to
some extent in the origination of the
varlouß so-called "disease-proof" va
rieties which have been introduced
into culture — as, for example, the
"rust-proof" varieties of wheat, oats,
etc. As a rule, however, these varie
ties have not been developed by any
systematic, scientific methods of se
lection and breeding, and although a
few show merit, most of them have
-at measured tip to the claims made
■~r them. Tlir,;., La 76, however, served
GUY ELLIOTT MITCHELL
a very useful purpose in turning the
thought of scientific and practical men
as well, in the direction of the de
velopment of disease-resistant varieties
with results which promise to prove
of great practical utility
Potatoes.
During recent years the disease re
sistance of potatoes especially' has re
ceived attention by several of the
agricultural experiment stations in the
United States, notably those of Maine
Minnesota, and Vermont. A recent
bulletin of the Bureau of Plant In
dustry of the Department of Agricul
ture, prepared by L. R. Jones, of the
Vermont Station, summarizes and dis
cusses this work, and that along sim
ilar lines abroad, as well as the ex
perience of practical growers. Sum
marizing the results, Professor Jones
draws the following tentative con
elusions:
Disease resistance in potatoes is
relative, not absolute, no variety
known being wholly proof against late
blight and rot It seems related to
general vegetative vigor, and is, there
fore, in a measure dependent upon
cultural and developmental conditions
and tends to decrease with the age of
the variety. It can be restored by
originating new varieties from seed,
especially of hybrid origin. Not all
seedlings show superior disease re
sistance. • • •
Early varieties may escape the dis
ease by maturing before it becomes
epidemic, but when similarly exposed
they are, as a class, less resistant than
late varieties.
The source of seed tubers is a mat
ter of importance, northern-grown
seed giving plants the superior disease
resistance in Europe. Seed from a
crop that was not too highly fertilized
is probably preferable. Possibly tub
ers are better for seed purposes if dug
before they reach full maturity. High
fertilization, especially with nitro
genous manures, lowers the power of
the plant to resist both blight and
rot.
So far as skin characteristics are an
index, the red varieties with thick
and rough skin seem more resistant
as a class than the thin-skinned white
varieties. So far as stem and foliage
characters are concerned, the evi
dence favors the stem that is hard,
rough, and rather woody at the base,
and the leaf that is small, somewhat
rough, and dark colored.
In America trials as to disease re
sistance have been conducted at some
of the experiment stations, notably in
Vermont, where experiments in breed
ing and selection for increased re
sistance are under way. These results
have been correlated with information
recently secured by a circular of in
quiry addressed to a large number of
potato specialists in the Northeastern
States and in Canada. From these It
appears that a wide variation is shown
in disease resistance among the varie
ties now in cultivation in America,
but that no one variety is preeminent.
Among those which have been wide
ly tested, the following deserve men
tion as of the resistant class: Dakoto
Red, Rustproof, Irish, Cobbler, Sir
Walter Raleigh, Doe Pride, and White
Beauty.
In tests made at the Vermont sta
tion in 1905 the following varieties
Roots of "Iron" Cowpea, Resistant
to Root Knot.
showed marked resistance to blight on
I'oth sandy loam and clay loam soils:
Keeper, American Wonder. Dakoto
Red. Doe Pride, and Late Blightless.
Varieties having an upright habit
of growth, moderately branched, with
firm, hairy, medium-sized leaves are
much more likely to prove resistant to
late blight than are thoße with large,
smooth, flabby leaves and decumbent
stems.
The evidence at hand seems to
justify the hope that the combined ef
forts of potato specialists working
from both the practical and the scien
tific standpoints may soon result in
the development of varieties of pota
toes combining general excellence with
a high degree of disease resistance.
Cantaloupes.
A recent bulletin of the Colorado
Station reports the discovery by a
local grower of a rust-resisting canta
loupe which promises to be of im
mense value to the Rockyford canta
loupe industry. In this case seed of
the Rockyford variety was purchased
from five different seedsmen. They
were planted and cultivated under sim
ilar conditions. When rust attacked
the field just before the melons began
to ripen, it developed rapidly and soon
destroyed all the vines except those.
*ay'or Iron Black.
"IRON" COWPEA VS. "BLACK" AND "TAYLOR."
Showing Comparative Resistance to Wilt and Root Knot.
grown from the seed of one seedsman.
Many of the hills from this strain of
Rockyford seed remained green
throughout the season and produced
a good crop of melons. Further obser
vations in the muskmelon fields of
that neighborhood also showed that
wherever this strain of Rockyford seed
had been used many hills were unaf
fected with rust, while with other
strains of seed of the same variety
tne vines were all dead.
The investigator selected a quantity
of seed from the rust-resistant hills
and planted them in comparison with
ordinary seed. "On the rust-resisting
hills the melons were hidden under a
healthy growth of vines, and were
large, solidly netted, with thick, firm
flesh, small seed cavity completely
filled with seed. On the rusted hills
the plants were almost devoid of leaves
and the small melons were premature
ly ripe, with thin, watery flesh, open,
large seed cavity, and practically of
no market value."
In tracing back the history of this
Strain of seed it was found that some
years before a seedsman had saved the
first lot from a single healthy melon
taken from a field of rusted vines. It
had therefore been developed by the
simple process of saving seed from
the best melons produced by plants
which withstood attacks of rust when
surrounding plants were destroyed by
this disease. What was thus accom
plished by one farmer with one crop
can probably be accomplished by other
farmers with the same or with other
crops, if they will be alert, while the
crops are growing, to select and mark
individual plants which show excep
tional merit along the lines of pro
lific yield, early maturity, resistance to
disease, or other desirable quality, and
save seed separately from the plant
showing such qualities. Marked va
riations which may be profitably util
ized in this way are constantly occur
ring and are plainly evident on all
farms.
The point to be emphasized is that
improvements in farm crop varieties
nearly always trace back to individual
plants. No one is in better position
to notice these exceptional plants than
the farmer. He is in his fields, gar
den, or orchard, every day, where these
exceptional plants are produced. If
one plant in a rust-infected wheat
field stands up green and free from
the disease, that is a plant to save
seed from as the basis of a rust-re
sistant strain. If one hill of pota
toes in a blighted field remains unaf
fected by disease, seed from that hill
may produce a blight-resistant variety.
If a squash pfcnt is found that is dis
tasteful to the squash bug, seed from
that hill may produce squash vines
which the bugs will not molest.
The Important fact is that some
plants are much more resistant to dis
ease and insect attacks than others.
It is a question of seeing the resistant
Roots of "Wonderful" Oowpea," At
tacked by Root Knot.
plant and propagating from it. The
farmer has as ereat opportunity for
tfoing this as the seedsman.
The gold money of the world Is $4.
61 for each inhabitant and the grold
money in the United States Is $16.33
(or each inhabitant
STYLES FOR WARM WEATHER.
Fashions for Heated Term are in
Harmony with comiort.
BY BERTHA BROWNING.
The summer fashions have become
qu^e as settled as they are apt to dur
ing the season, and those wardrobes
which are just preparing have the ad
vantage of being exactly what is de
sired rather than an uncertain fore
cast. The woman who enjoys the cool
breezes of her own veranda rather than
the uncertain comforts of some other
may utilize many a summer morning
in fashioning pretty blouses of thin
material and dainty little coats of lace
or lingerie fabrics. It is the detail
which makes up the fashionable ward
robes, and any woman who is clever
with her fingers may make these
small garments or accessories without
>a great deal of expense, and satisfy
her desire lor becomingness and style.
Summer gowns are real summei
gowns this year, and Mistress Fashion
seems to be more in Harmony with
comfort than for some years past.
Waists may be elaborately inset with
lace or embroidered, but they are
simply made and with lacey collars or
low, round or Dutch square necks.
Everyone is wearing elbow sleeves ex
cept those with scrawny arms, and for
them there are sheer undersleeves
which conceal any number of ugly
lines. Guimps, too, are popular fea
ture this year, and may be purchase 1
reasonably in all manner of pretty
styles or be made at home? Some of
the daintiest effects are realized in the
combination of Valencinnes and swiss
or lawn.
The delicately colored slips are ap
pearing again, and under the sheer
j white dresses are quite enchanting. A
white embroidered Swiss over a pink
slip has a deep yoke of Dutchess lace
inlet with Valencinnes. The skirt is
frothy with frills and tucks of the self
material and inset and cross-strapped
with Valencinnes. The belt is of palest
pink chifton ribbon. Small capes are
again looked upon with favor, espe
cially the little mantles which go with
three-piece suits or those of lace or
lingerie fabric which grace thin sum
mer frocks. The return of these is
probably due to the return of the small
bolero which has appeared in all man
ner of shapes and styles, the sleeves
of which often resemble cape-like af
fairs.
The long gloves which are worn with
short sleeves are held up in a novel
way by wristlets of elastic covered
with shirred ribbon and finished at the
top with a buckle or tiny rosette of
ribbon. These are worn just below
the elbow or above wherever the glove
is supposed to end. They hold the
glove in place admirably and are a
pretty addition to the toilette. The fa
vorite color for these bracelets is black,
but any color of glove is matched in
these tiny accessories.
The population of the British emntrp
Is 400.000.000 and the area 11,908,37?
square miles.
Thp prpatest iron producing state in
the South Is Alabama. Virginia comes
socond, Tennessee third, Maryland
fourth and West Virginia fifth.
T The amount of property flestrove<l
b by fire in the United States in the last
f forty years Is Incalculable. More than
o one million buildings have been
b burned in the last ten years.
CITO Permnnpntlv rur«l. ornerTou^ne«B aft«»r
I I I O ">st rt»j'B ti«»* of T>r. Kllne'n Oreat Nerre He-
storor. Scnl for FREK $200 trial bottle and treatise
Dr. It. H. Kusk. Ltcd., 031 Arch St., Philadelphia, Pa.
Germany makes more than 1700
varieties of sausages.
The grape harvest of California Is
about 750,000 tons valued at $15,U00,
000.
Ink and fruit stains may be removed
from white linens and cottons by
soaking them for a few hours in kero
sene, then washing in hot water.
Dew forms more readily on some
colors than on others. It forms more
readily on yellow objects, next on
those that are green. It forms slowly
on anything red, and most slowly on
black.
Fat People
TO AM. SUFFERERS FROM TOO BITCH FAT
A Till 1 1, TRKAT9IEXT WILL BE SKIT -n
■ AS A FREE GIFT BY SIMPLY ■ " ' ' I
ASKING FOB IT. V. V '
THE DAXGEROVS BEMSI mt SBABOH WITH
ITS TERRIBLE AND EXHAUSTLVG HEAT
IS NOW BPOJI VS. EVERY DIME OF
SUPERFLUOUS FAT iIS 111 KDEV- -
■ SOME, UXHEALTHY AXD BRIXGB
MUCH MISERY A.I'D DAXGEB '
. WHICH MAY MEAX DEATH.
■■■ /• '■■ '■■ " ; - V' : -
/^j^ ' I can reduce your weight . <
y^BtOk Bto 5 pounds a week. No 1
fflh Ok starving, no exercising, do 1
w ~SKV% nauseating drugs nor tick-
- v -x. lU cn >ng pills that ruin the ,
fC.^ ~';W stomach. lam a regular I
' I * I \ practicing physician and a 1
.^Uw' ■ -.--V.-' __ specialist in the ,
' J^V, succetslul r> due- l
~>_^ ' ■ '-^^^P tion of superfluous |
W ■'■! ,^r ' \ fat. ■My perfected
-■ •" • ■- : -j^ - . I treatment quickly ;
Sol. ■'£ 1.-_^^^Bl^ v A! relieves you from
tjap*" Jl'JWi '^lfc-.Ti^that feeling of full-
I ness and oppres-
m lion, strengthens your heart,
and enable* you to breathe easily, and when yon
have reduced your flesh to the desired weight, you
will never become stout again. Your face and
figure will be well shaped. Your skin will be clear
and handsome and you will (eel and look years
younger. . Double or und^r-chin, flabby cheeks,
heavy abdomen, fat hips and other disagreeable
evidences of Obesity are speedily and permanently
removed. The flesh becomes firm and solid and
t he muscles regain strength, activity and vigor.
My treatment is recommended by eminent phy-
sicians and the highest medical authorities. Prom-
inent physicians themselves an my patients. I
absolutely guarantee satisfaction in every case.
I send my new book on " Obesity— lts Cause and
Cure," free to all interested: also a free trial
treatment. -Write me confidentially. ■ ■ -■ ,
H. C BBuTf OB). MJ.. 20 East St. Dtpt 496. New York Oft.
I PALISADE PATTERNS.
- ■ ••;• ■-'-.;■/:■:■'■■'■■ '■■.'{'■""■■' ■-^v.fv- ; ; -■■.••. >-'^u ■;,•.«
jOfe §~#A A PRACTICAL APRON
WgjEiS^l ' TW^^ . Designed by Bertha Browning.
1 \V T'• ',1 Jr Sjy Aprons are always a topic of interest to the
; ■ x/^^. ■* ' /fill '\ ■ , \ '■■'■• housewife or any woman who has duties to
/717. /I \ -^ perform as they are not only a necessary evil
'/fly ljl J&3ES.-1 'I 4 but a necessary good. Percale and denim are
l^% A yM /^HRkwi' / J sturdy stuffs for aprons which must do hard
■'•\v f''JK*jLß|l < jmigfffl \v\ ' "l" 1^^ general service where no ruffles or gathers ap-
\'HKj IaBV V ra\ 1 ear and this design is exactly suited to such
\|k§|§PlP|wX « I ' use and development. No ruffles or gathersadd
m- : ' itP'rV ' to the la^ or °£ making and laundering this
JHJH me" I apron while the bib portion is broadfcnough to
' \fifflj Hr /* I cover the front of the blouse and sosshaped as
FW& mm II to suggest the Princess effect. The fitting of
if Mm KFj-J,y tne ron t by gores renders it becoming and
(iAJISBH^B* fiU7/! practical. The skirt portion offers complete
vTI BEnwft *, ' " protection for the skirt. Percale, gingham or
V\S&BHJA^^Hfc ' another apron material may develop the model.
\ flHsaßSlllFi WA '■' Four and three-fourth yards of 36-inch material
f; WffilliHKSSaSfSP I vtffflL ' are necessary in the medium sizes.
/f''nP'j ■/& 8476— Sizes, small, medium and large.
J^^mß^^^^Bk' ' palisade pattern co.,
mHBtKBi «\ 17 Battery Place New York City.
A For 10 CentS enclosed please send pattern
; No. 6478 to the following address :
i |I|s» NAME
s^Jifcii.,-..', '■'''■ IH&S' ADDRESS
- CITY and STATE
■ Number 6476. ' """ .".
PRICE, 10 CENTS EACH. ..!........„. J............1
WAjNiTiEDI
I Wanted— Men to Fill Good Positions
1 1 The Internationa!. Corrbsfondbncb Schools, that great institu-
I 8 tion that has done so much in the past and is doing so much every
II ■''; minute for working men and women, offers you a direct and easy way
1 I to help yourself to a most desirable position in the trade or profession
lil that best suits your taste and ambition. ..
I I _ The I. C. S. plan enables you to help yourself right where you are,
jll . without losing an hour's work or a dollar of pay ; without changing
I 1 positions until you are ready to step into the one you desire ; without
1 I obligating you to pay more than your present salary will afford no
Ij I matter how small it is.
{I Special Self-Help Offer— Start Now!
■B - To assist those who have been hesitating, the I. C. S. has inaugu-
1 18 •"; rated the most remarkable plan of self-help ever conceived.
111 - Between May 15th and July Ist, everyone asking for information
■|H will be entitled to a special discount if they decide to enroll. This
SMM gives you every advantage the I. C. S. has to offer at a cost so small
lIS '■■ and terms so easy that the last barrier is removed.
I H There is absolutely .
j lifl no charge for infor- |BSBSBSSBSSSSSS^S^SSS33SBS
1 Iflß motion. Simply select _*<■.; _
jI 1 from the list the kind of Hp rp it A I Scf t\T
II . occupation you prefer, **vIC IS A U^flOl. VIX ■
11 writing a postal card to f***.^.A Vi s^^lA-l ~.~*~.
I the International j UOOQ "OSI" OS1 tIOIIS
1 CORRESPONDBNCB „ , , ' , ■.. . • _^_, .
11 crnnms nskinir how Select the one you prefer, write a postal to
I bCHOOLS, asking now nje internaMonal Corresponden« Schools, iox9lJ
I m you can become a sue- Scranton. Pa., and ask how you can qualify to fill it
III M cess in that position. at a good salary.
l :|||'j By return mail you will : Be sure and mention the position you prefer:
IKB receive books, litera- Bookkeeper Mechanical Drjftimaa
'' II I ture and helpful advice Stenographer foreman Plumber
ill it,™t ™ll cnrr,n'e» mil Advertisement Writer JLlec. Lighting Supt
I "^t^T SU^ nSe yO . U : Show Card Writer Mechan. Engineer
1 Write the postal Window Trimmer Surveyor
I™ card to-day. INTER- Commercial Law foi Stationary Cniincci
il .Ti»m»>t f^rvßnws Stenographer! Civil Lnginccr
[I that will surprise you. Illu.trator Wnter Buildins Contractor
1 Write the postal Window Trimmer Surveyor
B card to-day. INTER- Commercial Law for Slationary engineer
I .T.^T^vru Pr>DBW« Slenoguphen Civil Lngincer
I NATIONAL «_ORRES Illujtrator Building Contnetor
lil PONDENCE SCHOOLS, Civil Service Architect "l Draftsman
'"M Box QI7 Scranton, Pa. Chemist Architect
'■HRm. * Textile Mill Supt. Structural E-ngineer
Mi%^^^___^^ r __^ r^ , electrician Bridge tnginecr
,j^^^^^^^^!^H|Sl^^^S^^^S dec. Lnginetl Milling Lnjineer
' ':U MALE HELP WANTED. ~:%3y\
ADVERTISING men adept In writing copy si*
sought lor constantly. \v c need such men. at once.
Salaries tuoo-taiui Write us ttMiay. UAPQUODb.
bnitel«B,a)&-a)»tiroaaway. N.Y. .-. ■ ■ ,
AM EXPERIENCED NUBS KEY Salesman, also a
man to learn tne business, Salary or mmniiiiwou,
Pan-American .> ur»c Rochester, >. Y. -
WANTED : A Hundred Firemen and Braacmen on
different railroads. Age M to at), good slglit and
bearing. Experience unnecessary, ilrea.cn ill>-
monthiy. become Engineers ana earn **v brako-
men «7u montdly, become conductors and earn tUOL
Potations awaiting competent men. bend stamps lor,
particulars. Jyume position prefemd. itajiway
Association, Room 66. Xfl Monroe Street, Brooklyn
WANTED: Amateur photographs suitable for
KSj? nd Jl 1!ln ■""***>• Malfprint and price .
wlUi postage for return If not accepted, to The Oeo.
K. Lawrence Company, 274 Wabash Aye., Chicago- i
_SALESMEN TO SELL the largest line of souvenir
post cards In the country. Also Targe line ofadver-
fistoßfans. Excellent side line. Good Comm£«lo£
and Prompt Settlement. Alfred HolzminT
Usher. 340 Dearborn St.. Chicago, 111. "™" - " ID
MEN & BOYS 'WANTED to learn the Plumbing
Trade. Complete the course In 2or 3 months. Ju-
niors earn from (3 to $4 per day. With 6 months'
experience outside, yon can join the Union and de-
mand $4 to $5 per day. Catalogue sent free. Union
Plumbing School, W. 29th St. New York. ■- ~T
/■ LADIES' APPAREL. >
SHIRT WAIST HOLDER EXTRAORDINAftY—
keeps waist down all around : no pins or hooks to
tear : send 25c. with waist measurement over corset
»nd ask for white or black. Felix Corset Co., 131
Pine Stre»t New York. ~~V\"
■■■ FRECKLES
REMOVED
"•■ out pwilhrrto mm in
I no* of ftreUr* wltli
MißßS^^^mM^W I KTILUUK'S FRECKLE (HUH
Rnt'l Tlil«l« ■ ilmj uarrlloa. bit
I ** .111 n-rnmi yiur ami-) lrM
I mSHm^^UK ■ •""*"**• °™ "*"<ij I* ay*.
■■rf I PU-"! for Ihl. onf ■llW.t. Writs
Wf stmu> FtoUo Cnan o*
If WOT "■■■■ :a " l»-pl. "10." Aarera,M.
1
»H,BQxaiJ«_Oß.BftlfSi!U,\
1 ■M :. W t ' Earn this newly Invented BREECH
R VI . LOADING GUN or BASE BALL
\3>v y OUTFIT, consisting of large Mitt.
Vl/. Cap. and One Base Ball by selling
_«»-- . 24 splendid lead pencils at oc. each.
irflySfffll ' It's dead easy ; boys we trust you.
jM}i||||ll<i| Write for Pencils and circular
' 4Ss'' iuilw showing Gun, Indian Suits, Target
and other premiums. -.■.-.
[SfY\\ Thirteenth Street Lead
nil k Pencil Co., ' V
\\«>y ' ; 830 W. 13th Street, New York. ' v