THE OLDEST PAPER
Has largest circulation
Best advertising medium
It pays the Business Man to
Advertise in the Ledger.
Magazine Section.
CAUGHT MONSTER FISH.
,ADY ANGLER LANDED BIG JEW
FISH OFF SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND, CALIFORNIA.
Inn? Monsters of Three Hundred
Pounds and Upwards are Now
Caught With Rod and Reel-Jew
fish a Gamey Fellow.
Women who enjoy angling, and, in
act, everybody who likes to hunt and
in, will be interested in the exploit
kith rod and reel of Mrs. A. W. Bar
rett of Loe Angeles, Cal. The fish in
le case was a black sea bass, or Jew-
ish, of the Pacific Ocean, weight 368
tounds, caught off Santa Catalina Isl-
nd, Cal., last month by Mrs. Barrett
fter 53 minutes of strenuous battle.
The black sea bass of the Pacific —
ne of the gamiest of its kind— is in
Bason on the Southern California
oast from about April to November,
nd affords favorite sport to anglers of
oth sexes. Owing to its great size, it
annot. of coarse, be pulled with rod
pd line into the boat, so, after one is
ooked, the plan is to play it and tire
; out and then, as it comes exhausted
> the surface of the water alongside
le boat, the boatman thrusts his gaff
ito it and tows the conquered levia
lan ashore.
Up to twelve years ago no one
earned of landing these monsters of
le deep, except with heavy hand lines;
ut since General C. D. Viele, U. S. A.,
ie summer day in 1894 managed to se
lre one with rod and reel, no true
igler thinks of fishing for them in any
ther way than with a rod.
A well-known fisherman, in describ
g his experience with this fish in the
ature Library states that he has seen
200 pound black sea bass or jewfish
tap the largest shark line like a
tread, and large specimens straighten
it an Iron shark-hook, while at the
ime time skilled wielders of the rod
itch these giants of the tribe with a
ie no larger- than an eye-glass cord.
His first experience with the Cali
irnia jewfish was a most remarkable
ie.
"When we got out to the fishing
ound," he stated, "the anchor was
ssed over, the rope ran merrily out,
id the hook baited with a 6-pound
hitefish, went hissing down to the big
bmerged rock.
" 'Sometimes he bite, sometimes he
>n't' remarked Joe; 'but whether he
> or not we have the flshin' all the
ime.' And he looked at me inquir
gly, to see if I was of that variety
GIANT JEWFISH CAUGHT BY MRS. BARRETT.
fishermen who are never satisfied
less the fish are always on the line.
so happened that I found pleasure
the mere anticipation: and we sat
ent for half an hour, I holding the
robbing line that the ebbing tide
lyed upon as the string of a musical
(trument * • • I glanced at my
mpanion, and was wondering if in
veins ran the blood of the Aztecs
(of the Indians whom Cabrillo and
iers found here centuries ago when
nta Catalina was an empire in it
f and owned by them, when sud
ily I became aware that ue ter
m of the line I held had increased
a steady pull; then came a jerk that
Tied my hand into the water.
'Jewfish, sure!' whispered Joe,
akened from his reverie by my ex
mation, 'Slack!'
'I paid out the line, while he seized
i anchor-line and made ready to
ll up.
1 'Give him 10 feet, and then hook!'
re my orders.
The Amador Ledger.
"I was an old shark fisherman, hav
ing caught many of these monsters hi
the Mexican Gulf, and had taken a
Florida jewfish and a tarpon; and I
saw that work of a similar kind was
before me now. The line jerked
heavily in my hand, then began to
run steadily. When about 6 feet had
gone over the gunwale i stopped, gave
a glance at the coil to see that all was
clear, and when the line came taut
jerked the hook Into my first jewfish.
"I have every reason to believe that
the latter was astonished, as for a
single second there was no response;
then came a jerk that almost lifted me
from the boat and the line went hiss
ing over the rail like a living thing,
playing a merry horn_>ipe of its own
composition. Nothing could stop such
a r ish, and I simply waited, while Joe
pulled up the anchor. When the latter
was in, I grasped the line and braced
back for the fight The light boat
whirled around like a top, and away
we went, like a tug surging through
the water, an ominous wave of foam
rising high aronnd the bow.
"A 10-foot shark never pulled harder
than this gamey fish, and for 5 minutes
it was a question who was master. I
took it in with the greatest difficulty,
gaining 10 feet, only to have the fish
rush toward me and then dash away
with an impetus that was more than
irresistible. Then I would stop him
again, slowly making foot by foot
hand over hand, taking a turn on the
cleat, slacking and pulling, in attempts
to tire the monster — tactics that for a
while were of no avail.
"One of the tricks of this fish was
to stop aid jerk his head from side
to side violently, a proceeding that pro
duced an effect equivalent to striking
blows at the holder of the line — tre
mendous jerks that came, one, two,
three! then one, two, three! — then the
line would slacken as the fish rushed
up. And if I took the line in quickly
enough to prevent a turn, well and
good; if I did not, the fish would turn
and dash at the bottom, making every
thing hum and sing.
"Giving and taking, hauling and eas
ing off, for 20 minutes, I was almost
satisfied that I had done my whole
duty in the premises, when suddenly
the fish rushed up, and recovering, I
took in slack, and with a final effort
brought the black giant to the surface.
For a moment I saw a pair of eyes
as large as those of an ox, a rich chest
nut black, and then, with a tremen.
dous heave, the fish threw itself over
deluging me with water and half cap
sizing the boat It was the last
struggle. I kept my hold, and with
another haul had the king of Pacific
coast at hands-length, where it rolled
and tossed, its huge tail bathing us
with spray, protesting against its cap
ture.
"What a wonderful creature it was!
The experience of the moment, the
sensations, could not have been pur
chased. It was worth going a long
way to accomplish: Imagine, you
casters of the black-bass fly, a small
mouthed black bass lengthened out to
six feet, bulky in proportion, a giant
black bass — one increased to a size
that tips the scales' at 347 pounds!
Imagine this, and you have the jew
fish, black sea-bass, of the Pacific
coast — a noble fish, a gamey fellow.'
"It has always been doubted that a
large jewfish could be taken on a rod;
but during the summer of '94 I went
to the jewfish grounds one August day
with Major Charles Viele of the
United States army, and watched him
bring a jewflsh of 103 pounds' weight
to terms, on a Tufts — Llyou yellow-tail
rod of 16 ounces and a No. 21 Cutty
hunk line, in just 2% hours!
JACKSON, AMADOR COUNTY, CAL., JUNE 22, 1906.
CANNON AT SEVENTY.
A GREAT ADO MADE OVER THE
ANNIVERSARY OF "UNCLE
JOE'S" BIRTHDAY.
Greeted With Hearty Applause on
the Floor of the House and Honor
ed With Reception Which all Official
Washington Society Attended.
There were great doings hi Wash
ington town last month when "Uncle
Joe" Cannon, the "Czar" of the House
of Representatives reached his seven
tieth year.
In the first place a great storm of
cheers greeted the Speaker when he
appeared on the floor of the House.
Both Republican and Democratic
members applauded the Illinois states
man long and loud, Mr. Cannon ac
knowledging the salutation with a
homely bow.
In the evening, official Washington
honored the Speaker at a reception
tendered him by the House of Repre
sentatives, where some 1500 guests
were invited. That the passage of
"UNCLE JOE" CANNON.
time was not worrying Uncle Joe was
manifested by the hearty hand-clasps
with which he greeted his friends, as
well as the salutations extended to
those who confused years with age.
Uncle Joe was "seventy years young."
President Roosevelt joined in the
ovation, offering the Speaker his
htarty congratulations, not because he.
was getting old, but because he was
doing it gracefully. Mr. Cannon did
two things which might worry many
a younger man. First he had.to sign
something over a thousand photo
graphs of himself, which were given to
the guests as souvenirs, and again he
shook hands with the guests upon re
ceiving an equal number of personal
congratulations.
There were many sly digs and re
marks regarding the buzzing of the
presidential bee around Mr. Cannon's
head, and one of the throng remarked
at the close of the reception, "Any man
who can stand and shake hands with
twelve hundred or more persons be
tween nine and twelve o'clock, and not
show signs of fatigue, is well fit to
enter the presidential race, and ought
to enjoy the prize if he wins it"
There were many friends present
from Danville, 111., who had sent a
number of handsome wreaths and
floral decorations. Mr. Cannon, how
ever, is a native of Guilford, N. C,
and if his friends have their way the
Speaker will be the first Southern man
since the war to become a White
House occupant
Speaking seriously of the presidency,
Mr. Cannon said, "No man would de
cline to become President of the
United States, but not all men can af
ford to be a candidate for the place.
The bee is not bothering me. I want
to do my work as Speaker; that will be
glory enough for me, and if I were
a candidate I'd have to lie about my
age, and I'd have to live constantly In
fear and trembling, not as to whether
I'm doing my duty, but as to whether,
by doing my duty, I wouldn't give of
fense to somebody.
"I guess I'll just go along and 'tend
my own business."
BASEBALL AT WASHINGTON.
Games Played Before Cabinet Offl
cerst Diplomats, and Congress
men.
At the base ball games In Washing
ton., the learned Justices of the United
States Supreme Court, law makers of
both Houses of Congress, members of
the Cabinet and the diplomatic corps,
sit side by side with the merchant,
artisan and government clerk, all
keenly enjoying the national pastime.
The big men of this and other nations
in the capital are base ball fans of
the highest degree, and are glad to
eschew court decisions, railroad and
other legislation, national and inter
national topics for the less weighty
decisions of the diamond. As soon as
business can be transacted at the
Capitol and in the departments it Is
customary for these distinguished
base ball enthusiasts to betake them
selves to National Park for an after
noon of enjoyment, rooting for their
favorite teams and resting from af
fairs of State.
The different teams throughout the
country like to visit Washington for
the privilege of playing before the
most distinguished spectators to be
found in any country on the globe.
Members of the local teams very
quickly recognize the faces of the on
lookers and take pardonable pride in
pointing out to the visitors the big
guns of the nations. It is an Impartial
crowd too, which sits in judgment on
the work of the athletes on the dia
mond and good play is appreciated and
applauded no matter which side makes
the exhibition. There are nine judges
on the Supreme Court bench and a
majority at the ball park is not an
unusual spectacle. A quartet is a cer
tainty, comprising Associate Justices
Harlan, Day, McKenna and White,
who can often be seen engaged in
discussing a knotty point regarding
a foul or strike, or close base play,
showing as much seriousness as
though some intricate problem re
garding the flag, the Philippines or
the tariff was under question. Justice
Day is probably the best posted on
the national game of any of his asso
ciates on the Supreme bench, for he
has played it, and never misses an
exhibition when he is in the city, and
a ball game is advertised.
ARDENT CONGRESSIONAL FANS.
There are nearly five hundred con
gressmen In the two branches of the
national legislature md it is pretty
safe to predict that fully one-half oi
this number are interested attendants
during the championship season. They
are not at all dismayed at the pros
pect of a long season of Congress
when sure of an afternoon's recrea
tion following a long-drawn war of
words at the Capitol earlier in the
day.
President Roosevlt a few weeks
ago, was presented with a golden pass,
entitling him to free admission to all
ball games in the National and Ameri
can Leagues and circuits. He prom
ised the presentation committee to en
deavor to occasionally visit the ball
park in Washington and witness the
ball games played there. Frequently
his son-in-law, Nick Longworth and
his wife occupy seats in the grand
stand, preferring to be among the en
thusiastic gathering than to a^ ■11
themselves of the President's pass and
a seat in the private box.
When ijere is n call of the House
or Senate and the sergeant-at-arms Is
charged with the duty of bringing in
absentees the first place to which the
deputies are sent, if the base ball sea
son is on, is out to the ball park.
One of the most picturesque spec
tators at National Park is the Chinese
minister in flowing oriental robes,
usually accompanied by his little son.
When he was a student at Amhersi
the Chinese minister played on his
class team, and he Is initiating his
heir into the mysteries of the Amer
ican game.
MIGHTY ONES OF THE LAND.
Three of the President's official fam
ily. Attorney General Moody, Post
master General Cortelyou and Secre
tary. Metcalf of Commerce and Labor,
dispel the Irksome, routine of depart
ment life by going out to the ball
game whenever they can steal away
from their desks. They generally sit
together and, being pastmasters in the
art, keep score and compare notes as
to base hits and errors. Attorney Gen
eral Moody has a warm spot in his
heart for the catcher, having played
that position when he was a collegian.
Vice-President Fairbanks wants a
front seat when he goes out to witness
the national game, his favorite place
being just back of first base, where he
can command an uninterrupted view
of the entire field.
Surgeon General Wyman was a
pitcher in his early days, and when
not busy with quarantine matters or
other details relating to the public
health he finds his greatest enjoyment
in witnessing a cMmplonshlp contest
between two evenly matched teams.
One of the first things Prof. Willis
Moore of the Weather Bureau looks
for in bis morning newspaper is the
base ball record. This is contingent
upon the fact, however, that he has
not been a spectator, for the professor
never fails to answer present when
he can get away from the study oi
prognostications. Moreover, he is frt»
quently Imdemand, c rlier in the day,
to predict if the weather can be de
pended upon for v goiltt.
A Kindly Smile.
Mrs. Coxe has the same kindly greet
ing for every one, whether he be the
miner, blackened with the grime and
dust of the mine, or in a higher sta
tion of life. She suggests to the parent
that in the home there should be im
portant training of the children, but
the idea is never advanced excepting in
a spirit of kindliness and of the broad
est kind of sympathy. Her love for
the masses is not simulated; it is the
joy of her heart. She has paid the rent
for many a widow and orphan; has
helped out so that the little ones may
attend school, and has provided the
mother with employment so that the
home may be kept together.
Mrs. Coxe's home, like her life, is the
paragon of modesty; she leads the
"simple life" in all its real- simplicity.
Her chief aim seems to be to assist the
poor and needy. She has no pet phil
anthropies; there are no endless calls
upon her time from society folk; there
are no wonderful gowns, no costly mil
linery; no splendor of jewels, laces or
sables adorn her person. It is not,
after all, the charity which she dis
penses that has won for her the love
and admiration of the toilers of the
mines, and that of their wives and lit
tle ones, but it is the purity of her
character that constantly teaches a
beautiful lesson, not only to the mining
town, but to the world at large which
may study to its own improvement the
generous, unselfish, sacrificing life of
this noble woman.
A folding baby carriage is on the market.
This will be a great boon to worried
fathers, as you can shut the baby up at
any time.
A SURE SAFEGUARD.
CO-OPERATION AMONG PRODUC
ERS A FOUNDATION FOR AN EN
DURING SOCIAL STRUCTURE
An Address by George H. Maxwell
at Bloomington, 111., Showing How
This Principle Will Overcome Op
pression by Combination of Capital.
Mr. President ana Gentlemen of the
Convention: —
I am a profound believer in the capa
city of the human race to work out the
high destiny of which it Is capable if
its genius is rightly directed. lam a
most extreme optimist in my expec
tations of what the people of this na
tion will eventually accomplish in se
curing in fact as well as in theory not
only equal rights, but equal opportun
ity for all men and the achievement by
all our people of the highest average
standard of life of which all are cap
able and which can be brought within
the reach of all.
Unless this is accomplished our
boasted civilization will be but a
wave on the great ocean of time, ris
ing into a brief existence, only to be
submerged, as all the civilizations that
have gone before us have been sub
merged, beneath the rottenness and
corruption which has followed in
evitably in the wake of vast accumu
lation of wealth, and the gradual ab
sorption of the land into great estates.
HANDWRITING ON THE WALL.
Already in this country the hand
writing is on the wall, and he who
runs may read the warning which
Byron painted in words when he
wrote:
"There is a moral of all human tales,
'Tis but the same rehearsal of the past.
First freedom, and then glory — when that
fails,
Wealth, vice, corruption — barbarism at
last,
And history, with all her volumes vast,
Hath but one page."
Our history will not be written on
that page, and I am here to tell you
why, and to tell you that your move
ment in the line of co-operation is one
of the reasons why we will escape the
fate that has at last destroyed all the
great nations of the past
But we have already reached the
stage of "wealth — viee — corruption."
No one who knows what goes on in this
country doubts that for a moment.
If any one questions it he should read
the recently published book entitled
"The Shame of the Citi" " by Lincoln
Steffens.
How are these dangers to be safe
guarded against?
THE CAR OF JUGGERNAUT.
1 It cannot be done by purifying the
cities, because they cannot be purified.
Man will not rise above his environ
ment or the dominating influence of
that environment, and the influence
which controls all things in our mod
ern city is the mad race for wealth.
It Is a car of juggernaut which crushes
public and private integrity and
morality and every just conception of
patriotism under its wheels as it rolls
ruthlessly onward, driven by the
multitude who are ready to sacrifice
not only themselves, but their country
in the great gamble for quickly gained
wealth.
We closed up the Louisiana lottery
in a burst of righteous public indigna
tion, because it was encouraging the
gambling mania and corrupting the
people.
The district attorney of New York
has recently set the machinery of the
law in motion to stop the operations of
a gambler named Canfield.
In St Louis and Grand Rapids the
foul brood of bribe-givers and bribe
takers has been held up to derision
and disgrace, and a few of them may
be punished.
COOPERATIVE COMMONWEALTH
But we have gone so far that cor
ruption has become a business system
and conditions in our cities will breed
two corruptionists where one is pun
ished. Those conditions get worse and
worse as the profits of preying upon
the people become greater with the
increase of the population of our cities ;
and our political and social institutions
are rotting at their very sour^-
The corruption of our cities will in
evitably taint and in the end control
our national politics and the adminis
tration of our national government —
Unless —
And here is the only safeguard —
Unless we plant the great majority
of our people on the soil and maintain
it there, and the people themselves
learn to do for themselves by co
operation, so that in the end we shall
eventually become a great co-operative
commonwealth.
I am not proposing socialism, as its
devotees understand it, or as it is
usually defined and understood, as a
remedy.
I am proposing the exact opposite
of it
I am proposing the very highest
form of individual rights, opportunity,
activity and development
Socialism is to dream about doing
things, and to begin at the wrong end
and fail.
Co-operation Is to do things, and to
begin at the right end and succeed.
Co-operation is evolution — not revo
lution.
Evolution is the law of God.
Evolution is the natural law which
has controlled the creation of the
earth and all that there is on it
It is the law of the development of
the human race, and we need only to
learn its lessons and study it as a
method for the solution of every social
problem to save the people of this
nation from the social and political
dangers that confront them to-day.
The trouble with most theories for
the reform or betterment of social con
ditions is that they are too radical.
Reformers of that class plan an at
JOB PRIMING, CITY RATES
You can get your Billheads
Letter Heads, etc. printed at
the Ledger for less than you
can buy blank stock for else
where.
Envelops, per 1000 - - $3.00
Fosters, 1-4 sheet, 50 for - 1.50
" Half sheets " - 2.06
tractive theory, and then urge its adop
tion all at once as a substitute for
social conditions which have been a
slow growth through the centuries.
GROWTH MUST BE GRADUAL.
They would create a tree instantly
and have it all complete and perfect at
its creation, doing it while you*watch
them, like a Hindoo juggler. They
are not content to plant the acorn and
let the sturdy oak of social strength
grow gradually in accordance with the
law of nature and as was intended by
the all-wise Creator.
But we cannot charge Nature' 9
laws.
They are as unchangeable as the
stars.
Whatever men may do they must
first learn to do.
Every oppression from which the
producers of this country or any other
sufferer to-day Is because they have
not learned or been trained to do for
themselves the things which they
leave It to others to do for them.
And those to whom they leave such
things to be done, plan to make the
greatest possible profit to themselves
for doing them.
It is human nature that they should
and always has been and always will
be so.
THE DELUSIONS OF POLITICS.
The delusion that you can protect
producers from such oppressions by
making laws or by electing this man
or that man to office or putting this
political party or that political party
in power, is a delusion which has long
been maintained by a multitude of
people.
But it is only a question of time
when those who are misguided by this
delusion will awaken from their
dream, and learn that there is no help
for them but to help themselves and
do things for themselves.
This great movement in the direc
tion of doing things for themselves by
co-operative methods among producers
from the land is something- more than
a mere question of profit and loss.
It is the slow awakening of a slum
bering giant, who is just beginning to
feel his strength, and when he has
finally raised himself up to his full
height, and trained his mind so that
It can direct for his own protection all
the faculties which God has given him,
he will look back with surprise and
astonishment at the days when he
imagined he was bound hand and foot
by the Liliputians by .whom he was
surrounded.
AWAKENING OP THE GIANT.
And It Is In the awakening and
training of this giant — a symbolical
embodiment of the abilities and ener
gies of the people themselves, which
is the hope of this nation for the
future.
You cannot oppress a man who
draws the rewards of his toll straight
from nature's treasure vaults — gets it
from the land itself — land which he
owns — land on which no money lender
holds a mortgage — provided, always,
that that man has learned to co-op
erate with his fellow men of the same
class, to do for themselves the things
which It is beyond the power of the
individual man to do for himself — the
things which require the combined
and co-operative effort of many men
to accomplish.
THE PHILOSOPHY OF RUSKIN.
The broad solution of our social
problems which I am presenting to
you contemplates the creation of con
ditions in this country under which
we will carry into practical effect the
sound philosophy of Ruskin when he
said:
"But since we live in an epoch of
change and too, probably, of revolu
tion, and thoughts which are not to
be put aside are in the minds of all
men capable of thought I am obliged
to affirm the one principle which can
and in the end will close all epochs
of revolution — that each man shall
possess the ground he can use, and no
more."
It contemplates as a part of our
public school system that every boy
should be trained so that he will know
how to till the land for a livelihood.
It contemplates that the rush to the
cities shall be stopped by the better
ment of all the conditions of rural life
— good roads, near-by neighbors, rural
telephones, net works of electric rail
ways, rural free delivery, thickly
settled communities and towns and
villages in close proximity to every
farm home, so that every farmer may
enjoy as well as the city dweller the
advantages of schools and churches
and libraries and gymnasiums, and
where art and music may be studied
for enjoyment in the home as well as
In the cities.
It contemplates that wherever the
thing to be done for the benefit of
such a community requires the effort
of more than one man, that those who
require to have the thing done for
them, whatever it may be, shall com
bine together and do it for themselves,
provided it is within reach of the
united and co-operative energy and
capital of the aggregated number of
individuals who require to have the
thing done for them.
In this category are creameries,
laundries, rural telephones, associa
tions for the co-operative purchase of
supplies, associations for the sale or
disposition of the products of the soil,
and many other associations which I
might mention for mutual economy,
mutual benefit or mutual protection.
In sections where irrigation is
necessary, co-operative canal systems
and irrigation works come within this
category; and in many parts of the
country where irrigation is not now
generally supposed to be necessary,
co-operative pumping plants might be
established among farmers for the
irrigation of lands which they couldin that way cultivate more inten
sively, and obtain a much larger yield
and profit per acre than by dry farm
ing.
CORPORATIONS SUBJECT TO
PUBLIC CONTROL.
When you go beyond this field of
co-operation, you reach a field which
is now largely occupied by large cor
porations, which are exercising a pub
lic use and for that reason subject to
public control.
I believe that eventually the public
ownership of all public utilities is iu
evitable In this country; but I am
not a believer in the theory that we
are ready to-day for municipal owner
ship in all our cities or for the govern
ment ownership of all our railroads.
Municipal ownership without muni
cipal integrity may be a greater evil
than corporate ownership, "and the
last condition of that man be worse
than the first."
I believe that political honesty must
come before public ownership, and
that the only way we will ever get
political * honesty is to restore the
great majority of our people to the
land, where they will live close to
nature, and learn the obligations of
man to his fellow men, and the im
perative need of public integrity, by
learning to unite together to do things
for themselves.
HONESTY THE CORNERSTONE
OF CO-OPERATION.
Man is the product of his environ
ment. Man will be what he is trained
to be. And co-operation will train
men to be honest with each other and
with the public, because honesty and
integrity in the discharge of obliga
tions to one's fellow men is the
corner stone of co-operation.
Without It co-operation is a bouse
built upon the sands.
With such Integrity, co-operation is
a house built upon the eternal rocks
as a foundation.
And so it is that your movement for
the formation of farmers' associations,
in order that you may transact for
yourself the business of selling your
own soil products, is but a single
thread in the great cable of co-opera
tion which will finally warp our ship
of state off the rocks, and draw it to
a safe anchorage.
The profits that you will make for
yourself In the formation of these co
operative associations, and their man
agement, is the least of the reasons
which should impel you onward in the
movement
A CRISIS IN OUR HISTORY.
We have reached a crisis In our
country's history.
It is a crisis threatening greater
danger than when the cloud of dis
union swept up from the south and the
nation was drenched in the blood of a
civil war.
The cancer of corruption following
lv the wake of great wealth is eating
out the vitals of our country.
I have shown you that there is but
one cure, and it Is to men of your class
that we must look for this cure.
In training yourselves to co-operate
jtogether to do things for yourselves
that one man cannot do for himself,
you are engaged in carrying out v
patriotic purpose just as noble as
though you had enlisted as a soldier
to shoulder your arms and march to
the front and lay down your life, if
need be, in repelling the army of a
foreign invader.
We are spending millions for forts
and navies and to maintain an army to
protect ourselves against the other
nations of the earth.
Our greatest danger is not from
foreign nations. It is in our midst.
It is at the very heart of our political
and social life.
And you who are here to-day are
pioneers in the great campaign which
-will result in overthrowing the cohorts
of corruption which will otherwise
destroy us.
OPPOSITION A STIMULANT.
,1 have been told that your move
ment meets with opposition. Those
[who oppose It are most unwise. It is
the lesson of all periods of the history
'of our race that reform movements,
'movements for the betterment of man
kind, even movements which merely
purport to be for human betterment,
and are of questionable character, have
been strengthened and built up and
'perpetuated by opposition and per
secution.
No greater stimulus to the growth of
your movement could exist than to
have it systematically opposed. Such
opposition rouses the combativeness
and aggressiveness which is in every
man's being, stimulates him to greater
effort, and encourages him to persevere
until obstacles have been overcome
which would otherwise have caused
failure.
STRENGTH COMES FROM
STRUGGLE.
It is another law of nature that
strength comes from strenuous strug
gle. The strong arm is the arm that
is used. The strong mind is the mind
that thinks. The strong man is the
man who has developed every fibre of
his physical vigor by use. The strong
races of the earth are those which
have survived oppression and over
come great obstacles in their develop
ment
Be not discouraged by any condition
that may confront you.
Be not discouraged even by tempor
ary failure. It is the history of all
movements that failure must at times
be a part of their record.
But as the wise saying has it:
"Failures are but the pillars of suc
cess."
ILLUSTRATIONS OF SUCCESSFUL
CO-OPERAI-ON.
What others have done, you can do.
If you want successful illustrations of
co-operation among producers, go to
California and study the workings of
the associations which have beeu
formed there among the fruit growers
for the marketing of their product.
And the road to their success was
paved with many failures. At first
it seemed as though there were more
failures than successes.
But they persevered. They were
forced to swim or drown. They had
to learn to market their own products
or have their industries destroyed.
And they learned.
And so will you learn, if you will
persevere and be loyal to your follows
and to your movement.
If you want other illustrations of
successful co-operation, go among the
co-operative creameries of Wisconsin
or Michigan, or go among the co-op
erative canal companies of California
or Colorado or Montana;
If you want instances of gigantic
success in co-operation, go to England
to Ireland and to Belgium and to Den
mark and find it there.
CO-OPEKATIVfi STORES IN
ENGLAND.
The growth of the co-operative
stores in England has been something
marvelous. Starting with practically
nothing in the way of capital, in a
comparatively few years they have
built up a business aggregating mil
lions of dollars a year.
But they began right.
They began at the small end.
They began with the acorn and they
gradually developed the tree until it
has become a great strong oak.
If they had begun at the big end,
and subscribed a capital stock as large
as their present capital, and gone out
into the highways anc byways to hire
men to transact their business, form
ing a great organization in which no
man was trained to his duties, they
would have failed hopelessly and
miserably failed.
And so would any great business
enterprise started in that way.
Co-operation can be no exception to
the law of evolution.
You must begin with the seed and
let it grow gradually, as they did in
England with their co-operative stores.
THE MAKING OF MEN.
The great central thought which
should be the pillar of fire by night
and the pillar of cloud by day to lead
the American people out of the wilder
ness of the corruptions and dangers
of accumulated and aggregated wealth
should be a great public movement in
the line of "making men" rather than
"making money."
Our government is upheld upon the
shoulders of its own people.
And as our citizenship is maintained
at a high standard of moral and physi
cal strength on the part of our men
and our women, just to that extent
will the strength of our nation be
mnintained.
If we would be sure of this, we
must keep our young men from flock
ing to the cities.
The way to do it Is to train them
through a system of education whi-'i
will equip them to solve the problems
of the country, and plant the idea in
their minds that the country after all
offers a greater stimulus for mental
activity than the city.
PROBLEMS OF THE COUNTRY.
The most attractive problems of
this generation are in the country.
The building of good roads, the build-
Ing of better farm homes, the engineer
ing problems of the farm, the applica
tion of power to the needs of the farm
and the farm home, the lessening of
domestic burdens through better
domestic arrangements, the construc
tion of rural electric railways and
rural telephones and farm irrigation
systems and the application of machin
ery to all the uses of the farm, offer
a field for effort and Invention and the
application of energy to the farmer's
boy which no city can offer to him,
provided he has had the opportunities
of education to qualify him to solve
these problems.
There should be in every county in
this country a school where every
farmer's boy could, without going any
farther from home than the county
seat, learn to do all the things which
I have mentioned.
AGRICULTURE AND MANUAL
TRAINING.
We have schools where a part of
this training may be obtained. The
Throop Polytechnic Institute at Pas
adena, California, and the Stout Man
ual Training School at Menominee,
Wisconsin, are of this class. But,
coupled with them should be the agri
cultural training which a boy gets at
the Doylestown National Farm School,
or in part at the summer school of the
Wisconsin State University at Mad
ison.
And every girl should have an equal
opportunity to fit herself for her duties
as the mistress of a farm home.
Out of such homes will come a gen
eration of strong, conservative and in
telligent men who ■« ill solve the great
problems of this people, and will solve
them so gradually and steadily that no
radical methods will ever need to be
adopted.
They will put out of business the
politician who wants to ride in blood
up to his bridle bits, like an erstwhile
governor of Colorado, or the present
day .politician who seeks to ride Into
public office on a wave of prejudice
and champion the people's rights with
his voice, while his hand, like as not,
is in the pocket of some corporation.
"Put not your faith in princes" —
nor in politicians.
"The Lord helps those who help
themselves."
So long as the people depend for re
lief upon politics, just that long will
they be disappointed.
THE LARK IN THE MEADOW.
When they team the lesson of the
fable of the lark in the meadow, and
go to work to do things for them
selves, talk politics less, and train
themselves to do things by co-opera
tion more, they will be surprised at
the progress they will make In the
right direction.
Politics, and a dependence on the
part of the people upon politics, are
the hope and the salvation of the cor
ruptionists and the trusts, and of
every combination of capital which
lives by skimming the cream from
the industries of the people.
If you want the cream yourself you
must do your own skimming.
You must not Imagine for moment
that what I have advocated is a mere
theory. It is far more than that It
is a broad highway leading us out of
the social and political bog in which
we have been mired down.
There are instances here and there
all over this country where the seed
has been planted and is thriftily grow
ing.
INDICATIONS OF THE MOVE
MENT.
You see the movement at work In
the increased interest in country life,
in nature study in the school, in the
establishment of such institutions as
the Doylestown Farm Training School
in Pennsylvania; in the Pingree po
tato patch idea; and the vacant lot
farm associations which are working
it out in many cities.
You see it in the school gardens
which are being established in so
many places and in the Increased Inter
est, in agricultural training as a part
of our public school system.
You see it in the great upbuilding
of the Department of Agriculture as
r?ie of the component parts of our
national government, and In the work
RED RUM.
A Temperance Lesson.
(Copyrighted by "Success.")
We were standing at the counter of
a sumptuous barroom in Sau Antonio
where Barclay and the two English
men in the party had met by appoint
ment Barclay had a ranch to sell
which the Englishmen, two heavy-set,
redfaced, high booted fellows were
about to purchase. I had acted aa
broker in the transaction and was
well pleased with the price settled up
on and anxious that no "hitch" oc
cur to delay the immediate closing of
the bargain.
The bar-tender put out four glasses
and a bottle of liquor in anticipation
of our order and the two Englishmen
and myself poured a good "three fing
ers" into our glasses, but Barclay hesi
tated a moment and then said, "I
think I'll take sarsaparilla."
The Englishmen glanced at each
other significantly. "We're not buying
soft drinks today, partner," said one.
Barclay hesitatingly poured out a
good sized drink and raised it to his
lips and turned toward the English
men who smiled their approval.
A strange thing then occured. Bar
clay took off his hat and looked into
the crown of it for a minute and then
set the untouched liquor on the bar
again. "Gentlemen," he said, "You'll
have to excuse me, but I cannot drink
liquor." Todd, one of the Englishmen,
banged his fist down on the bar and
exclaimed: — "If you can't drink with
us, you can't trade with vs — that's
all."
Barclay turned to him, his face
very white, and said slowly: — "Then
the deal is off gentlemen."
Presently Barclay said, "I'll admit I
should like to trade with you, gentle
men, but the trade can go to the devil
if I have to drink whiskey in order to
make it. I will tell you why I can't
drink liquor if you will listen a mom
ment. You may think it took courage
to refuse to drink, but I tell you it
would have taken more courage to
have accepted it" He drew a news
paper clipping from his pocket book
and laJd It down where we could all
see it "That's exhibit No. 1," he re
marked.
For a moment we started in amaze
ment at the great black letters which
spelled the word GUILTY. The arti
cle following said that John Barclay
was convicted of murder in the first
degree, but that sentence was post
poned through respect to the prison
er's mother who dropped dead in the
courtroom upon hearing the verdict.
"That's nice stuff for a man to read
about himself, eh?" said Barclay, with
MT ANGEL MOTHER CAME TO
COMFORT ME.
a feeble smile. He folded the slip,
put it back in his pocket-book and
produced another which read "Bar
clay to be hanged on the twenty-first
Instant."
"Gentlemen," he said, "the immedi
ate cause of those two notices was
murder. The prime cause was — well,
what is "murder' spelled backward?"
Without waiting for an answer he
traced the letters of the word with his
pencil in the order suggested: "RED
RUM."
An embarrassed silence followed.
"Gentlemen, the rum that I drank
murdered my mother. At that time,"
continued Barclay, "my mother and I
were living in a boarding house kept
by an old maid of uncertain means and
temper. I had just returned from a
cattle-trading trip and was regaling
'the boys' with a little up-country gos
sip and some hot rum. I remember it
was eleven o'clock at night. The
whole scene comes back to me now : the
hot rum-and-water laden air; the great
stove, red with rage and energy. There
my remembrance of the scene ends.
that department is doing to stimulate
an Interest in agriculture and the pros
perity of those engaged in it.
You see it in the awakening inter
est in co-operation everywhere, in t*ie
co-operative associations that are being
formed, In the rapid growth of co
operative creameries and co-operative
producers' associations of all kinds.
TRIUMPH OF THE RURAL LIFE.
And the one thing which will make
it more easily possible, which will tend
the most to draw the city dweller to
the country and relieve the lonesome
ness and isolation of the farm life, are
the good roads, for which a great move
ment is now gathering force, and the
electric railway systems which are
threading the rural districts in every
thickly settled farming section of our
country.
All these are forerunners of the final
triumph of the rural life and of a new
era in this country when "Men-mak
ing" and not "Money making" will bo
our national slogan.
"A time like this demands Ktrnn:: men.
Great hearts, true faith and ready bands;
Men whom the lust of office does not kill.
Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy.
Men who possess opinion and a will.
Men who have honor, men who will not
lie.
Men who can stand before a demagogue.
And damn his treacherous flatteries with
out winking:
Tall men sun-crowned, who live above the
foir.
In publl" *••♦• ■mil in nrlvate thlukiuj;."
If he will not sell ArbucUes'
ARIOSA write to us. We will supply
you direct. You wfll get greater value
for your money— a better pound of cof-
fee — full weight — than he can sell you
under any other name, He cannot sell
Arbuckles' ARIOSA loose, by the
pound out of a bin or bag, because we
supply it only in sealed packages that
you can identify every time, which pro-
tect the coffee from the dust and im-
purities that loose coffee absorbs— and
insure full weight. Coffee exposed to
the air loses its flavor, strength and
purity. You cannot tell where it came
from— neither can the grocer— he may
think he knows — but he doesn't, and
all you can ever know is the price
ticket It is worth remembering that
outward appearance is no indication of
quality. ™*™^ "~
Grocers as a rule are honest, trust-
worthy men who would not consciously
mislead you. Whenever one of them
advises you to take loose grocery store
When I awoke I was horrified to find
myself in a prison cell. The Jailer
stood at the door and cautioned, "Re
member anything you say may be used
against you." A great dread sat, like
a lump of ice, on my heart I begged
him to explain. Anything but that
awful suspense. Then he told me I
had murdered MissC., the old landlady.
"My trial was set down for a date
about a month off and my angel moth
er secured the best and ablest coun
sel to defend me; but, best of all, she
came to me In my agony and put her
hand on my forehead, and then kissed
me and told me that she believed me
innocent How she could logically do
it, with evidence enough against me
to damn an angel, I don't know, but
she did it with her woman's heart, and
her woman's heart broke when, at
length, the jury told her she had been
mistaken."
"Gentlemen," resumed Barclay, after
a pause, "I used to believe all lawyers
rascals until that time. But the way
that man worked for me was nothing
short of sublime. He labored with me
day In and day out, morning, noon,
and night, striving by all mean 9
known to philosophy, science and prac
tice, to recover from the sensitive
plates of my memory the picture print
ed on them by a rum-enfeebled spirit
between the hours of eleven P. M. and
two A. M. on the night of the murder.
But it was of no use. Evidently the
films of memory had been temporarily
desensitized by the stupefying influ
ence of the alcohol. Anyway, nothing
could bring the dreaded pictures of
that awful period to the surface.
"I shall not bore you with, the har
rassing details of the trial. It was
shown, however, that I had been dis
covered in Miss C's room. I was on
the floor in a drunken sleep when the
officers arrived, and was completely
dressed, even to my overcoat and hat.
Near my right hand, as if I had but
recently relaxed my hold upon it, lay
my pistol. One of the cartridges had
been discharged and the bullet found
in Miss C's body fitted the empty
shell.
"My lawyer used to come to my cell
and implore me to use every trick and
device that I knew to bring back the
chain of events of that fateful night,
but I could only gaze at him stupid
ly. So far I c«uld go, but no further.
At a certain point the cloud of obliv
ion would drop before my mind, and
I could not penetrate it. I thought
that by thinking with great rapidity,
and running with exact sequence
along the chain of occurences leading
up to a certain hour, the mental mom
entum thus acquired might carry me
through into the realms of my mental
darkness. But It was without avail.
You can drive a horse at a furious
rate right up to the brink of a lake,
but there he will stop, and not budge
an inch further; and the blackness of
the lake in front of him is no blacker
than the blackness of that hell-born
period of five or six hours of oblivion
that confronted me. O, the helplessness
of it all. I used to sit and watch my
lawyer fight against such overwhelm
ing odds that the admiration I felt for
his skill would, at times, so absorb
me that I felt the part I was taking in
the awful tragedy.
"To make a long story short, the
case finally went to the jury. You
have seen the newspaper clippings.
The verdict killed my mother who had
never once left my side during the
trial, except at night, and then only to
resume her place the first thing in
the morning. She had been hoping
against hope. When mother dropped
dead, I offered a silent prayer of
gratitude that she had not lived to
witness the last act
"On the morning of the twenty-first,
as the clipping says, I was brought
before the judge, an old friend of my
father, and sentenced to be hanged by
the neck until dead. Gentlemen,
there's an experience not many ever
had and lived to tell of it Words are
but feeble when one tries to describe
it.
"Talk about timely rescues in the
dramas — all nicely planned to occur
with the regularity of clockwork — why
they actually had that awful black cap
drawn over my face, and the noose ad
justed before the governor's 'stay* ar
rived. I heard a commotion in the
crowd and wondered rather Impatient
ly what the delay was about. Then
hands removed the cap and noose, and
I was led back to my cell. When I
reached my cell and sat upon my bed,
I couldn't realize what had occured,
and pinched myself to see whether I
coffee, instead of Arbuckles' ARIOSA,
he doubtless believes he is doing you a
favor, whereas he is really def riving
you of the most wholesome and deli-
cious beverage that you can buy, some-
thing better than anything else he can
sell you for theprice. The sales of
Arbuckles' ARIOSA Coffee exceed the
sales of all other package coffees in the
United States combined, and the busi-
ness of Arbuckle Bros, exceeds that of
the four next largest concerns in the
world, simply because the public ac-
tually receives better coffee for their
money in Arbuckles' ARIOSA than
they can^u^ in any other way.
Arbuckles' ARIOSA Coffee is good
to drink— it quetches the thirst and
tastes good. Most people need it. It
aids digestion, increases the power and
ambition to work and it makes one feel
like^doing^ things— no after depression.
United States soldiers drink more cof-
fee than the soldiers of any other na-
tion.
were really there, or my spirit had
come back to haunt the place.
"Presently the head jailer came to
me and told me that a fire had taken
place in the neighborhood the night
before, in which two strange men were
so badly burned that death was but
a matter of hours with them. One of
the men, when he was told that he
could not live, sent for the minister
and confessed to having committed the
murder I had been convicted of. His
story, which was subsequently confirm
ed by the other burglar, was, substan
tially, that they had come to our
town in quest of proper prey. They
had learned that Miss C had many
well-to-do boarders in her house, some
of whom carried money with them in
large amounts, and they had determin
ed to rob the house. The hour was
late, and the night very tempestuous
and black, the very elements seeming
to favor the wicked purpose of those
men. Their plan was to go to Miss C's
room and secure the keys of the
house, after which they could loot at
leisure. Accidently, however, they
awakened the landlady, who immedi
ately set up such an unearthly scream
ing that it was found necessary to
despatch her without more ado. One
shot was enough for the dastardly
purpose, and the poor old creature,
who had never done any other harm
than to ask for her just dues, went
quickly 'over the river.' The robbers
then paused for a moment to ascertain
If anyone in the house had been arous
ed by the shot Concluding finally
that the storm had drowned the re
port of the pistol, they determined to
leave at once, as the murder had so
unnerved them that they had no
thought of theft, but cared only to
get away. As they were going out,
however, they discovered a man lying
In the hall at the landing, near Miss
C's door, in a drunken stupor. Then it
occured to them to drag the man noise
lessly into her room, and leave him
there with a pistol on the floor near
his hand. Their motive in doing this
was to divert suspicion from them
selves, as they were strangers in the
place. When they discovered that I
had a pistol in my pocket similar to
their own, they exchanged catridges;
hence the empty shell in mine.
"Gentlemen, that is my story."
Presently he said:
"I know there's one question you
all want to ask. You want to know
what I've got in my hat that had such
a startling effect upon me. I will i
tell you what it is, — it's a picture,—
it's not that of mother, nor my sweet
heart, but," — and he held his hat with
the inside turned toward us.
There was a picture there, one that
caused us all to shudder. It was the
picture of a gallows.
Todd extended his hand.
"The deal is on," he said.
Didn't Keep the Appointment*
A young American student at Prague
fell deeply in love with a pretty Ger
man girl and sent her a note propos
ing a place of meeting. He wrote:
"That my darling may make no mis
take, remember, I will wear a light
pair of trousers and a dark cutaway
coat. In my right hand I will carry a
cane and in the left a cigar. Yours
ever, Jake." The girl's father got hold
of the note and sent this answer:
"Dot mine future son make no mis
take, I vill be dreshed in mine shirt
sleeves. I vill year in mine right hand
a club, and in mine left hand I vill
grasph a six-shooter. You vill recognize
me by de vay I bats you on de heat a
goaple time twice mit mine club. Valt
for me at de corner, as I have some
dings important to inform you mit
Your frent, Heinrich Muller."
Query — Did the young man beep the
appointment?
Wo^W^^££%£&rsk™ '*'"*^ a li7riiimii nil gSml
Hr^Sg^asjßMßJßiiy AisOLUTELtrREE this Raliable Repeating Air Rjfle77*aaßl I
ti.!w.&»Jßawßpi<|Hlli»ll" vi'' 1 111 1 shoots times without reloading.and >■--(•—■«--«"■- 7*TliKjjVl
WSJg&Uß***^ best grade of steel, finely nickel-plated, except the stock. which is made of •Olio
.~^__ >* se»tO walnut, isiust the thing for small game or target practice ;or this SKloot long, < drawer ■
4£3tfl- jtWtri^kt AchromatioTelescope,which has a body of French morroco, finely polished metal joints ■
SwWil'lM Q and dust caps and is fitted with imported lenses through which yon can see objects ■
\Jj\j&&pWSr ' miles away; or this elegantly engraved stem wind and stem set, Amen- _ 9
1 *J/7I3HC can made and fully guaranteed "Gold" Watch, which is not a pocket j/SfiSris&X'.M M
' .(yoT^SjV. > clock, but a watch equal in appearance and time keeping qualities ■
WV^Vv-.--«r* < 4Vi to a fifty dollar gold watch;or this KeliableCameraand complete J^B^l9 I
\Tr .■i*G( :: s3> a jS'v¥ printing and developing outfit, including dry plates, etc., for sell- ■»£ss£ " ■ ■
/7 ■■ ; \jy%^lw*§'MA Ing24of our handsome jewelry novelties at 10c each. Tnesenovel- ffiraSHSJ?"* 17 :, ■
T ; S* x ; ties are positively the best and handsomest ever offered and are >i»SJJ>S,>»-/. ■ I
I ig^y &?&&'■ bound to sell at sight. Everyonßof yonrfriendßWillbeKladtobuy BKWIKi'. M I
ft '■^<'7-^ i»''\\vL one or more from you they are so at the price. JUST SEND Mnfl@L£J&. . ■ ■
l/» ■ "*MVr"3. VMO YOUR NAMeandwewill»endthemtojoabym»il. postpaid. When Hj fRK&V-. W ■
Wt^i'/l sJiL'- '&J sold.send the 22.40 you receive and we will send you FREE your B3Kj*3asgf>"\ m I
\f(. JIS. Tgit-ggy choice of above articles the same day we receive your remittance. H < 5,&\- f" I
XiVi^Vi^irrfC^ We have other premiums in our lißt if you do nob want the above. X m^g^l ■
Wrl " "««°d«y. drkxei. mm. co.. bkit. iw wuoAtw. ™r^rr|*r~ J
If your grocer does not sell ARIOSA
let us send you a
Family Box.
On receipt of $1.80, express or postal
money order, we will send 10 pounds
of ARIOSA in a wooden box, trans-
portation paid to your nearest freight
station. The $!.8O pays for the trans-
portation and the coffee, which will be
in the original packages bearing the
signature of Arbuckle Bros, that enti-
tles you to free presents. Ten pounds-
ten packages — ten signatures. If you
write for it we will send free a book
containing full particulars and colored
pictures of nearly 100 presents for
users of Arbuckles' ARIOSA Coffee.
The price of coffee fluctuates— we
cannot guarantee it for any period.
Address our nearest office,
ARBUCKLE BROS.,
71 Water Btreet New York city, Dept. a.
100 Michigan Avenue, Chicago, HI., Dept. 9.
Liberty Aye. and Wood St., Pittsburgh Pa. Dept. 9
m South Seventh Street. St. Louis, Mo., Dept. ft,
Bray Hair Restored:
Jfc£fe "WALNUTTA HAIR STAIN"
flfSHEsSit' §,e>torea Gray, Streaked or
CwarMfwnim Bleached Hair or Moost&eha
ll^ffiilV^M^ Instantaneously. Gives any shade
mUjiWP" from light Brown to filSt"
Does not waah or rub oft Con-
fry Hut tains no poisons and Is not ttleky
or wairm -nj «aT«ff &»^%SliSgSa
S3? <^ n r^ rmt nnn S cl Sa* o -s^i yo S d S
wrapper from two bottles purchased from a drnggist
•nd we will gire you a full-size bottle for notHng?
WXIjnJTTA CO., 1405. H Olive St., St. Loul* Mo.
Glorious Hair
Grown Free.
A Wonderful Preparation Which
Turns Back the Hand of
Time-Makes the Old
Young and the Young
Beautiful.
Free Samples of the Greatest Hair
Tonic on Earth Distributed by a
Well-Known Medical Institute.
MO ROOM LEFT FOR DOUBT.
)/j?9^^UUß'
We can ear* yoa of baldness, hair taTUog,
scanty partings, all diseases of the scalp, stop
hair falling and restore gray and faded hair to
its original color.
We don't want yon to take our word for this.
We will prove it to you AT OUR OWN EX-
PENSE.
A FREE PACKAGE of onr wonderful treat-
ment will get your case under control and
make yon happy.
Our remedy is NOT A DYE nor a hair aolor-
mg, but a marvellous nd natural Hair Food.
You cannot make a mistake in trying it. for we
ship it to you prepaid at our own expense, and
do not ask you for a cent of money unless you
feel justified by results.
It makes not the slightest difference to us how
long you have had your trouble. We will go
to the roots of it and cure it.
Think just for a moment what this means I
Think what It promises for those who have lost,
or who are loosing, the glorious tresses of youth!
We will restore your hair, make it long and
strong, make it as you wish it to be. and give
you more satisfaction than you have ever
before experienced. Do not be disheartened
because you have used other hair remedies
without results. > Fe just to yourself and to us
Our rem edy will make yon happy. What it has
done for others it will do for you.
We ask you in all kindness to write to us and
we will send yon by return mail, at our own
expense, a full trial treatment of the Greatest
Hair Grower on earth. We will also send you
our interesting booklet of advice and hundreds
of testimonials from delighted patients, giving
their experiences for the benefit of others who
have become discouraged. You will never
regret answering this announcement, for it
1 means much to you, more than you can imagine.
If you want beautiful hair, if your r ir is
getting so that you look aged or your personal
appearance is disparaged, write to us for help.
We are an Incorporated C omoany. not a private
concern. We want you and your friends to
know what we can do, and how we do it. Send
to-day, and do not put it off. You will be de-
lighted with what we send you, and it costs yoa
nothing. AAddress in full, enclosing 9c. stamp
for reply, XORRIMER MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Incorporated, Dept. 2329 118-180 North Paca St,
Baltimore. Md. •The Professor
and the Lion
Bravery, Doctor, said my friend the
lird officer, isn't such a simple tiling
s you think it One man Is brave In
le way, and another in a different oue.
ften enough, that which is called
ravery is nothing more than custom,
ou wouldn't go up on the fore-royal
ard In half a gale to reef sail, would
au? Not you! You'd be afraid.
"ell, you might think me a brave man
ecause I would. But then I'd be
[raid to cut a chap's leg off, and you
ouldn't
That was what old Captain Hoskins,
horn I used to sail with, could never
iderstand. If a man was a bit nerv
us about the sea, he used to look
>wn on him as all sorts of a coward,
ut there came a day when he learned
?tter.
It happened when I was with him
a three-masted sailing-ship, the
rrow. We lay at Singapore, along
de Tanjong Pagan wharf, loading
ith a general cargo for Liverpool,
he principal object in that cargo was
lion that we were shipping for
ondon. It lay in a strong cage of
ood and iron, with a door in the
ont through which it could be fed.
was a fine big brute, and every time
stretched itself you could see the
uscles slipping over its sides and the
g, wicked-looking claws peeping out
the pads of its feet in a way that
ade you very thankful for the bars.
We had a passenger or two, one of
horn was a young girl who went by
le name of Hilda Sandford. Directly
c old man set eyes on her trim figure
id her wealth of golden hah-, he was
ruck all of a heap, so to speak, and I
mid see that he was promising him
lf a mighty pleasant voyage.
The other passenger was a strange,
an, wiry man, who wore gold eye
asses, and kept peering about the
lip In a most uncomfortable way.
c gave his name as Professor Hay,
ough we didn't find out what he pro
ssed until later.
An hour or two before we started
is Mr. Hay came up to the old man
id began asking him a lot of ques
9ns.
"Captain," he said nervously, "I hope
c shall have a quiet passage."
"I don't see why we shouldn't,"
id Hoskins genially.
Mr. Hay looked up at the sky.
"There seems to be a good deal of
md about," he said.
"Pretty fair," said Hoskins. "That's
hat's going to take us home. Not
sing a steamer, we can't do without
"You're sure it's quite safe?" asked
ay.
"Safe!" says the old man, getting on
s high horse, "safe! I'm sailing this
iip."
The Professor smiled apologetically.
fou will excuse me, Captain," he
id, "I did not mean any offence.
le fact is I am constitutionally nerv-
•PUSHED AT THE LION, LOOKING IT STRAIGHT BETWEEN THE ETS."
us on ship-board. It is a feeling that
have never been able to overcome."
The "old man" looked at him with a
art of good-natured contempt.
"You've no call to be alarmed," he
lid; "we'll take you to England safe
lough."
The Professor smiled again and
alked off into the waist, where we
ad fixed up the lion's cage. It
eemed to have a sort of attraction for
Im, for he stood before it for at least
quarter of an hour. Hoskins looked
fter him, and then turned to Miss
andford, who was sitting near.
"Nice sort of chap to have on a
lip," he said. "A man like that ought
) stick to dry land."
"Well, you know, I have a fellow
¦elinjr for him, Captain," she an
tered: "I'm afraid of the sea myself."
"Ah," he said, "but you're a woman,
ou see. A bit of fear is all right in
woman. It's natural to them. But
ith a man it's different. A man
lght to be afraid of nothing."
"And are you not afraid of anything,
aptain?" she asked.
"Not I," said Hoskins. "You can
ive the biggest storm ever hatched by
le China Sea and I'll thank you for it.
: brings out all the good in a man."
"It must be nice to be so brave,"
le exclaimed.
"Oh, it's all right when you're used
J. Sackville Martin
to it," said Hoskins modestly. "A
brave man and a pretty woman are
two of the finest sights In creation.
They ought always to be together."
There was something in his tone that
made her blush, and though she agreed
with him, she took the first opportunity
of clearing off to another part of the
deck. .
Shortly afterwards we put to sea.
For the next few days we had the
best weather, and everything went
smoothly. I could see one or two
things that set me thinking. The
first was that the old man was making
himself uncommonly attentive to Miss
Sandford. The second was that Mr.
Hay, in a quiet and timid sort of way,
was thinking a good deal of her too.
For my part, I thought the girl fancied
Hay rather than Hoskins; and though
she couldn't avoid the "old man," and
could not help listening to his sea
yarns, I could see her eyes turning
forwards towards the waist, where
Hay was putting in his time looking
at the lion.
One afternoon the skipper was sit
ting Ik dde Miss Sandford on the poop
deck, when Hay came up the com
panion and made his way towards
them.
"There's something I want to tell
you, Captain," he said. "It's getting
on my mind and making me quite un
comfortable. That man whose busi
ness it is to look after the lion isn't
doing his work properly. The animal
isn't getting enough food. It is de
veloping a savage nature. And yester
day, when I went to see the man about
it, I found that he was intoxicated.
I really think you should interfere."
Of course, the "old man" should
have interfered. But he didn't like
being told his duty by the little Pro
fessor, especially when the girl was
about, so he just sneered.
"I si . pose you're afraid of the beast
escaping?" he said.
"I should certainly regard it as un
fortunate," the little man replied.
"You see, a drunkpn man might be
careless about the fastenings. I must
really insist upon your speaking to
him."
"He's not one of my crew," said
Hoskins. "I have enough to do to
look after them. If any of them get
drunk, they'll hear of it. But this chap
is a passenger, even if he is only a
steerage one. He can do as he likes
with his spare time. If you're so
darned frightened about the beast,
you'd better look to the fastenings
yourself."
"Excuse me," said the Professor
stiffly, "that is not my business. The
animal does not belong to me. I have
done what I believe to be my duty and
can*say no more."
He turned away without even a
glance at the girl.
"That man," said Hoskins, looking
after him. "is friehtened of his own
shadow. Let me give you a bit of
fatherly advice, Miss Sandford. When
you are looking for a man to marry,
never select a coward. A girl like you
wants someone who will protect her in
times of danger; someone she can rely
on and look up to."
"I'm not thinking of getting mar
ried," she said shyly. "But when I do,
I'll bear your advice in mind, Captain."
"That's it," said Hoskins. "Think
over it carefully. And as for getting
married, I'd be glad if you'd think
over that too."
She started, with a frightened look.
"Oh, Captain!" she said. "Please
don't."
"Miss Sandford!" he said, "Hilda!
haven't you a word for a poor old sea
man who worships the very ground
you tread on? Think over it. None
but the brave deserve the fair, you
know."
"You mustn't speak like this," she
exclaimed, rising as though she were
distressed. "You are older than I am.
and I don't know that you are a brave
man. I have only your word for it.
Please don't speak to me about this
again."
The "old man" saw that he had gone
too far. "Wait!" he said, "don't be
frightened. I promise not to say a
word until we reach England. Before
we get there, if we have a bit of rough
weutker, I'll show you the sort of
man 1 am. I should love a bit of dan
ger for your sake."
About a week later, the girl was
sitting on the poop-deck, reading a
book. The "old man" was marching
up and down with a quarter-deck trot,
casting glances at her and thinking
how pretty she was, when suddenly lm
uttered a howl that would have fright
ened an elephant and sprang into the
port mizzen riggiri%. I was near at
the time, and I looked at him, wonder
ing whether he had gone mad. Then
I saw what he had seen, and I went up
to the starboard mizzen shrouds as
quickly as he had gone up the port
ones. The girl raised her head and
looked up at the Captain and he gaped
down at her and tried to shout. But
for some time tie could only make
faces.
"Look! look!" he yelled at last,
"come up the rigging!" The lion is
loose!"
She sprang to her feet and looked
about h°r. Not four yards away from
her tbe lion was playing with a coil
of rope, the terrible claws alternately
exposing and sheathing themselves.
The creature was paying no sort of
attention to the girl at the moment,
but of course it might take It Into Its
head to spring on her at any instant.
As she stood, she was cornered be
tween the stern of the ship and the
cabin door. There was nothing to be
done but to climb up the rigging.
She tried, but the first step was too
high, and she could not manage it;
when she realized that, I thought she
was going to faint
Hoskins was just going down to
give her a hand, but at that moment
the lion looked up and saw him,
and lashing its tail gave a muffled
roar. The "old man" stuck where he
was then, and sort of shivered all over
like a jelly. As for the girl, she moaned
despairingly, and gave herself up for
lost. Just then — out of the cabin came
Professor Hay.
He took one look around and saw
the lion. Then he picked up a broom
that someone who had been washing
decks had left leaning against the
deck-house, and pushed at the lion
with it, looking it straight between the
eyes. He kept walking forward, push
ing the beast gently before him rignt
into the waist and back into its cage,
in spite of several ugly snarls. When
he had it safely fastened in, he came
astern again, looking not the least bit
excited or worried, and put the broom
carefully back in its place. The girl
was looking hard at him, and her eyes
were shining; but he didn't seem to
be aware of It. Captain Hoskins had
come down the rigging and was look
ing a trifle ashamed of himself. He
hadn't known it was so easy to push
lions into their cage with a broom
After a bit he spoke up.
"That was a fine bit of work. Sir"
he said. "If I hadn't seen it, I couldn't
have believed it."
"Oh, it's nothing," said the Pro
fessor. "It was my business. I have
tair^d wild animals."
After that he seemed to dismiss the
whole subject from his mind, and went
down into the cabin. But I saw him,
later In the evening, talking to that
girl, and he must have had something
important to say to her, for when the
"old man" met her next morning and
began making excuses for himself
she cut him short.
"Captain Haskins," she said, "do
you remember advising me to marry
a brave man?"
"I do," said Hoskins, a bit puzzled
"Well," she said softly, "he asked
me yesterday; and I'm going to take
your advice."
All of which shows you, Doctor, that
bravery Is very much a matter of cus
tom. As for poor old Hoskins, we had
mill-pond weather the whole way
home, and he hadn't even a chance to
show himself. — Sketch
LOVE AND ADVENTURE
THE THEME OF THE STIRRING
SERIAL STORY BY SIB COXAX
DOYLE, CREATOR OFSHER.
LOCK HOLMES.
This Exceptional Story, Highly Illus
trated, Will Start in the Next Issue
of This Magazine Section-Be Sure
of Your Subscription, so as Not
to Miss the First Chapters.
We have arranged for the publi
cation in 15 issues, of the thrilling
story of love and adventure, "The
White Company," by Sir A. Conan
Doyle, author of Micah Clarke, The
Study in Scarlet, Sign of the Four, and
the Shorter Sherlock Holmes Detective
Stories.
"The White Company", to write
¦which Mr. Doyle read 123 contem
porary books, is a tale of the battles
of England's Knight Errants, her re
doubtable men-at-arms and her won
drous long-bowmen, during the 'period
when all Prance was harried by the
famous Black Prince. In those times,
when gunpowder was just coming to
be used in a crude form, the English
long-bowman could send his gray
goose shaft, with deadly effect, a dis
tanc of 420 yards, or practically a
quarter of a mile. The bows were
made of yew, tough and springy, and
the arrows were of ash, long, and
feathered and straight
"So we toast all together
To the gray goose feather
And the land where the gray goose
flew."
The White Company is the sequel to
Mr. Doyle's great story, Sir Nigel, for
which he received Twenty-flve Thou
sand Dollars.
In presenting the revised "White
Company" we are offering our many
readers one of the most stirring and
powerful stories written by any mod
ern author.
A Russian does not become of age
until he is twenty-six.
At the recent Grecian athletic jrames. the
Russians mode a particularly poor showing
In the sprlntlnc or running contests, not
withstanding their extensive Manchurian
training.
The Washington Post says that that
Herman stable hand who was imprisoned
for three weeks for swearinp at one of the
Knlser's horses "will hereafter curb and
bridle his temper a bit." Should think
he would.
It is now stated that the Japanese General
Kuroki is none other than Sir Hector Mac-
Donaia. who mysteriously disappeared or
died some years ago in India. The story
is ridiculed in Russian circles, as these
people say they know, many of them per
sonally, that Kuroki fought like anything
bnt a dead one.
SEASONABLE FADS.
Unique and Striking Designs In Hair
Ornaments, Hat Pins and Neck
laces.
This year has Its share of fads and
frills quite as much as any that are
past and these are used with no small
degree of art and precision. One
mlgbt almost think that the days of
barbarism had returned so wide and
fervid is the craze for beads, buckles
and bracelets, were it not for the fact
that each article which is donned
gains that distinction by reason of its
harmony or contrast. Color plays a
great part in the present sartorial
drama and the fashionable woman is
always seeking for effect in its use.
Beads in the form of necklaces are
worn in all colors and they are used to
further accentuate some color tone in
the costume. The necklace worn with
the lingerie blouse is often chosen to
match the hat and gloves, or to offer
a becoming note of contrast to a mono
tone ensemble. A girl of to-day does
not own one necklace but a dozen,
some of them expensive but the ma
jority costing from $2 to $5 each.
Some very beautiful shades of green
and amethyst are seen in these beads,
while amber is returned to favor with
a vengeance.
Among the prettiest necklaces re
cently seen are those of shell from
Honolulu with coloring of wondrous
beauty. They come in all of the
pastel shades, while the blue-grays,
greens, pale yellows and old rose are
beautifully combined. The shells are
very small and alive with color. The
necklaces are often long enough to
wind several times about the neck.
Hatpins, too, are causing consider
able interest this year, appearing in
all manner of fantastic shapes and in
rare colorings. The same idea of
harmony is adhered to with these
quite as much as in the choice of a
necklace. Those pins with heads of
amber are considered especially smart
with black hats as well as those of
tan and brown, while almost every
fashionable color may be matched in
hatpins of crystal or other persuasion.
Some very dainty heads of Dresden
china are band painted and tinted with
the delicate colors to' wear with the
white and flower hats.
Carrying out this idea of artistic
adornment are the flowers of soft
satin ribbon which trim many dainty
frocks and hats. The gloss of the rib
bon as well as its softness and ex
quisite shadings give to the blossoms
of ribbon a rare beauty which is sel
dom seen in those of silk or velvet.
Rare little bunches of violets or wild
roses made of satin ribbon are fre
quently worn as bodice decoration in
stead of the real flowers, and while
they prove an excellent suggestion of
the flowers themselves, they have the
added charm of not crushing and of
being always fresh. A lady of fashion
recently sailing for Europe carried
several beautiful little corsage boquets
of this kind.
There has been a greater demand for
fancy combs and hair ornaments this
year than for sometime past. Head
dressing has reached its height during
the past few years and coiffures were
never more exquisitely arranged. It
is small wonder then that the demand
for combs has been so great. Here
the idea of suitability is still followed
and while the comb must be that in
best harmony with the costume, the
little bar or other shaped pin which
holds the stray locks at the neck must
match the comb. These are in all
prices. One very striking and attrac
tive comb seen recently was of a com
position resembling amber. A huge
dragon fly spread its wings across the
top in beautifully shaded metal giving
the effect of iridescence in coloring.
The price was $3.50. Another of tor
toise shell mounted in solid gold with
dainty designs of leaves and berries
was five inches wide and cost $21.50.
The fruit was carried out in small
Oriental pearls, the centre one being
a large fresh water pearl. In spite of
the good imitations which can be had,
the real shell is unequalled for light
ness and durability.
MARGARET ANGLIN
Margaret AngHn, who refused to pro
ceed with the third act of William
Vaughn Moody's play until he signed
a document giving her the exclusive
American, English and Australian
rights to it, was born in the Canadian
House of Parliament twenty-five years
ago. That her birthplace was un
nsual resulted from the fact that her
father, Timothy Anglin, was Speaker
of the Canadian House and her mother
was there during a session.
Miss Anglin has been on the stage
ten years, her first important engage
ment being with James O'Neill, with
whom she played Mercedes in "Monte
Cristo." In Mansfield's production of
the famous "Cyrano de Bergerac" she
had the part of Koxanne, and later
was star in the Empire Theatre Stock
Company of New York. For two years
she has been at the head of her own
company, and has achieved marked
success in "Zira."
The Muck Rake writers are said to be
cninp: after the fertilizer trust; probably
not, however, tooth and nail.
It is nnnnuepcl that the pomp trust will
increase Its capital stook by some eight
million dollars. We refrain from making
the usual watery remarks which might be
suggested in this connection.
Friends of Secretary Taft admit that a
man constructed on his generous plan of
architecture tins a smtill chance of escape
when an enthusiastic Presidential bee takes
a notion to get after him in earnest.
TfflS MAGNIFICENT COTTAGE DINNER SET FREE.
Forty-two pieces of American China (semi-porcelain) given FREE for a small club of sub-
scriptions. Six dinner plates, 6 pie plates, 6 cups and saucer?, 6 fruits. 6 buttere, a sußar bowl with
t ?nv ce r rTU" tC r 1 stea rlP' a . te ' a vecetable <4sh and an olive dish, ail of the best wire, decorated
£ . «L. .d. d Bold - Thl - S "^ not a ,S he «P "premium" set, but just such ware as you would buy
at a first-class store. Freight paid to any point east of Denver. , y
THE OFFER Sen^ 13 new yearly subscriptions to Thb Houskkkeper at 60 cents
"— — — — — ca oo urC u r frou^e 06^ 6 the Cotu « e Dinner Set, freight paid, as a reward for
Udie^£ P h£e C r^^^^^^^ appUcatlon^FßEß.lHuadxeds of
OUR GREAT * ~"* ** tt out and mail '* t> coupon to-day. Do not delay. ..¦¦'
"GET ACQUAINTED" THE HOUSEKEEPER CORPORATION, ( • Coupon
i:M COUPON OFFER . Minneapolis, Minn. No. 2.
Please enter my subscription to The Houskkekfkr. After
Th« Housekeeper receiving three copies I will send you 60 cents for the year's sub-
contains serial and short fcnption if I think the magazine worth the price. If Ido not think
stories, verse, illustrated 1£ worth the price I will write t\mi to stop sending it. You are then
articles of general Interest to make no charge for the copies - ant me. „
and the best and most help- : ;'- / j.' r
ful household departments
ever put together. Let ua Name 
get acquainted. We will , -.---...................,.,,.
bear the expense of the in-
troduction If you will cut Address .
out and mail Coupon No. 2. I V"
THE HOUSEKEEPER CORPORATION, „**,&&& mm.
of the genuine Edison! /jSfmQ * '\ Hi
No Money Down. jP j, " i
No C. O. " .mJmSK^'"''' ~ft\
To any BESPOXRIBLE^RH ¦ - '
Jidisan phonograph outfit direct^Ss^SJ?'^"^T™"|
Ellison phonograph outiit direct
from us to your home on 48 hours FREE TRIAL
no money down) no O. O. I>.| no formality from
responsible people— if you are not glad to keep
the outfit, return at our expense. Otherwise send the
cash after FREE TRIAL or pay at lowest cash
price f 8.00 A MONTH (500 a week or more accord.
Ing to prlceof outfit.) Easiest payments at positively
lowest cash prices established by Mr. Edison himself!
Remember— you pay us nothing unless satisfied after
free trial. .Write at once for free Edison catalogs.
(¦untaTimßabson, M«rr.,EdlaonPhonoKr»phDl«t's.
149-160 Michigan Are., Dcpt . i;, Chlc«go______
Free to phonograph owners — sCn^ lm '""A * »
| latest Edison record catalog!. tMnmaiCl CAl**J.\
17*© IT I7 GOLD, WATCH
s^-j*TsJC^ M^. 01 " STxa-wisß mtiin;M mar*.
« >^KT^fVT*i m»at w»tch bu SOLIK MOLD LAID
rj^ssi^^S CiSK,H»tiKITEUOSBIITHSU)KS. F ]j
MM M'FJlfl wmiT * Ilt * <i BOLD WiTCH BCIRiNTKEU as
iP/MMra* 80LI1> 90LD "iTfH BtIRiSTKEI) U5
mr^**£lßi^n l»\ «K*RB. Wtjlnlt FREE" BojintGliU for
Bi^r§fH^7^//#9) MlUl> X au Jawelrr Krdcl» »t 100. .Mb.^Stud ftd.
vk^JaPsm%J/tJl &nw in * w * wtu Mnil JoMIT p«tp*ld; whfn lold
VV$$St l vy' /^V2/>V«n<l 12.00 ml * a will poiltlvtly SEND witch
lWßa^aKr HICTI « iS BESCKIBKII bjritura m^l;
•o-^C^^S^LI OEHTY JEWEL CO OEPT.3Q7 CHICAGO
SENT ON APPROVAL
n STRAIGHT LEGS
Kppt-JW Our stylish ami easy Forms
give the legs perfect shape.
Bi^KT^ The trousers hang straight
Wl^jE£|l and trim. Put on or off In
CyES a moment, possible to de-
Gfjßl tect; inexpensive, durable
VlKl give style, flnifh anil com-
tU Eji fort. We send them on
SJHL trial. Write for photo il-
jy^TiuMh lu-traterl book and proofs
¦ mailed free and sealed.
ALISON CO., Dept. 86, Buffalo, N. V.
PETTICOAT«mCORSET
2 W32.'i. r+>&&JkJA l CRCE FOR SELLING
This i» Y&%bSfflf3w mcc 2 DOZ. GOODS
the latest VH ¦' ff This Beautiful P«ttlo«at U mad*
l " , WM yßtiffiwtW °' Quality tpun Taffeta, with
* • Ywl'wsw if ull 10-inch flounce Qxtr a ruffles
Form VTi"i j^^L let on. This garment is the latest stylo
Fitting i*%U*i>i 11^ mud© extra full, with tight fitting
Corset, J|y|\iV^^J^top. We give thii potticoatfree, to-
vlthfsnfiT J;L^J§^«E ol hßr with the conat described,
t . . ' 1 fe-f ff i3fl(oriellingonly24ofourhandjom«
t rimmed mm ,i J^ffH jewelry novelties at 10c each,
top, I |jfl{nv«ich ail your friendi will buy
medium m |f||'l Bto help you earn theie beautiful
waist and H :»lftP rBfen * i - Send No Money,
»hort hln fl I Iff If In just name and we will send
Itemember, II (i| || ri\t hero return $2.40 collect-
Kr member, II \\W<;§} : BMslmM return »2.40 collect-
It coats you 1 1 il^fl K;i*^ed»iidwB will land you
nothing. 1 1 if J^JroiM\\* >0 ' h B ' i ' rt and corset the
You II =J' J BxmMavv^ 111 " day tnuney '* "*
with the « I fI3 fe R ttiA^W w "" which* y"a
petticoat. $?L I «|B IMn K/^&jf^SlV 111 ** *" D> lt y - oa
LADIES WEAR CO.. DEPT. 6 CHICAGO.
W«ahaototdTmiaaTatUc«ir<H!mpatltorab«eaii]awodoU>.>]»reaitw»t<-li ••» •»« Htm m ._ ' ' '
tualaaaaofaajnraln.Ainartcaandalilptnouaaiidior watcaea week. ?**' * " ¦ t *«"a» ft *|yiL _^a»" •|^^Ss^a a 2!qfX|
Top™.aouTclalma,»awl3laandthawatohTouaalac<aO. D., lubjact to •Ra/fIHMIAfUUf '« faVi -.*^*"3CVl
•lamination aa jour aipraaa oflieo, without ono cent depodl In adranca. WATfU . \ V JrSjSv ~" ilfgCl-
A GENUINE 2t J£WELEQsm,O7S nAf vffi A witch _^_<imtn—^t f*n jv A> *^C 79&
>1 GENUINE 21 JEWEUEDSSBI&vk *"¦"•'" k «p i ' ' <^ "TiIWi^JSH
$50.00 GOLD WATCH. JgZiO- "i~^XJ* e^Pgiffi^^i^^^B
aA;Staj«*n«l. ? «ntlje»Er»v«.l Loudli UcNnaG^^^afil^^^e^ ndiUtad Dueber, 801.10 P^T
Cvi Watch Ittad with u> »oc«r»t« BTm Wuio P^"ISjU. Biltoim, «ztn ba.—, 4 of. • ,^*aSEr* B HlBBBSiB»* !I TH|F
GUARANTEED FOR 25 YEARS/#&>w^cdK.?'it"'°" cta 7" > °""'*™ 1 "" II ' dtoW "' !i^ffl
and . tuOioma-<lold»."e" cUii.nd "im.»«S*^ t V'''J'tiS3 ?P? P * pt * f ' ml ™ ¦ Ur.tlma. nil gva !¦ lota" ba«l ud Kn. !»„]
Band v. tbj, ad , nd writs If,™ ™Ladi»i««l^3CSS !SSM3iP™i. U 'r*' ? (iu ' t *° d >1«"P proof, »d n jut th« nl<h for t»Ilro«d man.
O«iitaW«:cli*»iltbchato.4wßwl«a»iilthrai|,;VV?SrMt'W!. li ; fi°"f "'S • ,h, hr ™ rf . and tboaa wbo ptqulro > fgbitastlal, loUd batTy »atcH
for F«n EiiMMiTTOM a tfwp you ttm'u tha VA^T^ WtetsHßK'ir i. * MU » bll > tlnokoip-f. Thn motenwot Is In keeping with ta« tut, mi v tbao.
witch k watch chain atyoor oßca* find QP* Vi?»IP6S99P L ' bb * It Bt-m wind and lUa tat "> T i«*«led motamant on tha mukat.aa II
nUaqultoanjawaladiaunooldWatebpaT UK^afelUß^Sr LV"J^™P~™ tk » w»»»i>>^»aiiabaal«laljoonaa«tliD«kaapat. Band nl
S3, 3 upren and tb.j an jouti. V *J@^S3^*» •"• ' d " a '• ""' aaoacfau w.«a,»hi«M»..aaaa' P a™,taadt.lJaft«a»ai»l»
PALISADE PATTERNS.
A MODISH
SHIRT BLOUSE.
/7&fiSlii?SSl& ,/S?, /S ?S V "'nl The trend of fashion is toward the tailor
3S32@tSHB> I ,'V - n : l made -with its elegant simplicity of lines, and
CMggjfai f*3X 11 \'XU-i the elect of society will find the tailor a most
visSp** ±\ T'v'Si important factor from now on. Everything
v i. I f V\ except evening: and house gowns must have
wvk- ?j? j / It*n the smart, neat finish of this master artist.
Vx>>Jr3L^ ' T^ Here is one of the latest modes in a separate
V J^^&ii^^ s^>w V shirt blouse which is a stunning example of
~jr^ V*"w v *C"^. *^ c n^ w mode. Crash or linen may serve as
f'/i) < /i>^'^^**~/^^^\ material and the bottom adornment be used
/ft Ijr £\\ \ V or not A fanciful yoke appears in front and
/' a _,/ I/ fWl'lL ? a< i..' continuing along the closing in stole
/ Jr^il II !<c~2 tk V M Hi "on. A small applied pocket lends a jaunty
i"' = =5Ly/ II (j ft& . ' I IV ai^ decidedly smart. White flannel, linen.
/ 1 ISI Mini \ MSL taffetas or broadcloth, as well as any other plain
( It,,* 11l Htm S '/IS material which possesses the qualities necessary
l\^y^». I\\ it Si/ MB to tailoring, may serve. For the medium sizes
\^jf 1* I\\ BMm •\W >' a rds of 36-inch goods are needed.
|K^^^\l^Al VlMfisMß &? c-< 32 to 42 inches bust measure.
I iflLilS^^^ / PALISADE PATTERN CO.,
li) iJ'IffIBKWWjvMivVA 1T Battery Place, New York City,
li lli^^BSrvs/^>VvV)l \ For 10 cents enclosed plea.'c send pattern
ii?ll^rC)r\M*fl*^Q*^ NO ' G 134 to the following address:
CITY and STATE
Number &JS4.
PRICE, 1O CENTS EACH.
fttPeople
EXCESSIVE! FAT OR OBKSITT 18 A DAVGEB-
OIS, PROGRESSIVE DISEASE THAT
HASTENS I>KATII.
' ** ALL SCFFRRKRS FROM - TOO MICH FAT
A TRIAL TREATMENT WILL Bl BKOT
AS A FREE GIFT BY SUIPXY
ASKJM. FOB IT.
f A *¦ -*- f In Jhßl.
I can reduce your weight S to 5 pound* a week
No starving, no exercising, no nauseating drugs nor sick-
ening pills that ruin the stomach. I am a regular, prac-
ticing pnjaiclan and a ¦poclallat in the successful re-
duction of superfluous fat. My perf ect«d treatment quick-
ly relieves you from that feeling of fullness and oppres-
sion, strengthens your heart, and enables you to breathe
easily; and when you have reduced your flesh to the de-
sired weight, you will never become stout again. Your
face and figure will be well shaped. Your skin will be
clear and handsome and you will feel and look years
younger. My treatment is recommended by eminent phy-
sicians and the highest medical authorities. Prominent
physicians themselves are my patients. I absolutely guar-
antee satisfaction in every case. I send my new book on
Obesity— lts Cause and Cure" free to all interested;
also a free trial treatment. Address confidentially.
H. C BRADFORD. M.D. . 20 East 22d St.. De»t.46o, New York City.
HH9MH9B fre cxles
¦ ¦ - I REMOVED
EScsSSBiShEmsS -. w « fun jwimMvi'lt remove amj
'v ¦ ,- . ¦ - H nup ofrrNldn with
iBSBi f^^^ffifiSnn SIIUJ! -* ;i ' FRECKLE CBXAX
iDK^t I ThUh « »tn»g uvrUoa, lint
v * : c B 1"- "Ml rvfiiml junr m.inry IT iit>t
' Wmi % MM M ""•"•¦¦l- Oar nm&Aj U nr»>
' ¦w^ B I* l *' l for "¦'' ""' •""»"<. "rite
3T IP^ Stlllnui Fr«kl. (r.sni Co.
* _J IVpl. -10." laron. 111.
TO INTRODUCE
.^EMBROIDERY COTTON X
ei™llle i™ 111 Sfnd 011 a handsome doily, 12 Inch
Inch or 24 Inch In diameter, stamped on a flnn
grade of white embroidery linen, for 15 cents. 25
cents or 50 cents respectively, and enough Arts'llk
to work it. Patterns either Wild Rose, Violet,
Daisy or Forget-me-nots. »•"»<»¦
Artsllk Is the new embroidery cotton that's'
taking the place of silk floss for working table
covers, cushion tops and doilies. Costs less,
looks as well and wears better.
To be sure of receiving one of these doilies,
write at once, enclosing amount specified. State
¦which pattern and size Is desired.
E. D. LORIMER & CO.. M 846 Broadway. New YorkDid you ever see a rat or mouse or
Wild rabbit sick from what might
be termed natural causes? Any
one who can contribute such an animal
to the Department of Agriculture may
unwittingly confer a benefit of mil
lions of dollars annually on this
country. What the Department wants
is a fatal and contagious malady,
■which it is working hard to get now,
but up to date the work is merely
promising, there having been no satis
factory result to record. So if any one
has a hutch of rabbits swept off by
a sudden and mysterious disease, or
If he notices any swift and sudden
mortality among the rats and mice
in his locality, that may be the very
thing the Department is looking for,
PRAIRIE DOGS.
One of the Pests of the West.
and one of the rodents should be forth
with dispatched to Secretary Wilson.
He will be glad to get it
Of course, every one knows that the
gopher problem Is a serious one in
many parts of the West, and tbe rab
bit pest has at times threatened to
devastate Australia, and even Cali
fornia. Altogether the small animals
do a great amount of damage, but
most people do not realize what its
aggregate really is. Yet in one coun
ty of the state of Washington last
year field mice destroyed at least
half a million dollars worth of prop
erty, while in the same time wolves
in Wyoming alone mulcted the stock
men of $1,000,000 worth of cattle,
while the damage from field mice, and
similar little "varmints" throughout
the United States, especially in the
West and South, amounted to many
millions.
TASK OF THE SCIENTISTS.
To cope with these pests is one of
the most interesting tasks of the
biological survey of the Department of
Agriculture. It has been working in
a quiet way for several years, and has
about come to the conclusion that al
though it is possible to trap, poison
and otherwise reduce the pests in
many instances, the thing that is
really needed is a contagious disease
that can be bottled up in the labor
atory and distributed to do its ovn
work on an infinitely more effective
scale than can traps and poisons.
That there Is some such disease, or
that one can be produced, the scien
tists of the department do not doubt.
The trouble up to date has been
to find it. The biological servey is
working in conjunction with the
bureau of animal industry. Some
promising leads have been struck, but
none of them have turned out to be
just what was wanted. For instance,
while they are working with one dis
ease now that is fatal to a certain
breed of field mice, it will not touch
others, and the rats laugh at it in
conscious immunity. Also there are
plenty of contagious animal diseases
that could be turned loose on the rats,
ground squirrels, and rabbits, but as
they would kill a horse just as quickly
as they would a rat, they are not
wanted.
ERNEST THOMPSON SETON'S
FIND.
Some years back the survey lost
Just the chance it has been looking
for. Ernest Thompson Seton was p
in Canada, where there was a pest of
rabbits, and noticed that they were
rapidly dying out. Some mysterious
disease was carrying them off, and it
was not long before the country was
almost cleared of them. He realized
that this disease might prove valuable
and managed to catch some sick rab
bits which he shipped to a laboratory
in New York, but the problem was not
just In the biologist's line, and he did
not realize the immense importance
of it, so the secret was not grasped.
Now the biological survey Is looking
out for similar occurrences, and if the
•opportunity offers, will make the most
of them.
There Is a field mouse disease that
is harmless to domestic animals, and
the survey is trying hard to make it
virulent enough to do business with
some of the larger pests. It promises
well, but the scientists have had too
many disappointments to be bragging
in advance. They are, however, act
ually trying to reinforce the disease
and make it worse than it has proved
up to date. This is getting pretty deep
Into the network of germology and
toxic science. It means really breed-
Ing up disease germs on somewhat the
same plan that plants and animals are
now bred by the department. But
there is a hope that they may be able
to do something with it. Anyhow
they are trying.
There has been a number of reports
from abroad of the wonderful thin.es
foreign bacteriologists have succeeded
In doing in the line of contagious dis
eases for small animal pests, but
though jultures have been bought
abroad and tried faithfully hero, no
results have ever been obtained. Some
of the germs have proved fatal to the
animals that ate them, but the same
la true of any sort of poison that can
TO BREED UP A DISEASE.
Efforts of the Government to Start a Plague Among Destructive Varmints.
GUY ELLIOTT MITCHELL
be bought by the pound and spread
on bread. The contagious quality
has not developed yet in any of the
foreign cultures tried.
THE RABBIT PEST.
The biological survey has been able
to do a good deal in a practical way
with the rabbit pest. Some time ago
the forest service set up a howl of in
dignation. It had planted some hun
dred thousand young trees, nursery
stock, in one of the California forest
reserves, and the rabbits ate them
up in about a week. Then it seeded
several hundred acres with white pine
to restore the land after a fire, and
the rabbits cheerfully set to work, dug
up all the seeds and ate them. But
the biologists were loaded for rabbit,
so to speak, and they furnished the
forest people with a harmless wash
to soak their pine nuts in before plant
ing, and with a cheap dip for the
nursery stock which a self-respecting
rabbit will no more nibble than will
an ordinary human being smell auto
mobile odor for a perfume.
In this the biologists confessedly
took a leaf out of the book of the
Piute and other desert-dwelling In
dians. The Piutes have been caching
food supplies 'of pine and pinion nuts
in the desert for hundreds of years
and they found that the rabbits, the
ground squirrels and prairie dogs
would clean out their cache. But
they found by experience that there
was a little desert weed that the
ground animals disliked excessively
and that anything dipped in a tea
steeped from the bark of the weed was
rabbit-proof for a long time thereafter.
So the rabbits were checkmated on
that play and the forest officers have
no more trouble from that quarter.
PLAGUE OP THE WOLVES.
But it is the very presence of the
forest reserves that has bred the
present plague of timber wolves in
the West No hunting is allowed in
the reserves and they form nurseries
for game of all sorts. But it seems
that they breed wolves quite as fast
as they breed anything else, of which
fact the cattle raisers have been made
painfully aware.
In the days of tbe buffalo on the
plains, thousands of wolves lived on
the herds. When the buffalo were
killed off the wolves disappeared also,
till there was not one where there used
to be a thousand. Then the cattle
men began to stock the ranges, and
the wolves found conditions much the
same as in the buffalo days. They
promptly multiplied and increased till
they are now doing an immense
amount of damage, aided largely by
their asylum in the forest reserves.
The biological survey has sent out
Mr. Vernon Bailey, one of its best
men, to study the wolf problem, and
he has been skeeing and snowshoeing
through Wyoming and Montana while
the snow was on the ground and the
wolves were particularly easy to track
and study. He has not done any
shooting, but is trying the effects of
poisons and traps. But the wolves are
about as cunning as foxes, and after
you have trapped and poisoned a few
in a given district the rest grow wary
AN OUT OP DOOR BROODER AND FLOCK OF YOUNG WHITE LEGHORNS.
and the poisons and traps are rele
gated to seat 23. The wolves get so
crafty that they will not swallow a
piece of meat without mouthing It,
and if they get the bitter taste of
strychnine or arsenic they drop it and
look for something else to eat.
Whether or not the survey will be able
to kill them off with some contagious
disease is a question, but ' they are
rapidly becoming as great a pest and
far more dangerous than the smaller
"varmints."
Egg Farms of California.
T. F. McGREW
Many years ago I assisted a friend
in the loading of a car of poultry for
California. This car was shipped from
Central Ohio, and the fowls contained
therein were very well selected from
flocks of desirable varieties. The
owner of this car crossed the conti
nent In care of his birds and settled in
Central California. Reports from
there a few years later told a direful
story of the impossibility of success
in poultry-growing in California.
It is unnecessary to relate the many
troubles experienced, except to say
that tbe amateur in poultry at that
time imagined that the birds would
live and prosper in the California cli
mate without proper shelter within
bouses during the cold, damp weather.
A close study of these conditions
has entirely eliminated all these mis
takes, and to-day there Is no place
In the United States where there is an
enthusiasm equal to that found
throughout California with reference
to this industry.
The construction of proper houses,
the selecting of proper breeds and the
proper caring for them has built up an
enormous egg business through that
section of the country.
In the neighborhood of Petaluma,
more Leghorn fowls are probably kept
for producing the white-shelled eggs
for the California city markets than
can be found within the same number
of miles in any other place in the
world. One enthusiastic visitor to that
locality has made the statement that
every acre in the fifty thousand ceres
visited contained a hundred Leghorns.
The climate of Southern California,
the beauties of the scenery, the pleas
ure of fruit cultivation and the profit
able growing of poultry have attracted
many hundreds to that section to em
bark in these pursuits under pleasant
conditions.
A Mr. Brownlow who purchased a
few acres of ground in that locality
ten years ago has built up for himself,
with the assistance of his wife and
children, a most profitable combination
of poultry, fruit, bees and squabs, all
of which thrive continually under the
softer climates of that locality, ena
bling these people to produce broilers
every month with a minimum amount
of care and attention, the fruit and
bees being a remarkable source of
profit during the greater part of the
year.
PROTECTION AGAINST DAMP
IMPORTANT.
The buildings used for poultry in
these localities need not be so expen
sive in construction as is necessary in
that portion of the country visited
THE SCOURGE OP THE CATTLE COUNTRY.
feeding the fowls; and the facility
with zero weather during the winter
months. Protection from rain, damp
and vermin is the most necessary ad
junct to a properly constructed poultry
house when the poultry can not run
at large and range over the land.
There is no month in the year in which
they can not find more or less animal
and vegetable life for food upon the
range. This 12 months of food supply
reduces the expense very materially in
with which squab breeders can fly
their birds at large, continually adds
vigor and strength to the breeding
stock, which naturally assists In the
quick growth and size obtained in the
squabs.
The quotation of eggs, dressed
poultry and squabs In the California
market, while not the equal of the
New York and Boston markets, will
grade well in value with the average
markets of our larger inland cities.
The expense of living as to food
and other necessities is not so
high as in the colder parts of
the country, as much of It is
usually produced near at hand. All
of these things combine to make the
regions of Southern California most
attractive to poultry growers, who may
be seeking a softer climate to lessen
the aggravation which the rigors of
winter heap upon some member of
the family. Many have gone there
seeking a place merely to benefit their
health, and have been much improved
by so doing; but they have also been
able to make a living for themselves
and their families through the com
bination above described.
ALL CANNOT SUCCEED.
All do not succeed. This can not be
in any following of life. Those who
do succeed usually have more or less
experience in the business before they
embark upon it. The failures come
to the inexperienced, and those who
are unable to contend with the diffi
culties always confronting one in the
upbuilding of a new home in any lo
cality.
What are known in the San Fran
cisco market as "range" eggs, the Nc tj
York market designates as "fresh-laid"
eggs. Ranch eggs of California are
the fresh-laid eggs that are brought
direct to the market and sold as such.
During November and December last
this quality of eggs sold in the mar
kets of San Francisco as high as fifty
one cents a dozen, and as low as thirty
cents, influenced, no doubt, by the sip
ply and demand, governing this pro
duct in every locality.
Eggs sold in Chicago during the
year of 1905 as low as fifteen cents.
In San Francisco the lowest price
quoted for the year was fourteen
cents. When the lesser expense of
caring for them Is considered, the ad
vantages or profit from poultry grow
ing should be fully equal to, if not bet
ter than would be the same pursuit in
Illinois.
BUSINESS METHODS IN FARMING
Successful Kansas Farmer Who Has
Kept Trace of Receipts and Ex-
penditures for Twenty Years.
the Kansas City Journal of the suc
cess of A. L. Hollinger. a well-to-do
Kansas farmer who opened a set of
books when he began farming twenty
years ago and who has kept his ac
counts as accurately as a bank does
its. The other day he struck a trial
balance and found himself $50,000 to
the good. He has now retired from
the farm and will make a tour of
America.
The compilation of his long record
beginning with 1886 shows the total
figures given as follows: He has
raised 5,265 acres of wheat, a yearly
average of over 263 acres, and on
that area has raised 98,791 bushels, or
an average per acre for twenty years
of 18% bushels. During all the two
decades he never bad an entirefailureof
wheat, although an average of 1%
bushels an acre in 1895 came very near
to it
His corn record Is equally interest
ing. He has raised 2,846 acres of
corn, a yearly average of 142 acres.
The total number of bushels was 72,
672, or an average per acre for twenty
years of 25% bushels. The corn
made two entire failures, one in 1895
and one in 1901. In 1895 it was very
near a failure, only 3 bushels per
acre. Less attention was paid to oats
and only 679 acres were raised. This
SEND NO MONEY-WE PAY THE FREIGHT
We will gladly send you as a present one of onr Beautiful Dinner Sets. gnaranteeA
full size, for family use, high-grade porcelain (no cheap imitation), floral design, chaste
and pretty with edges traced in gold, the kind that is all the rage In fashionable Nsw
York, if you will help us introduce our Standard Baking Powder, Teas. Coffees, Spices.
Flavoring Extracts, Soaps and Toilet Articles. All our goods are pure — no trash; they
have been tried and tested by experts and give satisfaction. We want yonr influence and
help and you do not need to send us acent of your money. Other firms may have tried to
convince you that their offers were liberal but we know that our offers, goods and prem-
iums are better than any others you have ever seen, because they have been put along-
side of ours and have been declared so by competent Judges, by people who know. We
can easily prove this to you If you will drop us b line, just % postal card If you like, so
that we can send you a full description of our plans and many other really valuable
things which you may keep for yourself, no matter whether you ever do s cent's worth
ot business with us. or nob You will be paid over and over again for your little trouble.
WE WILL SEND YOU ALMOST ANYTHING ELSE YOU WANT
such as Lamps, Furniture, Silverware. Curtaint, Trunks— in fact there is no reason why
you should not completely furnish your house or clothe yourself without a cent ol
expense, by helping us to introduce the "Curwell Plan" of doing business.
We want to be Mr and square with 70a and II after you receive the Dinner Set. yoa
find It Is not exactly as represented, yoa may keep It and not do another thing lor ni.
That's the Uad ot people we are.
You will be surprised \o find bow euy It is (or yon to take orders (or tbe» neceesary bonnbold
goods because we allow yon to give free with every pound can of Baking Powder a handsome T-rleoa
Olass Lemonade Bet, a 10-qnart hi trh -grade prey enamel Granite Fall , a Morocco Leather Oxford Bible,
•Curing Set In case, or many other valuable present? . It too take orders for only ten ot tneee pack-
ages you get a beautiful Dinner Set (or yourrell in addition. The c c>ods and Premiums are all aalpped
at tbe same time and we pay freight charges. Ton may pay as alter you collect tbe money.
NEW YORK THE GREATEST MARKET IN THE WORLD
It Is tbe key to tbe United States and onr buyers are continual it watching the Steamer docks for
bargains and snape for our customers. We take advantage of tbe financial difficulties ot others and
wben they get Into trouble, we can advance the car h because we always bare plenty ot it and we get
tbe goods at our own price. 80 It is, we can make these wonderfnl offers to you. Too and you alone
get all the benefit, as the success of our entire business depends upon our customer*. We are bound to
please and satisfy them at alltlmes. I»o not full to write as today sowecan tell you all about the
"CurweU plan" and send you all tne things we spoke about.
THE CURWELL CO., "SrKf. ERSIXT 124 E. 124 th St., H.w York City
averaged for the tweaty years 25%
bushels per acre. In all these figures
the number of acres sown is given and
the number of bushels harvested.
"During the twenty years," said Mr.
Hollinger, "I have aimed to carry
enough cattle to use up the rough
ness and the corn raised on the farm,
usually from 100 to 400 head. Of late
years I have paid more attention to
cattle and alfalfa, and have found
that it was a far more reliable com
bination than purely grain farming in
which I was chiefly engaged In the
earlier time of my experience. There
is no question but that any intelligent
farmer can make a competency, and
support his family in abundant com
fort in central Kansas. I have done
no more than any of my neighbors did
or might have done. Each yerr the
same income approximately can be se
cured if the work is carefully planned
and such crops are raised as areadapted
to Kansas soil and Kansas climate."
As an example of Mr. Hollinger's
stock raising it may be mentioned that
he came to Kansas City recently with
$9,500 worth of stock which he sold
off his farm. He has lived on the
same place for thirty-three years and
is not leaving Kansas because he Is
entirely satisfied with his wealth but
because he wants to give his family
a broader education and to secure
recreation for himself. "I think I
have enough to keep me from want,"
he said, "and I am entitled to get some
thing more out of life than I have
heretofore done."
GREAT BEAR COUNTRY.
Representative Bede of Minnesota
Tells the President About Bis
Game Hunting in Duluth.
How it happened that the war cor
respondents at Washington found out
about J. Adam Bede's conference on
bears with President Roosevelt does
not appear. However, a full report of
the Minnesota Congressman's tales
has been made, and was made public
in the New York Evening Post. It
makes an alluring document. Mr. Bede,
who is the acknowledged wit of the
House, sought the President with the
friendliest intention. "You like to
shoot bears," said "Jadam," diplo
matically. Mr. Roosevelt admitted it.
"But you don't have to go into the
wild West for your sport," went on the
Minnesota statesman. "Think of this
fact: thirteen bears were shot in the
streets of Duluth last year — in Du
luth, the pride of the Northwest, that
beautiful city on the great unsalted
sea." The statement had a perceptible
effect on the President, and Mr. Bede
was encouraged to go on. "It's the
only place in the whole world, Mr.
President, where you can go bear
hunting by trolley car, under the elec
tric light, and on asphalt pavements.
We have all the conveniences so dear
to the heart of the true sportsman,
and without leaving your hunting
ground you can walk across the street
to the mail box and drop in a postal
card to your friends, telling them all
about the game you have bagged."
With the Congressman was a Duluth.
constituent, a lady with first-hand
knowledge of bear hunting in that
city. She added her corroborative
statement: "Oh, yes, Mr. President, a
short time ago a friend of mine heard
a noise outside his window, and on
looking out saw that it was a bear try
ing to climb a telegraph pole. He shot
that fellow without leaving his bed
room." Then, to the joy of the Presl-»
dent, Mr. Bede took up the tale: "Why,
bears are common things with us up
in Minnesota, Mr. President. Last year
five bears held up one of our trolley
cars. They were two old ones and
three cubs. This occured right in the
streets of Duluth. The big fellow got
in front of the car and put his paws
on the dashboard, driving the motor
man off. while mamma and the cubs
went around after the conductor. After
they had had enough of this sport they
raised the siege and trotted off toward
the outskirts of the city. Oh, no, we
don't let the bears trouble us much.
When they get too bothersome we turn
them over to the police, who drive
them out of town; but it's a great bear
country up there, and I'm sure you
would like to see a bit of it." Now, If
it is announced that President Roose
velt means to take a vacation up in
the Minnesota woods, the correspond
ents may go straight to Dulutß, where,
as Mr. Bede is a true prophet, the
great bear slayer may be found sitting
in the door of an up-to-date hotel, a
rifle across his knees, waiting for the
promised sport.
EITO Permanently Cured. NontsornerToumess after
PI I « first rlay'R use of Dr. Kline's Great Nenre Re-
storer. Send (or FREE J2.00 trial bottle and treatise
Da. K. H. KU.VB, Ltd.. 931 Arch BL. Philadelphia. Pa.
: MALE HELP WANTED. ;/:
BOOKKEEPER : Man thoroughly experienced tn
doable entry bookkeeping, who Is competent to take
charge of offlce. Salary 11200. Write us to-day.
MAfUOODa. Suite 10. 806-309 Broadway. N. Y.
A.«£NTS, OUK NEW GOLD Window Sign Let-
ters beat anything on the market. BlgProfita,
Agents make 1 10.UO to |2aoo dally. Complete sample
outfit 25c Particulars free. Sullivan Co, 40d W.
Van Buren St.. Chicago. 111. - ■ .- ■
WANTED: A Hundred Firemen and Brakemen on
different railroads. Age 20 to 30, good sight and
hearing. Experience unnecessary. Firemen 1100
monthly, become Engineers and earn »2UO. Brake-
men »7U monthly, become Conductors and earn $160.
Positions awaiting competent menTsend tar i
particulars. Name position erred. Rafiwiy ■
Association. Room 65, 227 Monroe Street. Brooklyn.
WANTED: Amateur photographs suitable for .
art and advertising subjects. Mail print and price
with postage for return If not accepted, to The Geo.
R. Lawrence Company, 274 Wabtish Aye.. Chicago; I
WE WANT A HUSTLING AGENT In your town
for the only automatic shears, the Sheer-Cut Shears.
Best shears, best terms. Credit given. Orders filled
same day received. Novelty Shear Co, 184 La Sails
St., Chicago, 111. ■ .
SALESMEN TO SELL the largest line of souvenir
post cards In the country. Also large line of adver-
using fans. Excellent side line. Good Commission
and Prompt Settlement. Alfred Holzman, Pob-
Usher. 340 Dearborn St., Chicago. 111.
MEN & BOYS WANTED to learn the Plumbing '
Trade. Complete the course In 2 or 3 months. Ju-
niors earn from 13 to 14 per day. With 6 months'
experience outside, yon can join the Union and de-
mand 14 to |5 per day. Catalogue sent free. Union
plumbing School. 163 w. 29th St.. New York.
' WE WANT MEN In every State to carry on busi-
ness of great profit. Attractive proposition to per-
manent men. State Maps sell themselves. Strictly
commission basis. Scarborough Co., Box 5269, Bos-
ton, Mass, or Indianapolis, Ind.
LADIES' APPAREL. _
SHIRT WAIST HOLDER EXTRAORDINARY—
keeps. waist down all around: no pins or hooks to
tear : send 25c. with waist measurement over corset
and ask tor white or black. Felix Corset Co., 131
Prince St.. New York. -
REAL ESTATE.
20 ACRE TRACTS CHOICEST fruit and farm land
(on the Gulf Coast Highlands in Alabama) for 160 I
cc&h and 45 monthly instalments of (10 each (In. Spar I
cent). Crops pay »75 to $260 an acre a year. Remark- 1
ably healthful. Send for booklet. IfTlPgtOa Land
Co.. 184 La Salle St., Chicago, 11L
WANTED: WICHITA PROPERTY. Lands to
Southwest Kansas. What have you for sale? 2*
years buying and selling, Kansas dirt. Choice (40
acres near Garden City. {6.400. Write E. L Spencer. I
115 S. Lawrence Aye, Wichita, Kansas. T»
CALIFORNIA COLONIZATION LANDS. Tracts
of 2000 to 20,000 acres; low prices ; easy terms; level,
rich, alluvial soil ; abundance of water ; bestclimate
on earth. U. L. Dike Investment Co. (Inc.) 231 1
Mason Bldg.. Log Angeles. Cal. ■■
COUNTRY PROPERTY EVERYWHERE .■
-Farms, residences, hotels, stores, etc Catalog
Free to Intending buyers. Owners wishing to sea
call or write at once. Phillips & Wells, 95X Tribune
Building, New York. t"l7< -•'!•. ■
BUSINESS EQUIPMENT.
CALIGRAPH TYPEWRITER WOOD. Remington,
Yost, Densmore & Jewett, $15.00 each. Electric '
Commercial Graphaphone Outfit, new taper-arm •
disc phonograph cheap. Edison Mimeograph 110.00. .
O. Hacker. 2 Park PI.. N. Y. ■ -
BOOK-KEEPERS— out of trouble. Remove I
blots ana Incorrect entries without scratching. Our
Eradlcator never falls. Send 25c. for bottle. Best
terms to Agents. H. A. Ink Eradlcator Oft, 1960 I
Washington Aye, New York.| ■:-■■.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SOUVENIR POST CARDS OF NEW YORK CITY,
beautifully colored, no two alike, prominent views
only. Send twenty-five cents in stamps or money
order and I will mall six cards; one card a day for
six days. Foreign addresses one cent additional
per card. JULIUS W EIL. No. 21 West Houston St,
New York City. References. Mechanics A Traders
Bank. _^___^^^_^_____ -
SELF FILLING " Blofll " Fountain Pen. The
best and most simple self filling Fountain Pen mad*.
(1.00 to Introduce It to the trade now. Regular retail
price 12.00. For sale at any Stationer, Dept. Store or
Jeweler, or of the manufacturer. Diamond Point
Pen Co.. 102 Beekman St., New York-
25 VISITING CARDS 10c. Your name neatly
printed in script, old English, or Roman on 25 flue
Bristol cards, only 10c; name and address, 15c. 60
with name and address, 25c. Mattesoq. 3U2-46th8t,
Brooklyn, N. Y. ■ ___.
CYPHER WRITING. Construct your own secret
cypher by the Perfect System. Invaluable for cor-
respondence and diaries. Easy for those having
key. Others cannot understand. Full Instruction*
11. J. W. Magrath, P. O. Box 224. New York.
15 MASS. HISTORICAL Post Cards, postpaid 10c
- Newton Art Co., 638 Broadway. New York City.
CATSKILL MT. POST CARDS-10 assorted finest
* colored artistic views, 25 cents, from the Haunts of
Rip Van Winkle. If you don't like 'em we refund
the money. Also West Point, Hudson River Views,
Ac, &c, list free. Barton & Spooner, Box 33, Corn-
, wati-on-Hndson, N. Y. ■. ■ ■■■■■■
I ATHLETIC OUTFITS— Ball uniforms a
pedalty. Send for sample book of uniform flannels
' and 1906 Athletic Catalogue. Charges prepaid to any
point In the U. S. Established 1826. William Read
' & Sons. Boston. Mass. ■ - ■ ■
'• VALUABLE SCARF PINS absolutely protected!
by our patented thief proof " Simplex Pin Guard."
Ask dealer or send 25 cents to-day for gold plated
sample. H. Ryplnskl, 142 West 106 th Street, New
York. ' ■..■■-
BEES, HONEY, BEE SUPPLIES. An races bees
Queens, full line supplies. Everything for the bee-
keeper; books, magazine. A.so One honey. Writ*
for catalog stating which you want. A. I. Root Co.
Medina, Ohio. N~Y. City. Philadelphia. Chicago. ■
j 11000 FOR II Accident Policy paying 15 weekly.
tIUUO death benefit. 1260,000 deposited with N. Y. In,
' Commissioner for protection. Send tl for Policy,
i Good Agents earn tap a week. N. Y. Registry Co.,
\ 1181 Broadway. New York. ~*
; PATENTS THAT PROTECT. Our ItaSooks for
- Inventors mailed on receipt of 6 cents stamps. R.
S. &A. B. Lacey. Washington, D. C. Established
,1569..;. ;,z*s.--- ■■. ■ |
"£« »TO THE LAME I
*mm* TO THE LAME
There are only two Ex-
KSPVHfe tensions-we patented
■sTT fmnM t'uth. Others imitate
wMHH^our 1884 style — we
JWssBB^^^BBBBBm make it correctly at
— — — — J lO - wltD "°'Con-
1884 A. nor"s Latest" you
m -OWIMMLaIMf ««
fitW I * o6 Oxford ties, «7iUo<i(
.—jfflfiS alteration — open back, no lacing— no exer-
«yjjEM Oon to walk— pur/ect ankle and fiiswp I Cut
'•'" ■*. this out and send to-day and we will tea
OLD WAX you ho-» to get one A"- Give shortage.
E. L. O'Connor Wig. Co.. 1371 B'wy. H. V. 1
Seeking as we always do,
five our readers the best of ever
thing, we are about to offer you
serial form, the unusual and a
sorbing st ry, entitled
••THE WHITE COMPANY."
by no less treat an author thi
Sir A. Conan Doyle, who for t]
past twenty years has been one
the most widely read of model
writers. His latest efforts, "Tl
Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
have been published and re
throughout Europe and Americ
In fact, no writer of late yea
has received more popular i
tention or merited more prai
than this gifted Englishman, r
style is most pleasing and his ir
aginative power far above t]
usual.
We have secured from a
Conan Doyle's American publisl
ers the right to this novel, and
is with great pleasure that we a:
able to announce its early appea
ance in the "Magazine Section
Be sure to get the initial chapter
as it is a stirring tale that will ho
your interest from first to list.Established November i, 1855.
LAWYERS.
rpABOR & TABOR
Attorneys at Law
Stoll Building, Sacramento, Cal.
Special attention given to applications for
United States Mineral Patents and Land and
Mining litigation.
T W. CALDWELL ;
Attoruey-at-Law
Jackson, Cal. '
Will practice in all courts of the State.
DOCTORS.
T\B. P..S. GOODMAN
Physician and Surgeon
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Diseases of women and children a specialty.
Office hours- 12 to 2p, m. ; 7to9p. m.
TAR. T. I). M. QUINN
Physician and Surgeon
AMADOR CITY, CAL.
Office hours— to 4 and 7toBp. m. Telephone
at residence.
T\R. A. PARKER LEWIS
. Physician and Surgeon
, SUTTER CREEK.
Office:— Building - CAL.
T7l E. ENDICOTT, M.' D.
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal. ; ■■'"■.■
Office: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times,
TTVR. E. V. TIFFANY
Physician and Surgeon
PLYMOUTH, CAL.
Office— Forrest House. Hours— B to 9 a. m.,
and 1 to 2 and 7 to 8 p. m.
Telephone Main 41.
/ r-vR. L.E. PHILLIPS
Physician and Surgeon
JACKSON CAL.
X-Eay used in Practice.
Office— Weil & Renno Building. Residence
north Main street, opposite California
Hotel.
■ Telephone No. 401.
' T\R. A. M. GALL
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal
Office in Marelia building. Main Street
TAR. H. N. FREIMAN ,_
' Physician and Surgeon
SUTTER CREEK. CAL.
Offle hours— to 2 and 7to 8:30 p. m.
TAR. J. H. O'CONNOR
Physician and Surgeon
Formerly of Roosevelt Hospital and Vander-
bilt Clinic, New York City.
Office and residence opposite the Methodist
Church.
SUTTER CREEK. CAL.
* P. GRIFFIN,
Physician and Surgeon.
VOLCANO, CAL.
Phone No Calls promptly answered.
DENTISTS.
-T\R. C. A. HERRICR
.>*" " DENTIST — -
Jackson. Cal.
Office in Kay bulging. Hours from 9 a. m. to
5 p.m.
T\K. JOHN A. DELUCCIII
DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office Hours: — From 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••♦
;A. Malatesta I
• BAKERY •
• SUTTER CREEK, CAL. •
• BEST FAMILY GROCERIES J
0 French and American Bread, Pies, •
• Cakes, Cookies, etc. J
• Wagon visits Jackson on Tuesday, •
2 Thursday and Saturday of each week. m
• sep2 2
•••••••••••••••••••••••a**
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA. -
Boarding and Day School conducted by the Sis-
ters of Notre Dame (Namur). Founded in 1856
The curiculum embraces all the branches of
a solid English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses in art. language and music.
For further information address
aplO-tf SISTER SUPERIOR.
J.GHIGLIERI&BRO.
Cosmopolitan Liquor Store
rjACKSOH GATE, CAL.
Dealers and Jobbers in foreign and domestic
I/VINES, LIQUORS & CIGARS
SELECTED stock of Imported Goods. Choice
California Wines, popular brands Eastern
and Domestic Beers; special bottling.
Havana, Key West and New York Cigars.
Bourbon, Rye, Sweet and Sour Mash Whiskies
of celebrated distilleries. ja2 ly
SAVED,
The A. Van derNailen
SCHOOLS OF ENGINEERING
Open in all Branckhes.
Great demand tor ex-students in all lines.
■N,ew students should enroll at once.
Address, 5100 Telegraph Avenue,
OAKLAND, CALIF. my 18
! Ltd il I IS
llTempiI ITempi 5. 1 : !Temp: £.
D Date. i 1b j| Date. ! ! "
; ;L.:H.i 2|i j L [H.| 3
J June 1(06).. 50; 78.... June 17 106).! «• 90:~
2 ! 50: 0.06 ! 18 1 55: 94:....
3 ...... 61 680.20:! 19 i 60 : 93:....
4 ; 55: 67:0.41ij 20 1 56! 92! ....
5 !53 70....:; 21 ....! 54! 90; .
6 ; 43: 76:.... M 22 ! 53; .A....
7 ! 42! 77!....;; 23 1 .. ..:....
8 : 42! 78. ...::' 24 ....I T.\ ...'
9 ! 57: ....I 25 ....! ..: ..!
1 0 1 82:....! 26 : ..I .A....
1 1 !51 80!....! ..27 ! ..! ..!....
1 2 :45 78! ! ; 28 .. ! ..! ..!....
1 3 ; 47: 79: |j 29 \ ...: ..!.. .
1 4 ! 46: 78!....!; SO I ..j ......
151 5 ; 49: 78! !j 31 ': ! ..!
161 6 i 49: 84! 1! i I
The Amador Ledger.
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weekly for the Ledger.
Radium's Place in Medicine.—lm
proved Meat Preserving.— A Solar
Emanation.— A Metallic Globe with
a Kock Crust. — Miniature Boom
erangs.—A Foul-air Alarm. — High
Life.— Air Sounds in Water.—Color
ed Light and Visibility.
From an experience of two years
and a review of medical literature,
Dr. Metzenbaum classes radium with
the Finsen light, X-rays and surgery
in the treatment of lupus, and with
surgery and the X-rays in the treat
ment of rodent ulcer and small sur
face cancers. In these cases, healing
is rapid and apparently permanent,
while tbe beneficial effects ot radium
are obtained from tubes of low activ
ity, costing but a few dollars. Deep
seated malignant growths seem beyond
tbe influence of radium rays, and the
expected benefit in blindness has not
been realized, while radium cannot
t&ke the place of X-rays for skiagraphs
on account of the length of exposure
necessary and the irritation that
would result. Kadium has some effect
in making ulcer scars smooth, pliable
and bealtby in appearance.
The Craveri method of preserving
meat lately found by Italian experts
to promise advantages over all other
processes, consists in draining tbe
veins of the slaughtered animals, and
then injecting a solution of 100 parts
ot water, 25 ot kitchen salt and 4 of
acetic acid to the amount of one
tenth of tbe living weight. In tbe
Turin tests, a treated sheep and calf
were hung for 75 days in a cellar at
til degrees F. They were then skinu
ed, dressed and cut up, when tbe
dean was found fresh in appearance
with no trace of putrefaction, and
proved to be tender, unusually well
flavored, digestible and nutritious.
From observations on Mont .Blanc
and recent discoveries in physics, A.
Hausky has concluded that tbe solar
corona, zodiacal light and aurora
boreaiis are all electrical phenomena,
and are due to negatively charged
particles detached from tbe sun and
repelled by tbe pressure of light with
a velocity of several thousand miles
a second.
Our conception of the earth's inter
ior is being gradually transformed by
the discoveries in radioactivity.
Radium or radioactive substance has
been found in all igneous rocks, but
is most in evidence in granites and
least so in basic rocks. That it is
the cause of the earth's internal heat
is an idea that is gaining ground.
The distribution of radium is fairly
uniform, and this gives basis for
calculations showing that tbe earth's
orust cannot be much more than 45
miles deep, as otherwise the outflow
of heat would be greater than is ob
served, and for the conclusion that
the interior— comparatively cold in
stead of a molten mass — must be ot
some totally different material. The
last result agrees with that reached
by Prof. Milne from the velocity ot
earthquake travel through tbe inter
ior. The moon probably consists
mostly of rock, with an internal tem
perature much greater than that of
the earth, and this explains tbe groat
development of lunar volcanoes.
Iron meteorites contain little radium.
The flight of boomerangs is illu
strated by L. Pfaunder, a German
lecturer, by means of various shaped
little models, from 2 to 4 inches long.
These are cut from aluminum toil a
fiftieth of an inch thick, and they are
hammered convex on one tbe concave
edge to the front, one end projecting
over tbe side of tbe table almost on a
level with the top of a flat vertical
spring. The spring drives the boome
rangs forward aud upward G or 8
yards, and then the bit of metal
returns and falls near its starting
point.
Contaminated air is drawn from a
room through a stove or flue by rea
son of the lower atmospheric pressure
lo detect when tbe ventillation is not
'properly continuing, an Italian,
SigDor Bertini, has devisd an instru
ment called tbe noseroscope, which
rings an alarm-bell when the dimin
ished pressure disappears. This gives
due notice that foul air must be
collecting in the room.
Tbe highest dwelling place continu
ously occupied, according to Dr.
Leonard Hill's new work on progress
in physiology, is the Xl Misti Obser
vatory in tbe Andes, at 19,270 feet.
The observatory of Arequipa is at
22,660 leet above sea-level. Thok
djalung is a village in tbe Himalayas
at 15,335 feet. In Peru, Bolivia and
northern Chile, a very large part of
the population live above 10,000 feet.
Potosi, which has numbered 100,000
inhabitants, is at 13,660 feet; Cerro
de Pasco at 14,270 feet; while the
railway from Callao to Oroya cul
minates in a tunnel at 16,510 feet,
almost the height of Mont Blanc.
Such works are evidence of man's
activity atueights of 2 l 2 to 3 miles.
Jourdanet says the inhabitants of tbe
high altitudes in America are anaemic
and of poor physique, and Mosso says
tbe same of tbe shepherds of the high
Alps. This is probably an effect ot
poor food rather than ot lessened air
pressure. It is said that no cats livo
above 11,500 feet. They sicken iv the
village^ of the Cordillera, become de
jected, have convulsions, and die.
Condors, on the other hand, fly from
sea level to the tops of the Andes in
a few minutes, attaining, Humboldt
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY. CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY. JUNE 22, 1906.
estimated, heights as great as five
miles. At such height the air pres
sure is about a third as great as at
sea-level.
The croaking of frogs or toads under
water is heard at some distance, and
tbe love call of certain fishes is audi
ble from a depth of several fathoms.
An English observer points out that
sounds pass much less readily from
air to water. He credits fishes with a
sensitive hearing apparatus, but
has satisfied himself that speaking
does not disturb a trout or other fish.
Yet a slight stamp on the ground
causes the creature to dart away.
In a new British microscope any
part of the spectrum can be used for
illuminating the object. It promises
valuable results, and proves that
different rays show minute details
differently, certain diatoms, for in
stance, being visible under green but
not to be seen with the yellow.
Travels in
Alaska.
Dr. C. H. Gibbons
After several years of "strenuous
life" in the interior, I welcomed a
sojourn in Seward as -a release from
the hardships of long trips on foot.
Shortly after ruy arrival the U. S.
marshal and district attorney asked
me to go to Sunrise with them, about
ninety miles north of here, to give
expert testimony in a murder case.
We left Seward before daylight iv the
caboose uf a construction train, and
in a little less than two hours alight
ed at a' tie camp on Mile 34. Here we
bad a good breakfast, in a tent where
tables were set for about seventy men
three times a day. Leaving the rail
road we " hit the trail"— seven of us.
First across the creek on a log, then
up a steep hill, and for eight miles
through a heavy forest, sometimes de
scending but usually climbing along
tbe path ot an old glacier, with snow
capped peaks on either band. Above
the timber line tbe trail skirted tbe
shore of two hikes, each about a mile
across. We were now at tbe summit
of Kenai peninsula on the watershed
between Cook's inlet and Resurrec
tion bay. The scenery has the rugged,
rocky grandeur peculiar to the coast
of southern Alaska, but is not so im
mense as that further east. From the
northward a frequent roar as of "heavy
attillery told where the railway pio
neers were smiting the ledges with
dynamite to open tbe way to the won
ders and riches of the interior.
Wow we went down a canon, follow
ing a dizzy and dangerous trail, often
along ledges hundreds of feet above
the boiling, roaring creek, and a much
greater distance below tbe glistening
Kenai Deaks. Sixteen miles and five
hours from the railroad we stopped at
an unoccupied cabin to rest and have
a lunch of coffee, meat and bread.
Our district attorney, age 30, weight
220 ponnds, a new arrival in Alaska,
had expressed his fears the previous
evening that 1 could not stand the
trip. My " innings" came when we
were again on tbe way, for our legal
light began to fail, and the nine miles
we traveled that afternoon were a de
cided weariness to his flesh, although
he was a Yale man and claimed to be
an athlete.
We passed the night in another
empty cabin. Its one small bed we
awarded to the invalid, while the rest
of us enjoyed the soft side of the
spruce floor. Next morning our law
twister declared he was unable to rise
and should wait there until a horse
could be sent for him. 1 massaged bis
stiffened muscles until he agreed to
try it once more. We only came six
miles that forenoon to a road house,
where we got an excellent meal. An
Indian going to town had taken a mes
sage to send a horse to this place tor
the cripple. The rest of us followed
the very good trail dbwn the valley,
which is from one to two miles wide,
passing several tine farms, where hay
and vegetables are raised in abund
dance. Ten miles brought us to Sun
rise—one of the o'dest mining towns
in Alaska — in time for supper. The
disciple of Blackstone arrived on
horseback about midnight. As this is
a high class paper, I will not venture
to describe his language or condition.
Last summer the bast mine near
Sunrise produced over SBO a day to
each man employed. We had good
meals and beds. Tbe trial kept us a
week, but 1 enjoyed tbe experience.
Some twenty families are at Sunrise;
also a U. S. Commissioner, two large
mercantile establishments, two hotels,
two saloons, and a pack train of twen
ty-two horses to cairy supplies to
the miners. Sunrise is on the south
ern shore of Turnsgain arm, which is
a part of Cook's inlet. Small steam
ers carry supplies from Seldovia about
seven months in the year to half a
dozen small towns along tbe inlet and
arm.
Tbe main object ot interest here is
tbe tide,wbicb is the highest in North
America, except the bay of Fuudy.
Tbe highest is 52 feet, tbe average
about 45. 1 went down the lagoons
to the shore twice to see tbe tide
come in. Miles down tbe arm a white
line could be seen approaching at the
rate ot some eight miles an hour.
As it came nearer, this line proved to
be a nearly perpendicular wall of
water, about six feet bigb. This is
called the 'bore,' aud sweeps by witli
a roar like Niagira. After this the
rise is gradual, and iv six hours the
water is forty feet higher thau at low
tide. The ebbing ot course is gradual.
Many drowuinga have occurred by
small boats boiug overturned by tbe
"bore." The reaaou given for this
high tide is that tbe ocean pours into
the arm through several channels. It
seems strange, for tbe tide along the
coast here is only 17 feet, at San
Francisco 6 and at Honolulu but a
few inches. I was excused ten days
before the trial ended. Came alone
to the cabin, where we ate our first
dinner. With a stove and an old piece
of canvas 1 made myself very comfort
able, and started over tbe pass before
daylight in the rain, reaching Mile 34
two hours before the construction
train passed, so 1 had time to get dry
and enjoy a good lunch. Next day
a snowstorm came on, and tbe rest of
the crowd bad to bieak a trail through
fourteen inches of fleecy white. The
district attorney gave out at the cabin
near the summit, and waited three
days on short rations until a horse
could be taken over the trail to bring
him to the railroad.
THE LEDOUX CASE.
Stockton Independent,
from June 14 to 17.
Mrs Le Doux was in constant com
munication with her attorneys during
tbe labors of the day. Her time was
taken up in comparing the testimony
of witnesses with tbe actual facts as
she knew them, and sbe advised her
attorneys at aIJ times that they might
be able to intelligently cross-examine.
She is very cool and self-composed,
and does not seem to fear or to be
attected by testimony along general
lines. An examination of the blood
stained trunk or an exhibition of dis
colored and wrinkled clothes alone
cause her distress.
The physical exhibits in the case
are many and with eaoh succeeding
day are speedily increasing. Around
the tables occupied by the attorneys
for tbe prosecution have been at
different times the trunk, the tray,
rope, clothes of the deceased and
articles found in the trunk. A suit
case and a hammer; a knife, wrapping
paper, string, watoh, bottlas, beef,
iron and wine, clothes of Mrs Lie
Doux, portions of MoVicar's organs
in bottles, hotel registers, poisons of
various kinds, results of chemical
tests and a number of diagrams are
all in evidence and before the jury.
Deputy Sheriff C. C. Case, who con
duoted Mrs Le Doux from Antioch,
where she had been arrested, to the
Stockton jail, was called as a witness.
Mrs Le Doux told the officer that
Miller and McVicar were friends,
and upon the night of March 24th
they had been together, had beeD
drinking and were discussiug gambl
ing. About 12:30 o'clock they re
turned to room 97 in the California
lodging bouse on the night of March
24th and were talking angrily. She
left the room for about ten minutes,
and upon returning she found Mc-
Vicar by the side ot the bed with his
coat off, vomiting. Miller said be
had taken poison. Her hamper, which
was in the room, had been opened
and the contents .scattered upon the
floor, while a bottle ot carbolic acid
was upon the bureau with a portion
of its contents gone. Mrs Le Doux
said she was greatly excited and asked
Miller what she should do. He told
her to keep hor mouth shut. Alter
further* conversation with Miller, ne
told her to get a trunk and rope, put
the body of McVicar in it and send
it to San Francisco and store it there
for a year. She said he put the body
in tbe trunk after she had purchased
it, according to his directions. He
directed her to say nothing of what
bad transpired and with a knife
sharpened upon both sides and a six
shooter in hs hand he said he would
kill her if sbe did. Miller gave hei
$10, to buy the trunk and money to
buy clothes, which she subsequently
bought at the The Wonder in this
city.
Charles Newman, said he occupied
room 89 at the California lodging
bouse on the night of Saturday, March
24tb, be heard no unusual sounds in
room 97, adjouning him.
J. W. Tucker, clerk in the Arling
ton hotel, at Antiocb, said that on
the evening of Sunday, March 25th, a
woman in appearance tbe same as
Mrs Le Doux arrived on the 6:20
train from San Francisco and regis
tered at the hotel as Mrs Jones and
was assigned to room 19, and that no
person came to the hotel with her.
John H. Wbelibam, deputy con
stable at Antiocb, said be located
Mrs Le Doux in the parlor of tbe Ar
lington hotel and arrested her. He
said that when he informed her of his
intentions she said, "If you want
me, I'm here."
T. P. Shine, city marshal at An
tioch, said he saw Mrs Le Doux in
the parlor ot tbe Arlington hotel and
that when be told ber she was under
arrest she said she knew wbut the
trouble was but bad nothing to tear.
He walked about the town with ber
and she told him of tbe facts in the
caso, much as they have developed su
tar in tbe trial. Sbe told him about
her connection with the trunk, Me-
Vioar and Joe Miller. She saw her
picture in a San Francisco paper and
wanted to know bow it came there.
Sbe asked permission to telephone to
Jackson, that sbe might get into com
munication with attorney Charles
Crocker and her mother. The mar
shal identified a watch, key and a
knife found in the hamper of Mrs La
Doux, also a bottle with some liquid
in it matked "Carbolic Acid. Poi
son," also found in ber hamper. Sbe
said Miller came as far as Point
Uicbmoud with ber on her trip to An
tioch. He also found 94 in ber purse.
Judge Sullivan of Nebraska was a
witness and identified A. .\ McVicar's
signature to tbe marriage certificate.
The deceased was bis nephew.
Mrs Van Landingbam testified that
on Saturday, March 24tb, near mid
night, while in her room in the Cali
fornia hotel, she heard a sound as
though something heavy had fallen in
room 97, and a further sound as it
from moving furniture. She heard
no other unusual noises.
One interesting witness was Mrs
Jennie Hoffman, who lives at the
Hawbide mine, where sbe is engaged
in waiting upon a table. This wit
ness remembered Mrs Le Doux being
at the mine in March with A. N. Mc-
Vicar, who introduced her as his wife.
She said they occupied apartments
together for four days. On Wednes
day, the day before the accused and
deceased left the mine, she came to
the room of the witness with an arm
ful ot letters tied in little bundles
and asked permission to burn them
in a stove in the room. Mrs Le Doux
said they were cumbersome, heavy
when paoked and she did not wish tn
carry them around. She explained
what reason was given for McVicar
leaving his employment in the mine.
It was because he was only getting 83
per day and be could earn more— s4
per day on the ranch owned by .his
mother in Jackson. She did not want
to go to housekeeping near the mine
for the reason the house they had in
tended to take was unclean and the
proprietor refused to fix it. Mrs
Hoffman said Mrs Le Doux told her
that she cared so much for McVicar
that should be die she would never
marry again. On one of the nights
before the acouscd and deceased left
tbe mine they were in a grill at the
hotel and there had liquors— the ac
aused and deceased whiskey each,
while Mrs Hoffman partook of beer.
Mrs Le Doux said something to the
witness about a large trunk which
she had in Stockton. The witness
identified tbo gray silk suit and a
green silk sblrt waist which she
wore on the night they had Jhe liquor.
Tbe suit case of McVioar found a* the
depot in this oity and tbe hamper of
tbe accused were also identified.
Joseph E. Healey, the San Fran
cisco plumber and business man, was
one ol the most important witnesses.
His testimony was interesting— it was
a story told by a man who felt he had
been wronged and it savored of venom
and prejudice throughout. This was
shown upon tbe cross-examination by
attorney Fairall. He was indignant
because bis name bad been "dragged
into the case." Yet there was a
stronger reason than this for flavor
ing his testimony with bitterness— an
engagement to marry, an exchange of
affection, a subsequent feud and a de
mand tor the return of a diamond
ring given by him to bis betrothed
at tbe time of their engagement.
Part of tbe time he spoke with his
eyes apparently closed as if either en
grossed in thought or else in tbe
effort to avoid tbe searching gaze of
tbe accused woman who sat before
him.
On tbe evening of March 24tb Mr
Healey met Mrs Le Doux on the
corner of Market and Fifth streets,
in San Francisco by appointment
made by telegram. The message was
torn up and thrown away. Betore
meeting the accused Mr Healey went
to the Royal house, on Ellis street,
about 7:30 o'clock in evening,
and not finding ber there, looked
upon the register and in her band
writing caw the name, Mrs Emma T.
Williams, Stockton. After the meet
ing on the street they went to Wester
field's restaurant and there conversed
about the death of McVicar.
Mrs Le Doux said, "Poor Al is dead.
He died at Sonora of miners' con
sumptiun and died an easy death."
She showed tbe watch and chain in
troduced in evidence, which she said
MoVicar's brother, who was present
at bis death, insisted upon her taking.
There was also a trunk and valise at
the Southern Pacific depot in Stock
ton which she wanted the witness to
take charge of because she knew sbe
could trust him.
Cross-examination by attorney Fair
all showed that Mr Healey bad been
engaged to marry tbe accused and
that by reason of this, coupled with
other things, be was somewhat pre
judiced and felt that he had been
wronged. He said lie loaned Mrs
Le Doux's mother some $100 and
that it had never been returned to
him, although she had promised to
do so many times. He had been to
the home of the accused in Jackson
doing plumbing work in the nouse
while they were engaged to be
married. He said that he bad ob
tained the return of the diamond en
gagement ring.
Three photographs of Eugene Le
Doux were also introduced in evi
dence by way of making au intro
duction to tbe establishment of the
motive which tbe prosecution claims
it would rely upon for a conviction.
During tbe day many witnesses
were called. Sheriff Sibley was re
called early in tbe morning session
and was shown tbe original marriage
certificate obtained by tbe accused
and McVicar in Bisbee, Arizona.
C. F. Hadsell of Woodland, county
clerk of Volo county, swore that the
defendant had secured from him on
August 26, 1905, a license to wed
Eugene Le Doux. He thereupon
identified the photographs of Le
Doux. The accused was 27 years of
age and Le Doux 30. He signed his
name with a mark. Mrs H. V. Sacry,
telegraph operator in the Stockton
office ot the Postal Telegraph Com
pany, praduced tbe telegram sent by
Mrs Le Doux to Joe Healey on March
24th. Tbe telegram read, "Leave on
4:20 train. Meet me at Royal bouse
on arrival. E. W. "
Saturday Frank Le Doux was sworn.
He was 19 years of age and a brother
to Eugene, husband of the accused.
He had known Mrs L« Doux for many
years— she lived at one time at bis
parents' borne with ber husband.
His brother was unable to read or
write— he was illiterate— and as a
consequence he was called upon to
read letters written by the accused
to ber husband while she lived apart
from him.
Letters were shown the witness and
identified by him as ones he read to
Jean Le Doux written by his wife,
tbe accused. The letters introduced
were of the ordinary style touching
upon facts of interest to the parties
and naturally containing many words
of endearment. Tbe first commenced
in this fashion: "Sweetheart: Well,
my dear—," and others shown to tbe
witness were similar in composition.
The "unwilling" absence of the
loving wife evidently made "the heart
grow fonder" and sbe soothed the
husband's ruffled spirits with a politic
and genteel application of terms of
affection.
Upon objeotion of attorney Fairall
one of the letters was kept from the
jury upon tbe ground it had been
written before marriage.
In the afternoon session a contro
versy arose between the attorneys for
the respective parties regarding the
identity of tbe signature attached to
a telegram purported to have been
made and signed by Mrs Le Doux.
Joseph E. Healey was called by the
district attorney to identify the sig
nature. He was handed tbe telegram
and asked if the signature was that
of the defendant. He thereupon took
from his pocket a small strip of paper
which evidently contained the name
of the accused written by herself and
made a comparison, after which he
said it was his belief that the sig
nature was that of Mrs Le Doux.
Attorney Fairall again examined
the witness as to whether or not he
was prejudiced against the defendant.
Here Healey said he was "a little put
out" aud further "1 am here for the
prosecution."
It appeared that Attorney Fairall
had spoken with Mr Healey and had
made an engagement with him at his
office in the evening. Healey agreed
to speak about tbe case with tbe attor
ney. Later in tbe day it developed
that district attorney Norton had seen
Healey and upon being advised of the
appointment with attorney Fairall he
advised Mr Healey not to speak with
him except upon tbe stand.
He soored tbe papers and said they
had done him an injustice in the
manner they had oonnected his name
with the defendant. The witness
bianohed out on a lengthy explana
tion of why he refused to keep bis
engagement with attorney Fairall.
Several telegrams purported to have
been sent by the accused to the de
ceased were introduced in evidence.
Witnesses from Sutter Creek and
Stockton identified tbe messages. One
of them was to McVicar and said,
"What is the matter. No mail."
F. W. Ely, manager of the John
Breuner Company, told of the trans
action between that company and tbe
defendant and A. N. McVicar regard
ing a bill of furniture amounting to
$121.65 which was purchased and or
dered shipped to Jamestown, but
which order was afterwards counter
manded.
Other witnesses were George A.
Atherton, Jennie Hoffman, Miss
Belle Quiuu, James Story, J. B.
Schonbotf, James H. Sharon, Jackson
Dennis and Harry Morris.
Of the proceedings Monday the San
Francisco Chronicle says:
The most important evidence was
that of Chemist R. R. Rodgers, who
testified that a man could live in tbe
trunk in evidence, hermetically seal
ed, for from twenty to thirty minutes;
indefinitely, except for food and
water, in the condition in which the
trunk was found.
Cross-examination brought out that
the witness had remained in the trunk
forty minutes this morning without
inconvenience, under similar con
ditions, with regard to clothing, as
had obtained in the case of MoVicar
Rodgers had taken his pulse and
respiration every three minutes, and
talked with the district attorney, and
enough light came in through the
cracks to permit him to read the
thermometer and tell the time.
Tbe defense opened its case with
out making the ordinary opening
statement to tbe jury. From tbe one
witness examined by the defense, it
was evident that an attempt will be
made to show that Mrs Le Doux was
in tbe habit of using morphine, and
that either McVicar became addicted
to its use through her suggestion, or
that, while despondent, be part c ok
voluntarily of tbe contents of a vial
found in tbe room, which he and the
defendant had occupied, or that,
while intoxicated, he took an over
dose by mistake, causing his own
death.
(Continued on second page. )
You cannot induce a lower animal
to eat heartily when not feeling well.
A sick dog starves himself, and gets
well. Tbe stomach once overworked,
must have rest tbe same as your feet
or eyes. You don't have to starve
to rest your stomach. Kodol for
dyspepsia takes up tbe work for your
stomach, digests what you eat and
gives it a rest. Puts it back in con-
dition again. You can't feel good
with a disordered stomach. Try
Kodol. Sold by F. W. Ruhser.
The children's friend —
%sJ^r^-~~^^ Drives out blood impurities. Makes strong nerves and muscles.
one Price. THE RED FRONT New f ■.
Goods
The Lowest jacksons Best
Price. CHEfIPEST DRY GOODS STORE *■«*
SHIRT WAIST SALE
All our ladies' shirt waists are placed on sale at
wholesale prices and some below. They are all brand
new; nothing of last year's styles. We want to close
them all out, so that when the summer season ends we
should have no "lefts over" for next year. We have
quite a variety on hand, all sizes, and if you want a
waist we are sure to fit you.
Our $|.25 Shirt Waists Our $2.25 Shirt Waists
- for 65c for $|.50.
White lawn with em- Nainsook, silk embroid-
broidery trimmings. ered, elbow sleeves.
Our $2 Shirts Waists ' Our $1-50 Shirt Waists
for $1.2 5 95c>
Best value we ever off-
India linen, beautifully ere d; good material, well
trimmed, elegant styles. fitting.
Bargains in White Bed Spreads
Our stock of white bed spreads is big, perhaps big-
ger than we ever carried before. Prices are low, per.
haps lower, than elsewhere in the state. A trial will
convince you.
A Spread worth $1.50, A Spread worth and sold
Our price elsewhere for $2.00,
$1.00 Our price $1.50
lace Curtains Excel- Ladies' and Children's
lent assortment.
Fast black guaranteed,
from 50c up At lowest prices.
UE.A.I3 THIS.
MOST LIBERAL OFFER
THE SAN FRANCISCO
EARTHQUAKE HORROR
MOTTNIT 'THIS BOOK, just from the? press, is '
MULJNI 1 one that you want. The columns
VESUVIUS' ■ printed describing- the destruction of
ERUPTIONS an Francisco and its surrounding cities
a tvttv mrr-p have not told half the story. Then the
AND THlii recent eruption of Mt. Vesuvius, dcs-
WORLD'S GREAT troying fair cities of Italy as it destoyed
TUQ'A err ifDQ Pompeii and Herculaneum in 79 A. D.,
UlbAbllLKb is fresh in every mind. . Recounting
GRAPHICALLY faithfully other events, the books is a
TOLD AND complete history of earthquahes,
RT7ATTTTFTTTTV volcanoes and other great disasters
BEAUTIr ULLY t - nat have brought sorrow and suffering
ILLUSTRATED to millions. This booby in beautiful
____ cloth binding, is illustrated from pho-
tographic views of San Francisco and surrounding towns, taken imme-
diately after the disaster, together with accurate views of Mt. Vesuvius
and its surroundings. In fact every every event described, is thus illus-
trated. The book contains 400 pages, printed on good paper from;new
type, and will be a valuable addition to any library. Through our close
arrangements with the most progressive of all weekly newspapers— THE
WEEKLY INTER OCEAN —we offer you a year's subscription to
the AMADOR LEDGER and the Weekly Inter Ocean and this book for
only $2 90. Order to-day. Books will be delivered from the Amador
Lodger office. If by mail 25c extra for postage must be added.
The subscription price of Ledger is $2.50
Retail price of book 1-50
Weekly Inter Ocean 100
Total $0.00
Wo furnish all for .......... :i..; — $2.90
This is a strictly cash in advance proposition, open to new and old sub-
scribers. Those in arrears can avail themselves of this offer by paying
all arrearage and the above sum in advance.
There is no need worrying along in
discomfort beoause of a disordered
digestion. Get a bottle of Kodol fcr
dyspepsia, and see what it will do for
you. Kodol not only digests what
you eat and gives that tired stomach
a needed rest, but is a corrective of
the greatest efficiency. Kodol re-
lieves indigestion, dyspepsia, palpita-
tion of the heart, flatulence, and sour
stomach. Kodol will make your
stomach young and bealtby again.
You will worry just iv the proportion
that your stomach worries you.
Worry means the loss of ability to
do your best. Worry is to be avoided
at all times. Kodol will take tbe
worry out ot your stomach. Sold by
F. W. Ruhser.
Ledger & Chicago Inter-Ocean, $2.50
Five Cents Per Copy.
LOSING
FLESH
In summer can bo prevented
by taking
Scott's Emulsion
Its as beneficial in summer as
in winter. If you are weak or
run down, it will build you up.
Send for free sample.
SCOTT & BOWSE, Chemists,
409-415 Pearl Street, New York.
50c. and $1.00; all druggists.
Pioneer Flour always has been aud
slill in fhe be: tTHE AMADOR LEDGER
Published Fridays by
R. WEBB - - - - Editor and Manager
SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One year (in advance $2 50
Oce year (if not in advance 3 00
Six months 1 25
Three months 75
Oue or more copies, each 5
il>egal advertising — persqr.-lst insertion. $1 00
Subsequent Insertions— per square-each. . 50
ENTERED AT THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS
SECOND-CLASS MATTER.
TIJTC D»DCI) is Uept on Hie at EC.
1 nlO rArCK DAKE'S Advertising
Ageucy, 124 Sansome St , San Francisco, Cali
foraU, where contracts for advertising can be
made for it
CITY OFFICIAL PAPER.
Official Paper of Amador co.
FRIDAY JUNE 22, 1906
Ledger 801 lof Honor.
The following sums have been received ou
Ledger subscription account since our last re
p>rt. This acknowledgmenl is equal to
a receipt for the amounts named If any per
sons have paid since the date stated whose
names do not appear on the list they will please
notify this office, so that due correction may be
made.
E S Pitois 52.00 E Kevern 85.00
\V H Vela - '2.50 Jas Harris - 2.50
Kosa Froelich 250 S Saguiuetti 2.50
J EBatcheldor 2.50 John Podesta 2.50
I l ' A Morrow 2.00 Mrs Crowgey 2.50
HE Kay - 2.50 X J Kiuehart- 2.50
J J Bastian - 5.15 ThosMarchant 2.oo
X N Whiting 1.50 W J Hyud - 2.50
Jfeter Brunold 2.50 EJ Diebold 1.25
W J J^ane - 250 H Bradfey - 2.50
M Leach - 1.50 Jos Datson - 2.00
J E Walton - 5.00 John Gubbins 2.00
Jas Gubbins - 0.25 GF M - 7.50
W McLaue - 2.50 Kate Arnese 2.50
JHoneychurcb2.so S G Spagnoli 2.50
H Grelich - 2.50 Jack Gianini 2.b0
W O Clark - 1.75 J D Meiss - 2.50
John Andrews 2.&0 W C Hoss - 2.50
J C Stewart 2.50 L Galli • 2.90
Chas Gillis -9.00 JohuToxopeus 3.15
The board of city trustees, at their
meeting held list week, directed that
that the proposition of the Amador X
Ij. and R. Co. to furnish 75 electric
lights at 81 per light per month be
accepted, and that a contract to that
effect be eutered into at once. The
term of the proposed contract is not
stated. ' We assume, however, that it
is to be for one year. This would
make the contract price 5900. And
this important piece of business was
transacted in the most off-hand fash
ion imaginable. The company direct
ly concerned simply sent in its figures
and the city corporation closed the
deal without further palaver. It is
to be hoped that this action is not to
be taken as a precedent for future
contracting of other needed work.
Can it be possible that the law is so
lame as to sanction such slipshod
methods. It may be that the price
named is as reasonable as could be
obtained anywhere and under any
circumstances. But that is neither
here nor there. The point is, does
this action conform to the municipal
law governing such cases? Is there
no lan covering such a transaction,
is it just and right to make a contract
without any previous publicity what
ever, and without giving opportunity
for competitive bids. There are two
lighting companies doing business in
Jackson— one gas and the other elec
tric The gas company is a purely
local affair, depending exclusively for
support upon the residents of the
city. The electric company is not
so strictly a local organization, and
draws its support from a much more
extensive territory and population.
The gas company's property is all sit
uated within the city limits, all sub
ject to municipal taxation and con
trol; only a small part of the electric
company's property is within the cor
poration limits. Why not give our
own home industry an equal chance
with the other in this matter?
We quote the following section
bearing upon the subject:
Sec. 871. Contracts for improve
ments.—ln the erection, improve
ment, and repair of all public build
ings and works, in all street and
sewer work, and in all work in or
about streams, bays, or water fronts,
or m or about embankments or other
works tor protection against overflow,
and m furnishing any supplies or
materials for the same, when the ex
penditure required for the same ex
ceeds the sum of one hundred dollars,
the same shall be done by contract,
and shall be let to the lowest re
sponsible bider, after due notice,
under such regulations as may be
prescribed by ordinance; provided,
that the Board of Trustees may reject
all bids presented and readvertise,
in their discretion.
If the republicans this year will
take opportunity by the hand, and
present a local ticket reasonably ac
ceptable to the voters, they stand a
good show to elect pretty much a
straight ticket. The citizen are
getting tried of the way matters have
been going. Where one party has
held the reigns of government for a
long period of years consecutively—
as the democrats have done in Ama
dor county— practices too often grow
up and take root which are detri
mental to public interests. We are
inclined to think that such is
the case in this county. Some of
these matters will unquestionably be
looked into or ventilated in the com
ing campaign. They have been dis
cussed in a small way, still the
people do not fully understand their
import, and how prejudicial to
good government. It is only at the
ballot box that combinations prompt
ed by self interest, as opposed to
public interest, can be smashed. The
people — unless we greatly mistake
our guess— are ju-st in the humor to
do this very thing this fall.
We publish in this issue on our
fourth page ordinance No. 21, passed
by the board of city trustees. It is
directed against several abuses, which
have prevailed here, and is worthy of
s-erious attention. It is one of the
most sensible and practical laws
which have so far eaianiated from the
city authorities. Some ot its pro
visions may seem a little hard in
general application; still the enforce
nient of the ordinance will be ot much
benefit to tho citizens generally.
Ayers
To be sure, you are growing
old. But why let everybody
see it, in your gray hair?
Keep your hair dark and rich
and postpone age. If you will
only use Ayer's Hair Vigor,
your gray hair will soon have
all the deep, rich color of
youth. Sold for 60 years.
» I am now over 60 years old. and I liavo
a thick, (.-lossy lieiul of long lintr which is a
■wonder to every one who sees it. And not a •
gray hair In it, all due to Ayer's flair Vigor.* 1
-. /; lies. 11. K. Hl'M'IS, Becida, Minn.
?1.00 a uottle." J. O. aver co..
All druggists f/-vr" —» ■lii"i"r'' l J«i i?il«?miii
Whit© Hair)
Table of Contents.
Contents ot our Magazine section
tor next week.
"iS'ellie Graut Sartoris. " Sketch
ot the lovely White liouse bride of
the days of General Grant.
"Ten acre farm bonnes. " Bill in
congress allowing government to
create small irrigated homesteads.
"Lingerie fashions." Discussions
of women's Jackets, by Martha Dean.
"The White Compauy. " Beginning
of the great iomantio story by Couan
Doyle.— A sequel to Irfir Nigel.—
Handsomely illustrated.
"Ordered by the government." A
romance of "Little Italy."
"To double cotton crop." Wonder
tul result of experiments by govern
ment agriculturists.— The farm cream
sepaiator.— Plowing by Co-operative
traction engines.
The insurance business ou this coast
is sadly in need of being regulated.
The San Francisco disaster has served
to bring the fact prominently to the
front, liut even without that solai
plexus blow, insurance matters were
iv a very unsatisfactory plight. With
earthquake clauses, and similar pro
visions, to beat the policy holder in
case ot loss, and the demoralization
of one-half tbe companies doing
business on this coast, tbe outlook
is far from encouraging. We are in
clined to think that tbe companies
might protect themselves far better,
without exemption clauses in tbe
policies, by uniting to secure judicial
inquiry into eveiy fire that occurs,
and barring every occupant or owner
from the privilege of insurance, who
emerges from tbe inquiry under a
cloud of suspicion; also, tbe out
ing of au ageDt who insures property
tor more than two thirds of its actual
value. Such a course would have a fai
more salutary effect from a protective
standpoint than earthquakes and
other exemptive clauses now being
inserted in policies.
Lemons, oranges, and bananas con
stantly on hand at, Nettle's Mkt.
SUPERIOR COURT.
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
Estate of b\ W. Knapp.— Fayette Y.
Kuapp appointed administrator;
notice to creditors ordered published.
Estate of A. J. Amick.— inventory
and appraisement riled appraising
estate at §5518.
Estate of L. J. Fontenrose. — Final
account settled; administratrix dis
charged.
Wilrord Ueunid vs. Matilda Dennis.
—Set, for trial August 7.
Estate of E. L. Rugne. — Hearing of
petition for letters continued until
June 23.
Estate of 1. N. Frisbee.— Hearing
ot petition for letters continued until
June 23.
Estate of Charles Smith. — Margaret
E. Smith appointed administratrix,
upon filing bond of 8800.
Estate of Emma Rilejv-Adminis
trator finally discharged.
Estate of H. F. Tucker.— Order of
distribution granted.
Estate of U. W. Trotter,— Hearing
on confirmation of sale of real estate
to W. F. Deteit, continued.
Estate of Mary A. Hall. — Confirma
tion of sale of real estate continued.
Guardianship of Amelia Tamburini.
— Daniel Isola, brother-in-law of said
Amelia Tamburini, aged 15, petitions
for letter ot guardianship. 'Ibere
is no estate. Petitioner appointed
guardian, aud bond of guardian tiled.
Declared their Intention. —Since
June 1, the tollowiug named aliens
have declared their intention to
become citizens. Chris C. Lijepara,
native of Austria; Venazio Gaviglio,
Antonio Frasac, Domenico liarberis,
Giacomo Isola, (Jiatanui Maria liiaggi
and Antonio Nessandosi, all natives
of Italy.
F. A. Voorheis, ot the National
hotel has just put in a 100 gallon
tank. It is placed on the roof of the
hotel, aud will supply hot water for
the use of guests and employes. Arata
& Garbariui did the work.
Furniture for Sale. -1 hereby offer
for sale all my household furniture,
consisting of parlor, dining room aud
kitchen articles. Will bo sold cheap,
on account ot leaving. Apply ou the
premises to Mrs Kreese, Pitt street,
Jackson.
On the Trail «i followed the
•■^^— —■"■———■ trail from Texas
mtilU -> 77/p/i Vi»mis to Montana with
luito a rtsh Brand a fish brand
r> » ct> r " Slicker, used for
Jromniei Slicker en overcoat when
"— — — — ™- — cold, a wind coat
when windy, a rain coat when it rained,
and for & cover at night if we got to bed,
and I will say that I have gotten more
comfort out of your slicker than any Other
one article that I ever owned."
(The name nnil iddmi of tin writer of this
unsolicited lotter lunv bo had on application.)
Wet Weather Garments for Riding, Walk-
ing, 'Working cr Sporting.
HIGHEST AWARD WORLD'S FAIR. 1904.
> . _„.,„„ „_ TheßlgnofthoHia
A. J. TOWER CO. rAVFDvk
BOSTOS, U.S.A. <\U«M»J
TOWER CANAL' 11^^/^ml
CO., Limited .- f 'mm ■ -
TOBOITTO, CANADA fJSU Mis»
«8»
T THE AMADOU LEDGER: JACKSON, " CALIFORNIA. FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 1906.
OOCUMENTS RECORDED.
! The [allowing instruments have been Hied
for record in the recorder's office since our last
report. We publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to accede to
any request to suppress any document from
these columns. Don't aslt us to do so.l
Deeds. — Ebwin T. Daweon to Vir
gilio I'odesta et al, 2"J acres in lone
Valley, SSJOO.
Lizzie J& Lee to trustees of M. tl.
church, lot 4 block 14, Plymouth,
S3OO.
Peter (Juirlani et ux to Paolo Mar
cucci, part of lot 3 block 3, Jackson,
§10.
Salvatore Luporiui et ux to Obren
Savcich, lot 17 block 4, of Hamilton
tract, Jackson, J7OO.
Mary D. Page— Watson et al to John
Vox, 8,48 acres near Jackson, 82.
Charles E. Putman et ux to Parrish,
IGO acres iv 15 and 22-7-11, 81.
(jeorge Petrinovich to Luis Querio,
part of lot 11 block 1, Amador City,
8150.
Satisfaction of Mortgages.— Societa
di Unione Benelieeuza ltaliana to
Giurlani et al.
Deacon to Carlyon.
Swiugle to Kreth.
Podesta to Dawson.
Mortgages.— Gustave Kreth to John
l (l iuk, 10 acres in 33-8-9, 8850 for four
yesrs at 7 per cent per annum.
Paolo Marcucci et ux to Societa di
Uuione lieueflcenza ltaliana, part of
lot 3 block 3, Jackson, 81,000 tor one
year at 8 per cent per annum.
Hills of Sale— Edward Mugtord et
ux to J. E. Wilson, the "Mugford
residence at Kennedy Flat," 8300.
Peter Uiurlani et ux to Paolo Mar
cucci, an undivided one-half interest
in hotel, bar room and dining room
furniture, with the stock of liquors,
wines, cigars and provisions, now in
liroadway hotel, Jackson, 810.
Power of Attorney. — Salvatore
Luporini et ux to Carlo Luporlni—
Special power of attorney.
Lien. — George M. .Barker vs. Mar
garet Folger et al— Against lot 22
block 8, Jackson; demand 548.33.
Bond. — Alfred Goidner as Justice
of the Peace with M. Newman and
Alexander Eudey as sureties, each in
the sum of 82,500.
Reconveyance Oscar Swingle et al
to Henry Kreth, 100 acres in 33-8-9,
81.
Lease. — Gustave Kreth to John
Fink, lease ol 160 acres in 33-8-9 for
four years at a rental of 559.50 per
annum.
Chattel Mortgages.— Giorgio And
reini et al to Giuseppe Quilici. — Bar
fixtures and household property in
Amador City, 8500 to be paid on or
before Dec. 16, 1906, in instalments
of SSO per month; rate of interest 10
per cent per annum.
Proof of Labor. — I. V. Goodman on
Goodman and Hund placer in Vol
cano district.
I. F. Goodman on Buckuell placer
in Volcano district.
Decree of Distribution— Estate of t
Theodore Combes; decree recorded.
Certificates of Redemption— P. Mar
cucci ou part of lot 16 block 2, Jack
son, taxes of 1900, 88.78.
Henry Weil on personal property in
Jackson, taxes of 1900, $12.84.
Precious Stones in Amador.
It is a matter of record that in
Amador ccunty has been found a
number of gems of excellent quality.
Herefore, however, the section that
has surrendered these precious stones
has been the eastern portion of the
county— Volcano and vicinity. Dia
monds of remarkable lustre and ot
much value were found there in early
days. Of late years, little has been
done iv this line, possibly from the
fact that the gravel rrining industry
has fallen off heavily, and hence the
chances of finding the gems have been
materially reduced.
Recently, however, Amador as a
possible diamond field, has been
brought prominently to the front and
in an entirely new and unsuspected
field.
A few days ago we were shown a
stone, cut, polished and finished,
taken from the new field. In size it
was equal to a cherry stone. No one
except an expert could detect any
difference between this gem and a
diamond of the first water from the
South African fields. The lustre and
tire were seemingly all that could be
desired. We were told its market
value was about 860. C. E. Jarvis ot
Sutter Creek was the owner of the
gem.
The place where this and other
gems have been found is on tbe line
of the lone and Eastern railroad. A
prominent resident of lone made a
number of trips to the pottery clay
banks, opened up ma small way some
two miles out of lone. It was some
time before the attractive influences
that called him that way so often
became known. It is not every one
that knows a diamond in the rough
when he sees it anyway. After secur
ing several likely looking stones, a
lapidary was consulted, and one or
more of the roughs were submitted
for treatment, with the result that
sparkling gems that would not dis
grace any tiara or coronet were pro
duced.
It is said that lull y 20 of these
samples have been found in the
neighborhood referred to. They
are found in the clay deposit.
i'he stone is hard enough to cut
glass. It is not claimed that they are
equal to (list class diamonds, but are
fully equal to what is known as the
Alaska diamonds. No systematic
effort has been made so tar to as
certain the value ot the clay beds as
diamond depositaries. It is not im
probable that an industry ot con
siderable value may be developed iv
this direction.
BORN.
DUb'KENE— Iv Jacksou, Juue
1906, to the wife of Elmer Dutene,
a sod.
MARRIED.
AKD^Er^lXwrnUßlNT^ln Jac£
sod, Juno '20, 1906, by Alfred Gold-
ner, J. P., Ueoge Audreiui to Miss
Amelia Tamburini, both of Arnador
City.
DUFKENE-AMIUK -In Stockton,
June 16, 1906, by Reuben Henry
Sink, August Dufrene and Clara A.
Amick, both of lone.
THE LEDOUX CASE.
Coutinued from page 1.
Attorney Fairall called as bis Hrsl
witness U. Ciarlinghouse of Madera.
lie said be knew Mrs Le Duiix, and
identified a newspaper cut, purport
ing to be a likeness of A. N. McVicar,
as that of a man he had seen with the
defendant at oue time.
The witness was asked if he knew
defendant in 1903, but district attor
ney Norton objected. Judge Nutter
inquired what it was intended to
prove by the witness. Fairall replied
that he expected to show that Mrs
Lie Dmix was the inmate of a bouse of
ill-fame in 1903, and that A. N. Mc-
Vicar had induced her to enter such
a place. It was ruled out.
Dr. H. N. Freiman of Suttor Creek
stated that he had treated the defend
ant for illness in July, 1905, and that
McVicar was there then. He had
given the deleudant two tablets con
taining a quarter of a grain of mor
phine each, and had instructed her
not to take them unless her pain
became unbearable, lie said sho had
introduced MoVicar to him as "Mr
McVicar." On cross-examiuaticu the
witness was asked if he had not stated
to the district attorney that the de
fendant introduced McVicar as, "Mr
McVicar, my husband." He said
that he had, but that later in think
ing over the matter he had come to
the conclusion that the defendant
used the words, "Mr McVicar," only.
Dr. E. Harbert as an expert, testifi
ed that it is sometimes very difficult
or impossible to tell by a postmortem
whether a contusion on a human
body was made slightly before or
shortly after death. Dr. Southworth,
the coroner, had stated that he located
the source of the hemorrhage in Mc-
Vicar's nose by inserting a small elec
tric light in the nostril of the deceas
ed. Dr. llurbeit stated that he had
tried several times by that method to
discover the source of nasal hemor
rhages and had failed.
Dr. Harbert stated that alcohol had
been discovered to be an antidote for
carbolic acid; that if carbolic acid
were slightly diluted by alcohol it
would not burn the mouth or mucous
membrane of the throat or stomach,
but would cause death. He said he
used carbolic acid, diluted by alcohol,
as an internal medicine nearly every
day. The witness testified that fluid
blood in a body settles in the lowest
places, and that it is governed by the
capillary attraction and gravitation.
Dr. George S. Harkness testifled
that if a man were thrown into a
trunk and his head bruised immedi
ately after death, it would be practi
cally impossible to determine by
postmortem examination whether ihe
contusion was made before or just
after death. He stated that black
and blue marks have been made by
blows upon a body as late as three
hours alter death. He stated that a
corpse would bleed if any vessel con
taining blood were opened, and that
if the body were turned upon its head
and there was a rupture of seme
blood vessel in the head a consider
able quantity of blood would flow
out.
Dr. Harkness stated that in his
opinion a chemical test of a portion
of the liver, pancreas and stomach
wuuld not be a fair basis for an
estimate of the amount of poison in
the entire body. He said that if the
portion of the liver to be analyzed
for poison were taken soon after
death, the bulk of the poison taken
into the body would probably be
found in the liver. He said the ropy,
dark mucous matter found in Mc-
Vicar's stomach, as testifled to by
chemist Kogers, indicated that some
irritant had been taken into the
stomach. He said cyanide poison
might cause such a mucous; the
cyanide odor was not always present
after death in cyanide poisoning.
Mrs LeDoux'a mother, Mrs Head,
who hns sat faithfully and lovingly
beside her daughter overy hour ot
the loug trial, fainted Wednesday
morning while Dr. Harkness was
testifying. The defendant uttered a
cry of anguish and terror and stooped
beside the prostrated form of her
mother. Mrs Head was carried to
the air and Mrs LieDoux sobbed for a
few moments. Her attorneys were
forced to apply smelling salts before
they could get their client in such a
condition that the trial could pro
ceed.
Tbe defense concluded not to place
the accused on the stand, to tbe great
disappointment of the spectators,
who crowded the court room on Wed
nesday, to hear the testimony from
her. Besides the expert witnesses,
the only witness for defendant was
Mrs Head, mother of the defendant,
and her testimony was of no great
import.
She said that for the past tour or
five years her daughter had used
morphine to soothe and sustain a
depressed spirit. McVicar came to
her at one time and asked that she
use her influence in having Emma
come back to him and that he would
marry her and "treat Ler right."
About tbe time of this conversation
the defendant was ill and was not
expected to live. Another point was
that when Mrs Le Doux lett home on
March 10th she had in hor posssesion
some 570 or 680. The lirst attempt of
the prosecution was to break down
the testimony of the witness regard
ing the reference made by her to a
conversation which she quoted which
stated that McVicar had been di
vorced from the defendant. A type-i
written statement was shown of a con
versation had with the district attor
ney at another time. Strenuous
objections by attorney Fairall brought
a ruling from the court which direct
ed the district attorney to conflne
himself to the portion of the state
Xi mm I digests, what you eat
111 I& H ; DIGESTS WHAT YOU EAT
feS JM I Relieves Indigestion, Sour Stomach, Belching of Gas. Etc.
Jjßr Nsi^M^Sl I «fl SSW HiEPARED ONLY AT THE LABORATORY OF
W^ Xgl^ll NQgF JH E. C. DeWITT & COMPANY. CHICAGO, ILL.
nient regarding what ehe had said
relative to McVicar.
It developed upon cross-examination
that Mrs LeDoux had always used
morphine, whether well or indispos
ed, and that tbe last time she took
tho drug was when her mother
brought it to hei at the jail shortly
after her arrest. The witness said at
the time of the visit ot the district
attorney and the taking of tho state
ment sho was worried and distressed
over impending trouble and that
since then she had naturally recalled
many things not clear to her then.
The argument commenced Wednes
day, deputy district attorneyMcNoble
mailing the opening argument for the
prosecution, followed Thursday by
C. H. Crocker and C. Fairall of the
defense, district attorney Norton
I expects to close to-day, aud the case
will likely be submitted to the jury
either this evening or to-morrow
morning.
A. HISTORIC JOURNEY
CAESAR RODNEY'S GREAT HORSE-
BACK RIDE IN 1776.
Uoiv the Declaration of Independ
ence Was Saved by a Vote In tbe
Session of the Provisional Congre.ii
In Philadelphia.
It happened ou that famous Fourth
«>f July, 1770, the day on which the
American colonies were declared free
ami independent states. If Caesar Rod
aey hiul not made his historic ride there
might not have been any free America
today.
The provisional congress was in ses
sion at Philadelphia, each of the thir
teen colonies having representatives
there. It was a great congress, and a
momentous question was before the
distinguished body. The great charter
of our freedom had been written by
Jefferson, and Benjamin Harrison, fa
ther and great-grandfather of presi
dents, had presented it to congress on
Monday, July 1. What would the Con
tinental congress do?
In order that our country should be
free and independent the declaration
must be adopted. This could be done if
»uly the colonies were divided, and
there were some good men who did not
believe it best to take this step at this
time. Four of the seven delegates of
Peuuslyvania were opposed to it, and,
of the two Delaware delegates present,
Thomas McKeau was in favor of inde
pendence, but George Read was op
posed to the measure. Caesar Rodney,
the other member, was iv the southern
part of his state iv the capacity of a
brigadier general, organizing and drill-
Ing troops for the coming struggle,
Two of the opposing Pennsylvania
delegates were persuaded to absent
themselves, and thus the Keystone
State would favor the declaration, but
the vote of Caesar Rodney was neces
sary to carry the state of Delaware.
A. messenger was dispatched in hot
haste to summon him to Philadelphia,
and then for four days the "patriots
of '70" talked and maneuvered to de
lay the final vote. • Ou Thursday, July
4, congress was to vote on the mo
mentous question.
On the afternoon of the 3d the
messenger found Caesar Rodney in
Sussex county, more than eighty miles
from Philadelphia. General Rodney
was at that time forty-six years old,
with a tall, lean, worn figure, his face
scarred by a cancer that was finally
to cause his death. The brave patriot
did not hesitate. "Saddle the black!"
he commanded, and in ten minutes he
had mouuted his faithful steed and
was galloping as if for life to tho
northward.
Eighty miles away from congress,
which was waiting for him to declare
the independence of the colonies. The
thought caused him to drive his spurs
deep into his horse's flanks and sent
him flying along the long, dusty high
way that stretched away toward the
Quaker City. It was one of the great
rides of history. That black steed
bore tbe destinies of America, and his
rider knew It, and there was neither
halt nor delay.
The sun went down, and the stars
came out one by one in the blue vault
of heaven, and that solitary rider rush
ed on his way. All through the cool
summer night Caesar Rodney kept up
his reckless pace.
The stars faded out of the morning
sky, and the sun came up red and fiery,
the herald of a sultry day. And still
Caesar Rodney kept on his way. He
was yet many miles from Philadelphia.
His horse was jaded, and he was travel
worn and covered with dust, but the
patriot did not slacken his rein. He
must be there to vote for the Independ
ence of America. And he was there.
All that hot, sweltering July day the
delegates of the colonial congress were
talking and voting in Independence
hall. The session had begun. The pres
ident, John Hancock, was in the chair,
and the clerk, John Dickinson, was
calling the colonies one by one. Vir
ginia had voted and Massachusetts and
the great state of New York and the
little state of Rhode Island, and now
New Jersey was voting, and Caesar
Rodney had not come.
Anxious and worried, Thomas 31c-
Kean went out to the door of Inde
pendence hall. Would his friend and
compatriot be too late? His face
brightened as he heard the sound of
hurrying hoof beats coining up Chest
nut street. A foaming, panting steed
dashed into the yard. Its dusty rider
leaped to the ground. Booted and spur
red and the dust of his long ride thick
on his long flapped coat and Iron gray
hair, Caesar Rodney entered the hall of
congress leaning on his friend Mc-
Kean's arm.
He was just in time. The vote of
Delaware was being called. George
Head voted "Xay." "Aye!" called the
clear voice of Thomas McKean. It was
a tie. All eyes turned to Caesar Uod
ney. The famous rider cleared his
throat, and many a patriot heart beat
with pride as he declared in firm tone:
"The voice of my constituents and of
all sensible and honest men, I believe,
is in favor of independence, and my
own judgment concurs with them;
therefore I vote for the Declaration."
And so Caesar Rodney by his famous
ride and by his noble vote helped to
settle the question of Independence and
Insured the future celebrations of the
Fourth of July.
Entertainment
Will be given by .
Miss RIGHTER, Elocutionist
Of Livormore in
Love's Hall, Jackson,
On Friday Evening, June 29, 06
PROGRAM.
Mvs «c -. --. Selected.
Pantomime - - Rock or Ages.
Trombone solo
Victory for a dentist
The Dandy Fifth
Music - ■•-:;- - Selected.
Molly
Order for a picture
Vocal solo - - - Selected.
Poses and living pictures.
Doors opened 7:30 entertainment
at 8 p. m. -
Social dance after entertainment.
OASTORIA.
Bears the a The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature . V/Tt/7~7^^~
C E, RICHARDS
Of Sutler Creek, hereby announces himself
as a candidate for
COUNTY CLERK AND AUDITOR
Subject to the action of the Republican
County Convention.
GEO. C. JENNINGS.
Of Dry town, hereby declares himself a can-
didate for
COUNTY RECORDER . [i\ ■
Subject to the decision ef the Republican
'\\'\ County Convention.
W. E. PROCTOR
Hereby announces himself a Candidate for
■ " SHERIFF
Of Amador county, subject to the decision of
the Republican County Convention.
WM. G. SNYDER
Announces himself as Candidate for
DISTRICT ATTORNEY
Of Amador county, subject to the decision
fo the Republican local Convention.
Sealed Proposals
PURSUANT to law 'and to the resolution of
■*• the Board of Trustees of the Citj of Jackson
adopted June 14, 1906. the undersigned will re-
ceive bids at his o.licein Marelia Buildingon
Court Street, until 7:30 o'clock P.M., June 28,
1906. fordoing the following work, to wit ■■Driv-
ing City Sprinkling Wagon during the coming
Summer ana Fall, contractor to furnish four-
horse team and driver, work to be prosecuted
seven days per week and ten hours a day. Right
reserved to reject any and all bids.
;■•■■: v L- J. GLAVINOVICH,
City Clerk.
Notice to City Taxpayers.
:.:.;.:-
■JUJOTICE is hereby given that I will be in my
■*-' office in the Marelia Building, on Court
street, in the City of Jackson. Amador county
California, on and after Monday, June 25, 1908.
between the hours of 10 a. m. land 5 p. m . for
the purpose of receiving from|property holders
statements of property for assessment Spur-
poses for the current year. I will be there daily,
except Sundays, between said hours, up to and
including Monday, July 9, 1906.
L. J. GLAVINOVICH,
City Clerk and ex-offlcio Assessor of the City
of Jackson.
Dated Jackson, June 22, 1906.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••A
: A. BASSO 5
• Dealer In q
•HARNESS.!
• Single Buggy Harness •
• and Team Harness •
• All work hand sewed. •
• Repairing of all kinds done. *
• ' Main street, Jackson. *
••••••••• »••••••• >«••»«»«•
/ VANDERPOOL \
111 1 HARNESS MAKER I
Jf Plymouth, Cal. W
l\ Can Make or Repair your /i
h\ 1 1 ARN F<\<\ in an up-to-date work- M
(ill lm KncOO manlike manner. M\
|>Li He carries all kind of Harness and iff/
m supplies in the line. Also, ■
■ Buggies, Carriages & Carts 1
\ Carriage Trimming a specialty. ja22 /
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO., CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable. jnel
BEST FOR THE
BOWELS
If you haven't a regular, healthy movement of the I
bowels every day, you're ill or will be. Keep your I
bowels open, and be well. Force, in the shape of I
violent physic or pill poison, is dangerous. The
smoothest, easiest, most perfect way of keeping
the bowels clear and clean is to tako
EAT 'EM LIKE CANDY %
Pleasant, Palatable. Potent, Taste Good, Do
Good, Never Sicken. Weaken or Gripe; 10, 25 and
50 cents per box. Write for free sample, and book-
let on health. Address 433 j
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York.
KEEP YOUR BLOnD GLEAN
UP-TO-DATE BUSINESS MEN.
■ ■ ■ B SlE!@Biia@s^|
■ Cassinelli Grocery House ■
■ MAIN STREET, JACKSON, I
m. — a
For the coming week we will have
■ |
fl Strawberries, Cherries * m
■ Fresh Tomatoes ■
_ Fresh String Beans '
■ Fresh Peas B
■ Together with a full line of GROCERIES, 1
■■■HBBH ga S M ■ M
IGINOCCHIO BRO'S.|
g| -~v~v~v. ,^ DEALERS IN -*- jgg/
I General Merchandise!
|i I® Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, Eg
H' <||§| Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining it
g| /■TV. Supplies, v Lumber, Hardware, Hay, M
|U Grain, etc., etc. '
H Corner Main and Water St. k
| JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA 1
J^ mccall Tl/M • •1 :
j b™.™™ L J. Glavmovieh j
• LEADING GROCERY STORE •
• L^PiS Groceries, Dry Goods, •
5 d Furnishing Goods, Boots, -^ •
* a Shoes, Toilet Articles, . •
2 E ■$• Hardware, Miners' Sup- •
Si plies, Hay, Grain, Etc. •
• _N g
S - Cor. Main & Court Streets *
• JACKSON, - - illiSiSi!
I JACKSON, - - CAL. Ba , aarPailern \
"'•••••••••••••••••e««»«o*o*e«e*f>««g»Boaeo«»o**a«««o
♦ »M>00M»««0»0»00»»»»«»««^«»»»<>»«»++^»»++++«+ <> ++++
J| FINE ASSORTMENT OF — TEA AND COFFEE Jj
CENTRAL GROCERY HOUSE!
j > C. E. Olver & Wm. J. Nettle, jr., Proprietors. I !
J j Full Line of — « >
j; Fresh Groceries, Fruits, Vegetables. \'.
; ; Fresh Fish every Thursday and Friday. |;
f North /Wain Street — Jackson, Cal. jj
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this head, not exceed-
ing 5 lines, will be inserted at 50c per month, or
5 cents per line for less than one month.
ALL kinds of Blanks for U. S. Land Filings—
■"• Homestead, Timber and Mineral blanks-
may be had at the Ledger office; also deeds
mortgages, mining locations, proof of labor
and other legal blanks kept for sale
Furnished Rooms to let: inquire at
Ledger office.
■ ,
For Rent— Webb hall, suitable for
lodges or small entertainments, by
the day, week or month. Inquire at
Ledger office.
Receipt books, location blanks, deeds
mortgages, promissory notes, etc.,
for sale; also mining signals on
cloth, graduation diplomas, at the
Ledger offce.
.bor Sale Cheap.— One "Reliable"
Gas Range tour burners, baking and
broiling oven. Also one Uas Water
Heater. Inquire Mrs R. Crowell,
Sutter Creek. m 18-1 m.
FOR SALE.— One good milk cow,
and calf, one week old. For terms,
etc., apply to A. Rechinello, Pine
Grove, or to V. Uivannoni, Jackson,
my 11 1 di.
We make a specialty of printing all
j kinds of notes, receipts, checks, etc.
I Send your orders to the Ledger.
Three Persons Cured
WITH ONE BOTTLE
Mr. W. E. Arthur. Arthur City. Texas, says: "A
renter who had chronic chills, and his two chil-
dren who were laid up with chills for three
months, were cured with one of " 3 Day"
Malaria Cure." All are stcunlnd well and no
more chills." A California liquid remedy, made
drop by drop from harmless herbs. Never fails.
7 B cents. Francis S.Ott, Sacramento, Cal.
P. W RTJHSER, .Agent.
ZLTOTICIE
To Taxpayers.
Office of the Tax Collector
County of Amailor, Stale of California.
KOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN TO THE
JJN taxpayers of Amador county, that I. T. K.
NORMAN, Tax Collector of Amador county,
did on the lOth day of October, 1905. receive
from the County Auditor of Amador county the
original assessment books for the year 1905,
containing a list of the persons assessed for
real and personal property, and the- amount of
State and County taxes due thereon for said
year,
That said taxes are now due and payable to
me at my office in the Court House, in the town
of Jackson, county of Amador, State of Cali-
fornia. " '
That the taxes on all personal property se-
cured by real property, and one half of the
taxes on all real property were due and payable
on the second Monday in October, 1905. and will
be delinquent on the last Monday in November
next thereafter, at 6 o'clock p. m.. and that un-
less paid prior thereto, fifteen per cent will be
added to the amount thereof, and if said one-
half be not paid before the last Monday in -
April next, at 6 o'clock p. m. an additional five
per cent will added thereto.
That the remaining one-half of the taxes on
all real property will be payable on and after
the first Monday in January next, and will bo
delinquent on the last Monday in April next
thereafter, at 6 o'clock p. m., and that unless
paid prior thereto, five per cent will be added
to the amount thereof.
That all taxes may be paid at the time the
first instalment, as herein provided is due and
payable.
First instalment, one half real estate and all
personal property. due October 10th, 1905.
First instalment, one half real estate and all ;
personal property, delinquent November 27th,
1805. at 6 o'clock p. m. . •
Second instalment, one-half real estate, due
January 4th, ISO 6.
Second instalment, one half real estate, de-
linquent April 26th. 1906, at 6 o'clock p. m.
All the taxes may be paid in full at the time
the first Installment is due.
Taxes not paid according to law will be de-
linquent, and 15 per cent and 5 per cent and
other costs will tie added thereto.
Positively no Checks received for the pay-
ment of taxes. '
T. K. NORMAN,
ocl3 Tax Collector of Amador County.
. ;
ANDREW PICCARDO
Freighter and Teamster
Jackson Gate Road.
Freight hauled from Martell depot
and other points at lowest rates.
All parties wanting freight from
MarteH delivered promptly should
have the same addrossed in care of
A. Piccardo, and send bills of lading
care Peter Piccardo, "Water St.
cnl 1It Stops
Toothache
Ruhser's Toothache Drops
cure toothache from any
cause. Put it on cotton in de-
cayed teeth.
It penetrates quickly to the
seat of the pain and stops it.
Price 25c.
CITY PHARMACY.
F. W. RUHSER,
Jackson, Cal,
TEMPERATURE AND RAINFALL
This table gives the highest and lowest tem
perature in Jackson for each day, together with
the rainfall, as recorded by self-registering in
struments kept at the Ledger office:
! Ltd il I IS
llTempiI ITempi 5. 1 : !Temp: £.
D Date. i 1b j| Date. ! ! "
; ;L.:H.i 2|i j L [H.| 3
J June 1(06).. 50; 78.... June 17 106).! «• 90:~
2 ! 50: 0.06 ! 18 1 55: 94:....
3 ...... 61 680.20:! 19 i 60 : 93:....
4 ; 55: 67:0.41ij 20 1 56! 92! ....
5 !53 70....:; 21 ....! 54! 90; .
6 ; 43: 76:.... M 22 ! 53; .A....
7 ! 42! 77!....;; 23 1 .. ..:....
8 : 42! 78. ...::' 24 ....I T.\ ...'
9 ! 57: ....I 25 ....! ..: ..!
1 0 1 82:....! 26 : ..I .A....
1 1 !51 80!....! ..27 ! ..! ..!....
1 2 :45 78! ! ; 28 .. ! ..! ..!....
1 3 ; 47: 79: |j 29 \ ...: ..!.. .
1 4 ! 46: 78!....!; SO I ..j ......
151 5 ; 49: 78! !j 31 ': ! ..!
161 6 i 49: 84! 1! i I
Total rainfall for season to date. . .34 99 inches
To corresponding period last season 33.31 "
LOCAL NEWS
Theresa Mori left Wednesday for a
visit to Stockton.
J. F. Wilson. Dentist. Hours 9a.
no. to 5 p. m. Phone— OtHce, black
441: residence, Black 523; Jackson.
Dr. A. M. Gall was called to Stock
ton Tuesday, on receipt ot a message
announcing the serious illness of bis
sister.
When you wish the finest flavored
coffees and teas, remember that W. J.
Nettle keeps only the best.
Miss Hazel Hammack, who taught
the New York Ranch school last term,
left Saturday for Stockton, to spend
tbe vacation.
H. E. Kay, deputy sheriff, left
Tuesday morning for Stockton, sum
moned as a witness for the people in
the tiial of Emma Ledoux
Miss Jessie Hicks came up from
Alameda last week to spend a visit
with friends in Jackson. She is the
guest of Mr and Mrs F. Cofer.
Ice cream at P. Cuneo's to-morrow,
and every day thereafter.
Dr. J. F. Wilson, the dentist, left
Saturday morning, accompanied by
his wife, bound for Ben Lomond,
Santa Cruz county. They expect to
remain there from a month to six
weeks, believing that the change will
bo ot a great benefit in accelerating
the doctor's restoration to health.
On his return he expects to resume
his dentistry practice in this city.
All kinds of harness from $15 up at
Pete Piccardo's.
F. A. Duden, Fred Eudey, Miss
Margaret Stasal and others left Mon
day morning for Stockton, Leing
summoned as witnesses for the pro
secution on tbe trial of Mrs Ledoux.
There were about 20 witnesses from
Jackson and neighborhood, only one
or two for tbe defense.
Joe Jones, the well known Chinese
cook, has sold out bis interest in tbe
Louvre restaurant, and left for other
fields. It is said be intends to locate
at Los Gatos. His successors are
fellow countrymen. Joe formerly was
chief of the menu department in Gov.
Budd's home, and his ability in his
profession is beyond dispute.
A. W. Kerr and his daugther Mrs E.
Sands of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
after a couple of months' visit in
Jackson, the guests ot D. B. Spagnoli
and family, left last Monday en route
for home. They remained over at
Elk Grove, Sacramento county, to
attend the golden wedding ot Col
McConnell and wife ot that town,
and thereafter started for their home
in Pennsylvania. On her arrival in
Pittsburg. |Mrj Sands, with her hus
band, Dr. Sands, will start on a tour
to tbe Holy Laud, with a select party
that bad already been organized be
fore Mrs Sands left on her California
visit.
At the meeting Ursula Parlor N. D.
G. W., held Tuesday June 12, the
following officers were elected: Past
president, Catheiine M. Garbarini:
president, Annie Perovich; Ist. vice,
Flora Gilbert; 2nd. vice, Lena Bur
gin; 3rd. vice Kate Driscoll; recorder,
Emma Boarmau: financier, Lena
Podesta; insiae sentinel, Mary
Morrow; outside sentinel, Mary
Doyle; trustees Margaret Kirkwood,
Annie Jackson, Ella Caminetti;
organist, Rose Podesta.
Charley Clark on Sunday night fell
into the deep trench that bad been
excavated on Main street for the re
ception of the sewer pipe. At the
point were be fell it was about four
feet deep. There was ample light to
see the hole in the ground, but in
trying to step across be miscalculated
and stepped in. He escaped without
injury, other than a severe shaking
up, and a few slight bruises.
Get the weak spots in your old nar
uess patched at Pete Piccardo's.
In spite of alleged dull times the
business of the Sutter Creek post
office has shown a gratifying increase,
so that the postmaster's salary has
been raised from 81200 to 81300.
Theresa Muldoon of the lone parlor
of Native Daughters, was elected a
grand trustee by the grand parlor,
which convened in Salinas last week.
Information wanted as to the
whereabouts of any relatives ot Samuel
Morrison, who left Londonderry
Ireland, 45 years ago, and settled in
tbe west. He is supposed to have met
bis death in a New York hospital
about 3}£ years ago. Any relative or
friend please write his brother John
Morrison, 271 High street, Elgin,
Scotland. je 22-4t.
John A. Brown was discharged from
tbe county hospital last Monday.
His recovery was very rapid when
medical care was taken ot bis injuries.
Erysipelas had set in, and his bead
was swollen to alarming proportions
when received. He left here for
Sutter Creek, to spend a few days,
after which be will go to Sacramento,
where his family has been living for
some time.
John Hill, who has been working
at the Kennedy mine for some time,
left Tuesday morning, with bis wife,
bound tor Grass Valley in Nevada
county, where they intend to make
their home. Mr Hill's folks are resi
dents of that place.
Amber Meek, who fell from a root
at the Taylor residence a few days
ago, is able to get around, but not
able to return to work. He fell
fifteen feet, caused by tbe "jack"
slipping. He injured bis hip, and
lost two teeth by his contact with
terra firna.
A miner named M. Dumicicb was
struck by a falling rock in tbe Zeila
mine last Monday, cutting an ugly
gash in his right thumb.
N. balletin, who is stopping at tbe
residence of Paul Veramente on Pitt
street, is suffering from typhoid fever
— the only case of contagious disease
in tbe city at present.
Chris Meisa has purchased the
dwelling house of Tom Peek on Peek
bill. Mrs Williams, who was living
tberin, moved out Wedensday to a
bouse on the Hamilton tract belong
ing to C. Marelia.
Fred Datson has moved from the
Hartman dwelling house on Stump
street to rooms in the fiutterfield
residence on Broadway, just vacated
by O. E. Reichling.
F. A. Morrow and family, accord
ing to letters received by their
friends, have decided to make their
future home in tbe thriving city of
Petaluma. From Jackson they went
direct to that city, and at once
resolved to stay there, so pleased
were they with tbe people, tbe town
and its future prospects.
Services will be held next Sunday
in St. Augustine's church at 7 :45 p.
m. All are cordially invited.
Walter Taylor and wife returned
home Wednesday evening from their
tiridai tour to the southern part of
tbe state. They will make their
home in tbe upper story of the new
Taylor mansion at tbe corner of Pitt
and Stump street, which has been
fitted and furnished with every con
venience for their reception. On the
evening of their home coming, the
Jackson choir greeted them with a
serenade, and were royally welcomed
by the newly married couple and
their friends.
Rev. C. E. Winning, will not be
home until after Sunday, and there
will be no morning services at the
Methodist church next Sabbath, but
Rev. W. P. Grant of Lodi, will preach
in the evening. Rev. Grant is a
pleasing speaker and all are urged to
hear him.
Rev. E. D. McCreary D. D., will bo
in Jackson on Thursday evening of
next week, to hold tbe last quarterly
conference of this church year. The
officers of the church will present
their annuai reports, and tbe matter
of pastoral supply tor next year will
probably be considered. Tbe import
ance of this meeting is such that all
tbe officers should be present.
Mrs Inga Biigbt left yesterday
morning for Oakland, for the purpose
of making her home in that city.
Her husband, Herbert Blight, is in
tbe railroad rostal service, end his
route has recently been changed with
bead-quarters in Oakland; hence tbe
change of residence.
The laying of the sewer pipe along
Main street progresses slowly. The
work has been completed to a point
crossing Main street in front of tbe
National hotel. The trench is dug to
the front of Langhorst's. At the
deepest point the pipe is eight feet
below the surface. During Wednes
day night the east bank of tbe trench
in front of the Kay building caved in
for a distance of ten or twelve feet,
nearly filling the ditch. It will take
fully a days' labor to clean out the
debris so as to permit laying the
pipe. At the late of progress so far
made, another two weeks will be
consumed in finishing tbe work.
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
Itching, blind, bleeding, protruding
piles. Druggists are authorized to
refund money if Pazo Ointment fails
to cure in 6 to 14 days. 50c.
THE AMADOR LEDGER: JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 1906.
Electric Plant Dismantled,
The electric piaut built some ten or
twelve years ago by 13. E. Letaug, to
supply :ight and power in Jackson is
being dismantled and torn down.
The power house was located on
Jackson creek about a mile below
town, with a pole line running to the
Jackson brewery. It was intended to
run by water power from the natural
flow iv the creek, under a pressure of
fifty feet. It was inadequate to
supply the requisite power for the ice
plant, and has been in disuse for a
number of years. Trespassers and
mischievous boys have interfered
with and damaged the machiuery.
Some person fired a shot into some of
the delicate mechanism. The owner
therefore concluded to take it all
donu. Geo. Barker took the machin
ery down last week, and this week
the wire was removed from the poles.
The poles are left, not being worth
taking down.
List of Grammar School Graduates.
The examination of applicants for
graduation of grammar school pupils
was completed last week. Examina
tions were held in each township in
the county, and almost every school
district bad one or more candidates
tor graduation. Ail told there were
81 examined. Jackson came to the
front with a class of 20, one-fourth
ot the total in the county. The most
noteworthy fact is that every one
passed the examination, the average
percentage ot credits being 90, out of
a possible 100. In some districts over
50 per cent of the applicants failed.
The pupils receiving the highest
number of credits in the county was
Blanche Nichols of Middle Fork dis
tiict, with 98}£. Lewis. A. Liove ot
Jackson, stood highest of the boys
examined, with 0(i 34.3 4 . The successful
pupils in the respective districts
were as follows:
Aetna.— Mayme A. Quirolo, Johu
H. Lieonesio, Chester S. Holtz, Frank
W. Hrown, hlarl Vela.
Franklin.— M. Hazel Guodman,
Rose 13. Bonneau.
Amador City. -Elsie L. Curran,
Ethel Liddicoat, Gladys I. Nooe,
Clarence J. Gattcn, Land on C. Kauff
man, Thos H. Richards, Fern Martin,
H. liernice Taylor, Katherine Kerr.
Jaokson.— Milton C. Gordon, Louise
!•'. Cassinelli, Mabel M. Williams.
C. Luella Mounter, Ernest D. Para
rnino, Harriet M. Flagg, Geo. W.
Keffer, California M. Seymour, M.
Hilda Hammack, Arthur Parker,
Leonard K. Heiser, Luella Roberts,
Hazel M. Quirolo, Lewis A. Love,
Harrold M. LeMoin, Almira M.
Guerra, Roma V. Spagnoli, Bertha T.
Eudey, Lester A. Daugherty, Loriug
E. Kent.
Plymouth.— Lizzie M. Burke, Ethel
C. Potter.
Oleta.— Ray Cooper, Grover C.
Deaver, May Darling.
Drytown.— Alpha J. Carley, Thos
Marchand.
Forest Home.— Mabel MacFarland.
Slate Creek.— Addie A. White.
Spring Valley.— Jabez Ninnis.
Quartz Mt.— John M.J Didiema,
Samuel Isaminger.
Sutter Creek. — Celia Kempthorn,
Rose Monteverde, Ruby Wearne, Pearl
G. Tanner, Gertrude Gray, Emma
Walkmeister, Gertrude B. Gorman,
Evelyn T. Shepler, Walter M. Case.
lone.— lngebord Adams, M. Frances
Uooley, Bessie F. Scott, Clara M.
Grover, Geo. L. Gordon, Percy
Stewart.
Mt. Echo.— Jos. Gebbardt, Lawrence
Walker, Lauren Walker.
Buena Vista.— Guy R. Nichols,
Evart Gritton.
Carbondaie.— Edwin F. Smith.
Jackson Valley.— A. Ross Altord.
New York Ranch.— Edmund W.
Andrews.
Oneida. — Gertrude M. Thompson,
Teresa E. Spinetti.
Middle Eork.— Mary C. Bacigalupi,
Blanche Nichols.
New Citizens.
Tbe following named persons have
been made citizens in the superior
court since the first of June:
Abraham B. Goldenberg, a native
of Roumania, on the testimony ot
Henry Weil and Joseph Andrewartha.
Pasquale Menchini, a native of
Italy, on the testimony of Wm. Tarn
and Domenic Sargentioi.
You are cordially invited by the
class of '06 to attend tbe commence
ment exercises of tbe lone Union
High School, Friday evening, June
22, 190 G. The exorcises will be held
in the pavilion at lone. Free seats
can be reserved at the Model Drug
Store, on the 21st and 22d. Class.
Unclaimed Letters.
In Jackson post office June 22, 1900.
Mrs Gilio Azrelio, Curadi Giovanni,
Robert Coan (2), L. Costa, Miss S.
Chavoya, Frank Burgis, Giuseppe
Cushi. Pearl Dunn. F. L. Msher, D.
Terrero, Row Fancher, Alice Grider,
F. Emma Gorilez, C. A. Hoffman,
Vaso Kecovicb, Dr. Lippincott, Javo
Mozdina, P. Moacri, Michele Mon
dante, Eugenio Nomellini, G. New
man, Milan Najerica (2), H. A.
Rademann, Annie Spencer (2), Jovan
Vujovicn (2), Mrs M. Vrosby,
Gaviglio Vonanzio, Jos Wallison, E.
Banti.
CITY TRUSTEES.
Board met June 21; all memlors
present.
Last minutes approved as read.
Trustee Kent and Tarn were author
ized to find a suitable place for a
curfew, and report at ne.\t meeting.
The city marshal was instructed to
ascertain bow many garbage cans
would be required to be placed on
Main street; also as to tbeii coat and
what expense would be to remove said
garbage, and report at next meeting.
Adjourned till June 28.
Has Stood the Test 25 Years.
iho old, original Grove's Tasteless
Chill Tonic. You kuow what you aro
takiug. It is iron and quiuine in a
tasteless torm. No cure no pay. 50c.
DeWitt's m Salve
For Piles, Burns, Sores.
ITALIAN PICNIC.
A Big Turn-out at Fullen's Grove
in Commemoration of Italian Inde
pendence.
The annual picnic of the Italian
Benevolent Society, which was first
announced to take place on the 3d
instant, but on account of the un
favorable weather that day, was post
poned for two weeks, or until the
17th — came off last Sunday, according
to revised schedule. The day proved
an ideal one for such an event. The
rain of a few days before had laid the
dust, and the sun came out bright
and strong on the day selected,—
exactly the thing for business as well
as pleasure. The picinc was well
attended. Perhaps the crowd was
not as large as on some former oc
casions; but withal from every stand
point it was very satisfactory.
The society marched out to the
grounds from Sutter Cieek about 8
o'clock, accompained by the Amador
City band, which furnished music
for the entire day. The literary
exeroises were held on the large plat
form. C. P. Vioini was orator of the
day in the English language, and P.
Peccario delivered the oration in
Italian.
In the afternoon the amusements
furnished consisted of dancing on the
large platform, 100 x 78 feet— which
was kept going from the quitting of
the literary exercises until 2 o'clock
in the morning. In addition to this
pastime there was a base ball game
for a prize of 975 between a pinked
nine from Jackson and a team from
Lockford, San Joaquin county. Jack
sou proved victorious with the follow
ing score :
Jackson. ab r bh sb a po c
Vela, c&cf - 6543040
Bradshaw, sr - 5411123
Grillo, p&lf - 6334 2 00
Arditto lf&p - 6131401
Sutherland. 2b& 3b 6 1 3 2 2 1 0
I 1I 1 ortner, 3d b& o 5101160
Thomas, Ist b - 5 2 2 2 011 1
Righter, rf& 2d b 4 1 1 2 3 21
Mello, cf&rf - 4000010
Totals 47 18 17 16 13 27 6
Lockford ab r bh sb a po c
Sanquinetti ss - 6311114
Emslie, 3db - 5011011
Athearn, 2db- 6111221
McCann, p - 5 2 112 11
Zimmerman, c - 61231 12 0
tJaccigalupi, lstb 5212161
Pearson, rf - 5111001
Goodiug, If - 4313000
Golman, ct - 5210000
Totals 47 15 10 13 7 23 9
Rigbter out for cutting base.
Runs by innings were as follows:
123456789
Jackson 2 3061303x18
Lockford 190011102 15
Two base hits— Emslie, Arditto, 2;
Zimmerman. Earned runs— Jackson,
5; Lockford, 3. First base on balls—
off Grillo, 2; MoCann, 3; Arditto, 3.
Left on bases— Jackson, 9; Lockford,
8. First base on errors— Jackson, 6;
Lockford, 4. Struck out— McCann,
11; Grillo, 2; Arditto, 4. Features
of game— one hand catches by Brad
sbaw and Mello. Time of game 2
hours and 45 minutes. Umpire, F.
Soracco, R. Corell. Soorer— L. P.
Gebbardt. Innings pitched by Grillo
2, by Arditto 7. Hits off Grillo 6, off
Arditto 4. Runs off Grillo 10, off
Arditto 5.
Between the baseball game and the
blue rock and live bird shooting the
interest was fairly divided. The blue
rook shooting was for a prize of $15
offered by the committee, with en
trance fee of 50 cents added. There
were three prizes offered; W. Hess
winning first, with 19 out of 20 shots;
Dal Porta second, with 18, and C.
Valvo third, with 17. The score was
as follows:
Total
W. Smith ... - 14
Chase - - - - - 10
Dal Porta - ... ig
Freeman - - - - 15
Poggi 9
Bouo - .... 16
Garbarini - - - - 11
Jarvis - - ... jg
Rurres - .... 14
Lepley 13
Hambrio - - - - 11
F Valvo 13
Norman 15
Hess ..... 19
Loverone .... 14
J Burk 11
C Valvo 17
S Borro ... . . 7
The live bird shoot wsa for $10 with
50 cents entrance fee added. There
were six contestants, 10 shots each.
Dan Boro, Dal Porto and Tom Nor
man tied on first, with a score of 8.
The complete score was as follows:
Dan Boro • - . - - 8
J. Amick - - 7
Dal Porta 8
Norman - . . . . g
Laverone 7
Smith - (j
Iv the evening the crowd that at
teuded the dance was immense— far
exceeding any previous year. The
platform had been enlarged, so that
several hundred could be accommod
ated on the floor. About 11 o'clock
tbe proceedings were brought to a
abrupt standstill by tbe failure of
tbe electric lights. It was thought
for a time that this mishap would
terminate the affair. But the dancers
wero not to be dispersed for such a
trifle. An electrician, Jones from
Sutter Creek, was hunted up, and
utter balf an hour's pause, succeeded
in getting lights on the subject.
Pleasure was renewed and kept up
till 2 o'clock.
The tiuauical outcome is not exactly
kuow. The receipts were large. At
the same time, tbe expenses were
unusually heavy. They lost heavily
on the ice cream made for the first
announcement. It was left on their
bands, and most of it was given away.
Chen they had to hire two men to
keep watch over tbe articles taken to
the grounds tor two weeks This cost
$150. The 75 gallons of ice cream
made for the final date was sold out
early in the evening. They might
have sold halt as much more were it
to be had. It is believed the receipts
will balance the expenses.
Barn Burned!
Saturday evening, June 16, the
barn of V. S. (Jarbarini, located at
South Jackson, was totally destroyed
by tire, with all its contents. The
tire started shortly before six o'clock.
How it started is not shrouded in the
least mystery. Some of the neighbors
children had been in the habit ot
playing around the barn, and at the
time referred, resorted to playing
with matches in close proximity to
the hay stored in the barn. In this
way the fire got a start, and was
beyond control as soon as it was dis
covered. The dwelling of J. tiar
barini just across the road from
the barn was in danger at one time,
but by dint of hard work, was saved.
Hay to the amount of VZ tons was
stored in the baru, also a new buggy,
valued at 9150. Everything was dcs
troyed. A horse belonging to M.
Plasse was also in the barn. A neigh
bor at the critical moment untied
the animal, and led him out to safety.
The lods is estimated at 9500; with
not a dollar of insurance. The barn
was a very old one. it was "built
over 30 thirty years ago, and in early
times was used by J. Belluomini on
bis trips with freight teams between
Jackson and Sacramento.
Give us daily some good bread. Pio
neer is the best.
AUKUM.
"W. C. T. U." observed "flower
mission" red letter day, at Aukum
Hall June 10, 1906. Mrs Sarah Burns,
superintendent of that department,
prepared an appropriate program,
which was carried out by tbe women
and children of the union, the Pigeon
Creek Sunday school scholars helped
with songs and recitations, which
were very much appreciated by the
union. Flowers were in profus
ion. More than 70 people congregat
ed on the occasion. After the enter
tainment, cake and ice cream were
served. Many bouquets tied with
white ribbon and a temperance
quotation attached were given away.
Mrs Nellie Warren and son Roy
returned home from Alemeda. Mrs
Warren has been under medical treat
ment for the past two months. Roy
bas been teaching school, he will re
main with his relatives and friends a
few weeks then he will commence a
college course, after which he will
resume teaching at the same school.
Henry Burden and Dorab Viunewitz
drove to Plymouth Sunday.
Geo. Ames of the Central house
near Drytowo, visited his home at
Aukum for a few days.
Mr Hungerford and son of Latrobe,
also master Geo. Easton of Plymouth,
went to the Hungerford saw mill near
Indian Diggings, the boys to hunt and
fish and Mr Hungerford on business.
Dr. Tiffney was summoned by
phone to the saw mill, to attend to
Mr Greenslate, who has pneumonia.
Hattie Seely and Mamie Slaven
have returned home from Placerville,
where they have been attending
school.
Albert Seely and Geo. Kretcher
have returned home from Nevada,
they started for Touapah, but gave
up tbe trip and took back track for
home. They are satisfied with working
in Shenandoab.
John Randalph has gone to lone
for a load ot flour and mill stuff,
for tbe Aukum store.
Mr McCobarbau has gone to Placer
ville for freight for Pat Lawlor's
store.
Haying has just started here, tbe
weather favors cow — sun shining
and warm, the grain bay will be
better saved than tbe early cut grass
hay. W. A. L.
The sworn statement of the manu
facturers protects you from opiates in
Kennedy's Laxative Honey and Tar—
tbe oougb syrup that drives tbe cold
out of your system. Sold by F. VV.
Rubser.
Caution.
All persons are hereby cautioned
not to purchase the Tennessee quartz
mine, near Pine Grove, formerly
known as the old Tellurium mine,
without consulting and arranging
with the under signed, who holds a
one-half interest therein, by location
and work. B. FISHER.
Thousands annually bear witness to
the eftioiency of Early Risers. These
pleasant, reliable little pills have
long borne a reputation second to
none as a laxative and cathartic,
lbey are as staple as bread in millions
of homes. Pleasant but effective.
Will promptly relieve constipation
without griping. Sold by F. W
Ruhser.
Poor Fishing.
A number of patrons of angling
have repaired to Tabeau reservoir,
armed with permits from tbe Stand
ard Electric Company, to fish tor
black bass in that sheet of water.
They all expected fine sport with
these gamey denizens of this artificial
lake. All were doomed to disappoint
ment. For some reason not thor
oughly understood, the fish refused
to bite. Either the lake is not well
stocked, or the fish are too small, or
some other cause. At any rate the
total catch up to tbe early part of
this week, was one lonely fish — and
that a very small one. The fishing
ground for Jackson and vicinity is a
long way from being developed. It is
said that it takes many years to stock
a body of water the size ot this
reservoir with black bass. Perhaps
tbe cleaning out of tbe reservoir some
months ago bad a good deal to do
with tbe lack of sport in tbe fishing
line at this time.
FOR SALE-440 acres, land neat
Oleta, known as George Yager ranch,
under fence, plenty of water, good
house and barn. Information given
by G. J. Yager, lone, Cal.
Constipation makes tbe cold drag
along. Get it out of you. Take
Kennedy's Laxative Honey and Tar
cough syrup. Contains no opiates.
Sold by F. W. Ruhser.
Silk Worms.
We have been presented by Mrs B.
M. Garbarim with several silk worms
cocoons, the product of worms
hatched in Jackson, from eggs sent
from a friend in Sacramento. Last
week the worms were busy weaving
their fine thread, at the home of Mrs
Garbarini on Water street, who has
taken up the experiment as a pleasant
pastime and not as a business pro
position. The worms thrive well in
this locality. The hign price ot
labor is against the industry becomes
a profitable one at present.
Democratic Committee Meets.
The democratic county central com
mittee held a regular meeting in Jack
son last Saturday, at which there was
a very good attendance every town
ship being well represented. Politi
cal matters were discussed by that
angust body. :t is reported around
that the members approved of the
"slate" fixed up by a previous in
formal gathering.
No decisive action was taken, other
than to issue a call for another meet
ing of tbe committee for next Satur
day, at which it is expected the date
of the county convention will be
llxed, and also the primaries to elect
delegates thereto. Our democratic
friends are somewhat at sea. They
want to reach a definite point, and
are not averse to taking a round
about course to attain the object.
Above all things they want to hold
on to the offices — all they now have,
and more if possible. The sailing
promises to be not ot tbe smoothest
kind; and unless all indications fail,
the voters are apt to knock the schem
ing ones badly when the voice of the
ballot box is heard.
The sinoerest tribute that can be
paid to superiority is imitation. The
many imitations of DeWitt's Witch
Hazel Salve that are now before the
public prove it the best. Ask for
DeWitt's. Good for burns, scalds,
chaffed skin, eczema, tetter, cuts,
bruises, boils and piles. Highly re
commended and reliable. Sold by F.
W. Ruhser.
Early Morning Wedding.
On Wednesday morning last at six
o'clock, the Rev. Wai. Tuson united
in the bonds of wedlock Bert C.
Austin and Mary G. Hampton, at the
home of the bride's parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Elisha Hampton, near the
Oneida mine, in the presence of a
number of invited friends and re
latives.
The parlors of the Hampton home
were beautifully decorated with
sinilax, roses and ferns, the color
scheme of pink and green being used
very artistically.
The bride was beautifully gowned
in a dress of white crepe de chine
made over taffeta silk, trimmed in
folds and heavy lace medallions. She
carried lilies of thn valley imbeded
in maiden hair ferns.
The bridesmaid, was Miss Hazel
May Austin, of Spencerville, Cal.,
sister of the groom, who looked
charming, attired in a gown of soft
pink silk over taffeta made empire,
and carried pink sweet peas.
The groomsman was Jobn Coffman,
who well performed bis part of tbe
ceremony. Mrs Asbury presided at
the piano, as tbe bridal party entered
the parlor, the bride leaning on the
arm of her father. The wedding gifts
were many and beautiful. About
twenty intimate friends of the con
tracting parties partook ot tbe
sumptuous wedding breakfast, served
in tbe prettily decorated dinning
room. After which the entire wedd
ing party accompanied tbe happy
couple to the railroad station near by,
from whence they took their de
parture, amid showers of rice and
expressions of good wishes, for a
honeymoon tour to Yosemite valley
and other points of interest, and will
be away until July 15. Upon their
return they will make their borne at
tbe Oneida.
Tbe bride is tbe daughter of E.
Hampton, the well known superin
tendent ot tbe Oneida mine, a charm
ing and* accomplished young lady.
Mr Austin is a mining engineer,
who tor tbe past two years and a half,
has been connected with tbe Onuida
Gold Mining & Milling Co. He is a
thorough young business man, and
very popular in the county.
A host ot friends wish them well.
To Care a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tab
lets. All druggists refund tbe money
if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's sig
nature is on each box. 25c.
Kodol for Dyspepsia
Digests what you eat.
HuW j I dress 6oods '
EMBROIDERIES, LACES,
14 JlP Gloves, Corsets,
Dress Trimmings,
STHDE Clothing and Underwear
IUKt Panama Hats
TTTr n We Carry First-class Goods Only.
UII L X ONE PRICE ONLY.
To Cure a Cold in One Day \ K^su
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. £ f%& °* %**?
Seven Miffion boxes sold fa post 1 2 months. This signature, *-* '**' /<?yri^-^/ < ?yri^-^ I)OX# »
For a High School Course.
A interesting feature in connection
with the examination of applicants
for graduation from the grammar
grade, held last week, was a question
inserted in the papers, to ascertain
the feeling of the pupils in regard to
attending a high school. The ques
tion was put in this way : "Is it your
present intention to attend a high
school?" The scholars were scattered
through all tbe school districts in
the county and with the majority a
high school course meant absence
from home for a more or less pro
tracted period. Out of 81 pupils ex
amined, 70 answered in the affirma
tive. This all one-sided resolve
sufficiently attests the deep-seated
desire on the part of graduates from
the common schools to attain a
higher standard of education than
that afforded by grammar grade. It
is safe to say that not one-third ot
those who thus answered will pass
through the higher school course.
And probably not 50 per cent ot
those who attain their wishes in
this directiun would be correspond
ingly benefitted by such tuition. All
the same, the expression of the disire
itself is significant. The idea has
taken root in the youthful mind, that
the high school is essential in round
ing out their education, and they are
in favor of getting all the benefits
going. Assuming that one-fourth of
the graduates will attend high school,
that implies that tbe majority will
seek such training beyond tbe limits
of the county, because of the lack of
opportunity to attend such a school
along the populous oenter— the
mineral belt. And with an average ot
17 of such pupils per year, it is worth
while considering whether we have
not 1 cached that point where it is
incumbent in justice to tbe popular
demand of tbe rising generation to
establish a county high school at
some central point where a majority
at least of these seekers after know
ledge could be accommodated within
a reasonable distanoe from their own
homes.
For horse blankets and everything
in the saddle and harness line, see
Piccardo's fine stock on Water street
Hotel Arrivals.
National.— M A Marks, H Weaver,
San Francisco; L W Robbins, Frank
A Kent, Stookton; Jas McConall,
North Basin; A T Kellinger, Preston
Morris, W B McLaugblin, H E Foli
bard, Leo Libanfield, San Francisco;
J H White, Eleotra; Fred Teller,
Wbrren Reed, San Francisco; R A
Marshall, ESlow, L Loa, Santa Rosa;
D MoCall, lone; Thos C Heydeufield,
Fair Oaks; Frank E Hand, Los
Angeles; R Chase, Amador; J Tyle,
San Francisco; J Goercke, E Kemp,
Stockton; M P Werry, Electra; W A
Jonee, A V Watthens, F P Stoover,
San Francisco, Chas B Douglas, A
B Summer, Plymouth; J J Mc-
Donald, Sacramento.
Globe.— L. M Harkness, Stockton;
Mrs Watson, San Francisco; Alex
Davis, lone; S Row, Sau Fracuisco;
A Grillo, Volcano; C Bradhaw, W
Ludekens, E Manson, Pine Grove;
Ralph Miller, Martells; Mabel Phil
lips, H Smith, Defender; Lawrence
Danney, lone; H Danen, John Cassi
nelli, Sutter Creek; Wm Clifton and
wife, Andy Phillips, Miss Jennie
Postie, Geo Clifton, H Thompson. W
C Fithian, lone; D 801, Augeio
Capelini, John T»lia, A Truscott,
Amador City; C A Green and wife,
Fosteria; John Scully, Miss Bagley,
Miss Asbury, Miss Miller, Jess Clif
ton, Amelia Miller, lone; Miss Mc-
Naughton, Sutter Creek; Maud
Gatton, Aruado City; J Burke, Sutter
Creek; C J Kaiser, B Zimmerman,
Camanche; A A Kimball, Defender;
L Webster, Pine Grove; Mrs F
Pollay, Defender; Daisy Fox, Mrs
Barnett, lone; W Barbee, SM Barbee,
San Francisco; T Q Johnson, Joe
Quinn, Sutter Creek; G M Castroni,
San Fi-ancisco; Alex Barlow, Bay
State mine; E T Dawson, lone;
J M Goodin, oacramento; II C Reavis,
Stockton; F S McCulloh, Michigan
Bar; A J Mattbisen, San brancisco;
MJ Coppel, Stockton; C V Craig,
Berkeley; B Hillis, Sacramento; W A
Burres and wite, Tom Gillick and
wife, Sutter Creek.
Bad Indeed
Losing flesh is indeed a bad sign
Take Scott's Emulsion for it. For
weak indigestion, for defective nour
ishment, for consumption, take
Scott's Emulsion. It restores flesh
because it strikes to the cause of the
loss.
THE ORIGINAL LAXATIVE COUGH SYRUP
KENNEDY'S LAXATIVE HONEY-TAR
Bed Clomr filoisom tad Honey Be« on Every Boltla.
f NOTHING TOO GOOD i
9 1
I for our PATRONS !
• '
• *
• We are always looking for 1
• something better, always work- J
0 ing to secure values and styles •
• superior to all other stores. "
• That's what made the Jackson •
m Shoe Store of to-day better than. •
• the Jackson Shoe Store of last m
• year, and that's why we have •
0 given a place to . .'#.'•
I THE LADIES' HOME JOURNAL PATTERNS -5
• When The Ladies' Home %
1 Journal began making paper 5
a dress patterns it occurred to us •
• that since this was the leading *
• woman's magazine and has never !
» yet done anything in a second- •
• class way, that its patterns would *
• certainly be first-class in every •
m particular. An investigation has •
• convinced us that *
| THE LADIES' HOME JOURNAL PATTERNS •
a are superior to all others and as •
• high grade as the magazine it- 2
• self. • «
a Wo invite you to visit our store •
• and look over THE LADIES' *
• HOME JOURNAL ■ STYLE •
« BOOK, containing over 1,000 dif- •
• ferent styles. *
• This Monthly Style Book is J
a FREE. Call for it every month. •
J All mail orders will" have our ■
• most careful attention. •
a Perfect in lit, superior in style •
J and all new— no old styles, no an- «
• cient creations and having an J
a entirely new feature, a Guide— •
• Chart free with each pattern. «
• This Chart shows how each pat- J
a tern is put together in such a •
• comprehensive way that anyone, J|
• no matter how unexperienced, •
a can uso it. a
• ALL PATTERNS 10c and 15c ]
I JACKSON I
I SIDE WE. I
t ••■••••••••»••••••••• ••*•
Board of Supervisors.
Tbe board of supervisors met iv
special session on Saturday, June lti,
ail the members being present. The
special business that called them to
gether was the appointment of a
justice of the peace, to till the vacancy
caused by the death of H. Goldner.
Two petitions for appointment were
presented to the board, each signed
by over thirty representatives citi
zens. One requesting the appoint
ment of R. W. Ketchum, and the
other in favor of Alfred Goldner, son
of tbe deceased justice. In accord
ance with a precedent of long stand
ing, tbe matter of the appointment
was left in the bands ot supervisor
Strohm, the other members being
satisfied to stand by his selection.
On motion of John Strohm, seconded
by L. Burke, Alfred Goldner was
appointed by the unanimous vote of
the board.
W. E. Downs was appointed as
superintending engineer of tbe con
struction of the bridge across Sutter
creek in the town of Sutter Cieek,
without compensation.
Deafness Cannot be Cored
by local applications as they cannot
reach the diseased portion of the ear
There is only one way to cure deafness,
and that is by constitutional remedies.
Deafness is caused by an inflamed con
dition of the mucous living of the Eus
tachian Tilbe. When this tube is in
tlamed you have a rumbling sound or
imperfect hearing, and when it is en
tirely closed, deafness is the result,
and unless the inflammation can be
taken out and this tube restored to its
normal condition, hearing' will be de
stroyed forever; nine cases out of ten
are caused by Catarrh, which is noth
ing but an inflamed condition of the
mucous surfaces.
We will give One Hundred Dollars
for any case of Deafness (caused by ca
tarrh) that cannot be cured by Hall's
Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.
P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.
Sold by Druggists, 7oc.
Hall's Family Pills are L'uo oost.mh® ibAdlUKi
li;;^^i^M^d^4^..^,- ;|| For Infants and Children.
jj ASTORIA phe Kind You Have
hl^T •■" r■? 1 Always Bought
AwgetableFreparalionrorAs- m # w
similating the Food m w
ling the Stomachs of j| BStirS th.B # t
Promotes Digestion,Chcerful- 1 Signature /Au
Promotes Digcstion£hcerfiil- | ° jw iS VM
ness and .Contains neither jjllj n w JP %W
Opium,Morpliine nor>lii\eral. a 01 Mv< *\ If •
If OT "Narcotic. il fill If*
I*af>eafOUjysmVELHTClWl | - V/V
SoAM^ttit- J l/l I
tointtryreri Ftartaz '.■/.. l/ftjl Hop
Aperfecl Remedy for Conslipa- I I H (y UOU
Ron, Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea i ( \kV
Worms .Convulsions. Feverish- 111 |l*^ P-. M ft..**.
ness and Loss of Sleep, m \JI I" U I JV B I
Facsimile Signature or ;
_^S_l Thirty Years
NEW YORK. 1 111 Illy Slj CII&
1
E3<ACT COPY OF WRAPPED. M| 1 §Mk ||j| 1 Is £1 I fe^
THE OEHTMIR OOMMNY. NEW YOHX CITY.
pEOPLEJS RAVINGS |M
OF SACRAMENTO.
Corner. Fourth and J Sts.
aid Depositors four per cent
. on term deposits, three per cent
On ORDINARY DEPOSITS
Accepts deposits in sums
from ONE DOLLAR and
upward.
Guaranteed Capital $410,000
Paid Up Capital and Reserve. . 351,500
Assets 2, 010, 000
Send Draft, P. O. Order, or.Wells-Fargo Order
and we will send pass book.
. Money to Loan on Eeal Estate^ —
WM. BECKMAN, PRES.
Alfred G. Folger, Cashier. sep3o
BANK OF AMADOU COUNTY
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : : : $50,000
President Alfonse Ginocchio
Vice-President S. G. Spagnoli
Secretary and Cashier....' Frederick Eudey
BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
Alfonse Ginocchio, S. G. Spagnoli, 'John Strohm,
Frederick Eudey and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT. — Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from the Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from fire
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postofflce or express. Money sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County.
They receive deposits from $5 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
when you die it can't be found and you are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive
: NEW : i
National* Hotel ;
Jackson, Amador county, Cal. ! !
: 1 :
F. A. VOORIIEIS, Proprietor jj
ii
Stage Office for all Points ||
Lighted by electricity throughout '
1 Commodious Sample Rooms for l
' Commercial Travelers. aulB ';
• ♦♦♦♦••♦♦♦••♦♦•♦♦♦♦»♦»♦♦♦<
j G. W. WELLER
(i ~ «
< *
; i — DEALER IN — . . ;
; Stoves j;
j ; Tinware j ;
! Hardware \'<
j; Crockery ! ;
|; Cutlery j;
]| Window Glass <|
:: Paints i!
; , Oils, etc. ;;
< > ■■»»<« ; j
; ; Tinning and Plumbing J ',
', I -$*©- ] [
; ; Alain Street •
j; JACKSON ..... CAL. 5
i i ' my 19 •
< ♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦•»♦»♦♦!
Still on Deck.
ASSAYING 50 cts.
Assaying 50c. Spot cash for Gold, Amalgam,
Cyanide Precipitate, Rich Ore &c. Hail or ex-
press.
Pioneer Assaying Co.
(30 years established )
131 sth St., near U. S. Mint, San "rancisco, C.il
Re-established with a ne\T am l np-tjdate
plant.
Globe Hotel
'w~~" ~
NEW MANAGEMENT.
MRS. ANNIE HURST.... Prop'r
Board and Lodging
AT REASONABLE RATES.
Sample Rooms for Commer-
cial Travelers.
All Stages stop at this hotel.
JACKSON CAL.
my 6
Order to Show Cause.
In the Superior Court, of the
County of Amador, State of Cali-
fornia.
In the matter of the guardianship of
the person and estate of Gideon K.
Devore, a minor.
Elizabeth J. Devote, the guardian
of the person and estate of Gideon R.
Devore, a minor, having this day
tiled her petition herein praying for
an order of sale of certain real and
personal estate of said minor, tor the
purposes therein set torth;
It is therefore ordered by the said
court, that the next of kin, and all
persons interested in the estate of said
minor appear befoie the said superior
court on Saturday the 14th day of
July, 1906, at ten o'clock in the fore-
noon of said day, at the court room
of said Superior Court at the court
bouse, in the city of Jackson, in said
Amador county, to show cause why
an order should not be granted to said
guardian, to sell so much of the real
and peiscnal propeity of the said
minor, at private sale, as shall be
necessary; and that a copy of this
order be published at least four suc-
cessive weeks in the "Amador Ledger"
a weekly newspaper printed and
published in said Amador county.
R. C. RUST,
Judge of said Superior Court.
Dated this 4th day of June, 1900.
(Endorsed) Filed June 4th A. D., 1906.
C. L.. Culbert, county clerk.
By J R. Huberty, deputy.
Chas. H. Crooker, attorney for
guardian, Jackson, Cal.
Notice to Creditors.
Estate of A. J. Amick deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the
undersigned, W. M. Amick, adminis-
trator of the estate of A. J. Amick.
deceased, to the creditors of and all
persons having claims against the said
deceased, to exhibit them, with the
necessary vouchers, within four
moutCs after the first publication of
this notice to the said administrator,
at the office of C. P. Vicini at Jack-
son, Amador county, California, the
same being the place for the trans-
action of the business of said estate,
in said county of Amador.
Dated, June 11, 1906.
W. M. AMICK,
Administrator of the estate of A. J.
Amick, deceased.
C.P. Vicim,attorney for administrator
Assessor's Notice.
•
The county assessor hereby an-
nounces that he will be at his otlice
in Jackson, from now on for the pur-
pose of assessing taxable property,
and receiving statements from pro-
perty-holders.
J. MARCH A NT,
County Assessor.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of (^ui^/jf/-eL<&&Ai
Gr©ve s s Tasteless CMH Tonic
has stood the test 23 years. Average Annual Saies over One end a Half Million
bottles. Does this record of merit appeal to yc-si ? No Cure, No Pay. 50c.
Enclosed with every bottle is a Ten Ccn£> p-ack r 33 of Grove's Bicck itoct. Liver Pills.
TIICHABD WKBB
United states Commlsslone
JACKSON, AL.
Will attend to Homestead and other Slings;
taking of final proofs and all other Land
Business.
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
Agent for Phoenix Assurance Company ot
London, and Washington Providence Fire In
IntiranceCoinpanies. ioUlt
THE AMADOR LEDGER; JACKSOK, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY. JUKE 22. 1906
Washington
Letter.
(From Our Regular Correspondent, "i
Washington D. C. JuDe 9, 1906.
Even with the hot weather closing
in, congress casting about for some
short cut to adjournment, and all the
other things that might take up the
public mind, there is little interest
in anything in Washington just now,
but the meat packing scandals The
matter is being fought so obstinately
iv the house committee on agriculture
that there are many hard words being
said about the attitude of representa
tive Wadsworth, the chairman of the
committee. During all the investiga
tion that has followed the publication
of president Roosevelt's report. Mr
Wadsworth has taken the position of
counsel for the defense, and while he
has treated Mr Wilson the representa
tive of the packera with marked
courtesy and consideration, he has
acted toward both Mr Neiirand Mr
.Reynolds, the president's commiss
ioners, as though they were culprits
on trial. In fact had he been ad
mittedly the paid counsel for the
packers, he could hardly have espous
ed their cause more warmly. The
result has been to increase public
feeling against the meat packers and
there has been threats in the house
that if an unsatisfactory report is
made from the committee that the
house will have no hesitation in vot
ing against it. This in plain language
means that if there is an attempt
on the part of the committee to make
a whitewashing report on the iSeve
ridge amendment, the house will
throw out the report and adopt the
IJeveridge amendment, as it came
from the senate. This would be
against all precedent, for a favorable
report on any measure from the com
mittee having it under consideration
is almost tantamount to favorable
action hy the house.
The meat lobby has been busy try
ing to manufacture public opinion.
They have spent money wherever
they could and as tne papers have
persistently taken a stand in favor of
the Neill-Reynolds official report, the
representatives of the packing houses
this week took a whole page in each
of the local papers with an immense
display advertisement stating that
"in view of the sensational and un
true report" that has been circulated
about the meat business in Chicago,
they wished to offer an invitation to
all the people of the country and
Wasfaingtonians in particular to visit
the packing bouses and see conditions
lor themselves.
This was a great piece of bumcomb
for on the very day that the adver
tisement appeared, the president gave
out a letter that he had sent to
chairman Wadsworth, with some very
pointed extracts from one of his
personal friends in Chicago anent the
cleaning up process that had been
going on ever since the disclosures
had been impending. The president
did not name bis correspondent, but
said that he would give the name if
the committee so desired. The writer
in question said that he bad been
watching the "Awakening of Pack
ingtown" and that the haste of the
packers displayed in cleaning up
their places would be humorous if all
the conditions were net so tragic,
lie enumerated some of the things
that has already been done in the
way of putting in new plumbing,
providing washing facilities and
wsabable uniforms, repaying, paint
ing, scraping, whitewashing, and the
like. And be said that it a committee
from congress did visit the packing
houses, they would find a very differ
ent place from that so accurately
disciibed by Messrs Neili and Rey
nolds in their report.
In all the matter that has been
printed about the condition of the
packing houses, however, there is one
that seems to have befen generally
overlooked. That is the inhuman
treatment to which the live stock is
subjected before it gets on the killing
beds. The packers aud the stockraisers
just before the disclosures of the con
dition in the yards, had been clamor
ing for congress to increase the time
during which they could transport
cattle on tne trains without .food or
water. As the law stands, cattle must
be fed and watered once in twenty
eight hours, and the cattle sellers
wanted to increase this to thirty-six
hours. The proposition was mon
strously inhuman in its conception.
But starving and famishing is not the
worst that happens. The cattle are
bruised, gored, frequently knocked
down and their limbs broken, and this
is the way in which many of the dead
cattle reach the killing beds where
they are officially "killed" a second
time, it is quite possible that supple
mentary legislation will be introduced
looking to a cure for this phase of the
evil. And it cannot come too soon.
The rate bill has been recommitted
to conference by the senate, which is
dissatisfied with the outcome of the
conpromise. The senate has won out
on only forty-seven of tho Hfty-one
amendments submitted, but it appar
ently wauts to get them all. One thing
on which an earnest tight is being
made is the anti-pass provision of the
bill. As it stands now, the measure
will certainly work considerable hard
ship on the boua tide employes ot the
I ! AMfIDOR LEDGER * WEEKLY fIKMO INIEHCeI
- £9. kh per vm.gß
railroads. But as senator Patterson
pointed out, the pass privilege is one
of the most abused in existence, and
one of the most potent agencies in
corrupt elections. He snys that this
feature of the bill cannot be too
strongly dniwn.and it looks as though
he were right.
The free alcohol bill has not only
been passed but signed, and there is
mourning in the camp of the wuod
alcohol lobby that fought it consis
tently. But iv the opposition tents,
which hold some of the foremost of
the professional trust busters, there
has teen great rejoicing. The measure
on the face of it ought to lie a good
thing for tho farmers of the country,
for it will make commercially avail
able many by-products of the farm
that have heretofore gone to waste
How long before the business of pro
ducing denatured alcohol will be put
on a commercial footing is a question
that only time can answer.
A Heavy Load to Carry.
Along with dyspoDsia comes nprvou3-
neiss and general ill-health. Why ? Be-
cause a disordered stomach does not per-
mit the food to be properly digested, and
its products assimilated by the system.
The blood is charged with poisons which
come from this disordered digestion, and
In turn tho nerves are not fed on good,
red blood, and wo see symptoms of nerv-
ousness, sleeplessness and general break-
down. It is not head work, nor over phy-
sical exertion that does it, but poor stom-
ach work. With poor, thin mood the
body is not protected against the attack
of germs of grip, bronchitis and consump-
tion. Fortify tho body at once with Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery — a
rare combination of nativo medicinal
roots without a particle of alcohol or
dangerous habit-forming drugs,
A littlo book of extracts, from promi-
nent medical authorities extolling every
ingredient contained in Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery will bo mailed
free to any address on request by postal
card or letter. Address Dr. E. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
Many years of active practico convinced
Dr. Pierce of tho value of many nativo
roots as medicinal agents and he went to
groat expense, both In time and in money,
to perfect his own peculiar processes for
rendering them both efficient and safe for
tonic, alterative and rebuilding agents.
The enormous popularity of "Golden
Medical Discovery" is duo both to Us
scientific compounding and to tho actual
medicinal valuo of its ingredients. Tho
publication of the names of the ingredi-
ents on the wrapper of every bottle sold,
gives full assurance of its non-alcoholic
character and removes all objection to
tho use of an unknown or secret remedy.
It is not a patent medicine nor a secret
one either, This fact puts it in a class
all by itself, bearing as ft does upon overy
bottle wrapper Tho Badge of Honesty, in
the full list of its ingredients.
The "Golden Medical Discovery " cures,
weak stomach, indigestion, or dyspepsia,
torpid liver and biliousness, ulceration of
stomach and bowles and all catarrhal af-
fections no matter what parts or organs
may be affected with It. Dr. Pierces
Pleasant Pellets are tho original littlo
liver pills, first put up 40 years ago. They
regulate and Invigorate, stomach, liver
and bowels. Much imitated but nevor
equaled. Sugar-coated and easy to take
aa candy. Ono to three a dose.
Ordinance No. 24.
An Ordinance Amendatory of Ordin-
ance No. 9.
The Board ot Trustees of the City
of Jackson do ordain as follows:
■Section 1. That a new section is
hereby enacted and added to Ordin-
ance No. 9, passed on the 25th day of
January, 1906, entitled "An Ordin-
ance Providing Police and Sanitary
Regulations for the City of Jackson,
and Prescribing the Penalty for a Vio-
lation Thereof," to be a part thereof,
and to read as follows:
Sec. 44. It is hereby made the duty
of every occupant, agent, claimant,
or person in possession or control of
any real estate within the corporate
limits ot the City ot Jackson to cut
down and destroy, and to keep cut
down and destroyed, from premises
of which he is the owner, occupant,
agent, claimant, or of which he has
possession or control, and from the
half of any street or alley contiguous
thereto, all thistles and weeds whose
seeds are of a winged or downy nature
and are spread by the winds. Any
person violating any of the provision?
of this section shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor. And if any owner oc-
cupant, agent, claimant, or person
having the possession or control of
real property within the corporate
limits of the City of Jackson shall
fail to comply with any ot the provi-
sions of this section after receiving
three days' notice in writing from tbe
city health officer so to do, it shall be
lawful for the said city health officer
to cause said weeds or thistles to be
eradicated at tbe expense of tbe said
owner, occupant, agent, claimant, or
person having the possession or con-
trol of said premises.
Section 2. That a new section is
hemby enacted and added to said Or-
dinance No. 9, to be a part thereof,
and to read as follows;
Sec. 45. It shall be unlawful and a
misdemeanor to obstruct or cause to
be obstructed any part of, or any
part of the public use of any part of
any public street, highway, avenue,
sidewalk, crosswalk or bridge. The
following named things, but not to
the exclusion of other things, shall
be deemed obstructions and nuisances
within the meaning of this section:
1. Signs, projections, rods, brackets,
or apparatus for displaying signs, or
other purposes, which being over any
part of any sidewalk, are less than
eight (8) feet above the main traveled
grade or luvel of said sidewalk.
2. The use of any part of a sidewalk
by the occupant of an abutting tene-
ment for the purpose of exhibiting
merchandise.
3. The use of any part of a sidewalk
or street by the occupant of an abut-
ting tenement for tbe purpose of ex-
hibiting advertisements by means of
tables, boxes, boards, or any device
or apparatus resting upon said side-
walk or street.
i. The maintaining or using upon
any part of any public sidewalk or
street any stand, shed, platform, table
or structure for the purpose of carry-
ing on therein or thereon any busi-
ness, trade or occupation.
5. Any balcony or porch which, be-
ing over any of said public ways, is
not supported by substantial, safe and
secure appliances so placed as not to
interfere with tbe fiee passage or use,
in the customary manner, of said pub
lie ways.
(i. To place or use in ot upou any
part of any sidewalk or street any
camp stools, benches, chairs, sofas, or
other obstructions or impediments to
the free use and pasBage along and
throughout any part of the entire
width and length of such street or
sidewalk.
The following named things are de-
clared not to be obstructions or nui-
sancos within the meaning of this or-
dinance:
1. An obstruction caused by a pub-
lic officer or public employe, in pur-
suance ot hia duty or employment as
such officer or employe.
2. The use of a sidewalk or street by
or for the occupant of any abutting
tenement for the purpose of transfer-
ring merchandise and other articles
between such tenement and the road-
way during the time necessary for
such transfer if prosecuted consecu-
tively and with reasonable diligence.
3. An obstruction authorized or per-
mitted by the terms of any franchise,
ordinance or resolution of the board
of Trustees, law, or special permit.
Three members of the Board of Trus-
tees may grant special written permits
of the use of public sidewalks and
streets for all proper purposes, and
on public occasions, which permis-
sion shall fix the time and place and
restrict the manner of the use of said
sidewalks and streets. It shall be the
duty of the Uity Ulerk to attest said
written permits with bis signature,
to and keep a record of same.
Section 3. That a new section is
hereby enacted and added to said Or-
dinance No. 9, to be a part thereof,
and to read as follows*
Sec. 46. It shall be unlawful and a
misdemeanor for any of the persons
composing a company or crowd ob-
structing, impeding, or impairing
the free and peaceful passage of others
on or along any street, sidewalk,
bridge, public way or entrance to any
theater, pavilion, church, public hall
or other place of public resort, to re-
fuse, fail or neglect to disperse or
move on when requested to do so by a
peace officer, But this provision shall
not apply on the occasion of any pub-
lic outdoor meeting or public proces-
sion.
Section 4. That a new section is
hereby enacted and added to said Or-
dinance No 9, to be a part thereof,
and to read as follows :
Sec. 47. It shall be unlawful and a
misdemeanor to expectorate en the
fltoor of any public building, or on
any sidewalk in the City of Jackson.
Any person violating any of the pro-
visions of this section of this ordin-
anoe shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and upon conviction there-
of be fined in any sum not to exceed
fifty dollars, or be imprisoned in the
city prison of the City of Jackson, or
in the county jail of Amador county,
not exceeding thirty days, or both so
fined and imprisoned at the discretion
of the court.
Section 5. Section 14 of said Ordin-
ance No. 9 is hereby amended to read
as follows:
Section 14. Any person who, within
the corporate limits of the City of
Jackson, sets fire to, ignites or burns
any paper, shavings, leaves, or other
things known as waste, upon any
street, sidewalk or lots therein, within
a distance of one hundred feet from
any building or structure, is guilty of
a misdemeanor; provided that tor the
purpose of cleaning houses, lots, side-
walks and streets of such fragments
and waste, the same may be burned
between the hours of 6 o'clock a. m.
and 9 o'clock a m., at a distance of
not less than twenty-five feet from any
building or structure.
Section 6. Section 15 of said Ordin-
ance No. 9 is hereby amended to read
as follows:
Section 15. Any person who, within
the corporate limits ot the City of
Jackson, ignites or causes to be ignit-
ed any bonfire, or discharges or ex-
plodes any anvil or cannon, or ex-
plodes or sets off any fireworks, tor-
pedoes, firecrackers, or other explo-
sives, is guilty of a misdemeanor;
except on public occasions when writ-
ten permission shall first have been
obtained from any three members of
the Board of Trustees, which said per-
mission shall fix the time and place
and restrict the manner in which said
public demonstration may be had.
Section 7. Section 10 of said Ordin-
ance No. 9 is hereby amended to read
as follows:
Section 10. Any person who rides,
drives or ties any animal on a aide-
walk or cross walk, except when go-
ing directly across such sidewalk or
crosswalk for some proper purpose,
is guilty of a misdemeanor.
Section 8. This Ordinance, before
taking effect, shall be published for
one week in the Amador Ledger, a
weekly newspaper published in the
City of Jackson, and shall take
effect and be in force on and after the
second day of July, 1906.
Introduced June 7th, 1906.
Passed and approved this 14th day
of June, 1906, by the following vote:
Ayes: Kent, Learn and Uarbarini.
Noes— Penry and Tam.
V. S. UARBARINI,
President of the Board of Trustees
ot the City of Jackson.
Attest: L. J. Ulavinovich,
(Seal) City Clerk.
Published in the Amador Ledger for
one week, viz., June 22nd, 1906.
Notice of Sale of Delinquent
Stock
of the Jose Gulch Mining Company a corpora-
tion organized under the laws of the state of
California, having its office and principal
place of business at Butte Basin, Amador
county. California, and having its works and
property at the same place.
Notice.— There is delinquent upon the follow-
ing described stock, on account of assess-
ment levied on the 4th day of April, 1908,
the several amounts set opposite the names
of the respective shareholders, as follows:
Name. No Cert. No Shares Amt
C. M.Fuhrman 34 200 *10 0L
C. M. Fuhrman 172 20 100
F. M. Farwell 133 300 15 00
F.MFarwell 145 3(10 25 00
F M. Farwell 146 500 25 00
F. M. Farwcll 181 50 2 50
F, M. Farwell 218 2000 100 00
F. M. Farwell 419 500 85 00
F. M. Farwell.... 230 17 85
RobertLabram 32 2(10 10 00
RobertLabram 177 20 100
J.A.Moore 2.'3 35 175
J A.Moore 224 7 0 35
C. G.Mayborn 79 5000 250 00
C.E.Stewart 210 100 5 00
W. E Stewart 16!) 2174 108 70
And in accordance with law and au order o'
the Board of Directors made on the suid 4th
day of April, IiXW. so many shares of each
parcel of such stock as may be necessary will
be sold at the oftlce of tho company and
Secretary at Butte Basin, Amador "county,
California, on the 31st day of May, 1908,
at the hour of ten o'clock a. m., 'of such day,
to pay delinquent assessment thereon, together
with costs of advertising and expenses of sale.
J P. LITTLE,
Secretary of the Jose Guldh Miuing Company,
office at Butte Basin (Jackson post office.)
Amador county, California. jels
POSTPONEMENT OF SALE.
Pursuant to a resolution of the Board of
Directors of the Jose Gulch Mining Company,
duly passed at a spocial meeting called for the
purpose, tho sale of the above delinquent
stock has been postponed until Monday, July 2,
191K5, at 2 o'clock, P. M. at which time, if pay-
ment is not made before, the said delinquent
stock will be sold, by the undersigned at the
place above named, to pay ihe delinquent as-
sessment thereon together with the costs of ad-
vertising and expenses of sale.
J. P. LITTLE,
Secretary of the J.'ise Gulch Miuing Company
otl'.ci" at Butte rtisin, (Jackson post office).
Amai'.or County. Caliofrnia.
OASVOB.ZA.
Bears the . Tha Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature /^^^ V/V!/7-m—^2-
• of
A \7'^|*C I-M lie mild in action - The "ure
/a.yVI OJ HIO consti P ation > biliousness,
•/ sick-headache. i^i^l^i'.
Want your moustache or beard RUfIKINRrIAM'Q fIVC
abeautiMbriwnorrichblack? Use .f^JMJSHJIfSSI.S,- JUk.5
PIONEER FLOUR IS PERFECTION^
.< Made From SELECTED WHEAT
te Blended According to Our Own Formula
'4 Producina Perfect Results and
4 Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
_ § Sweet to the Palate's Touch and
M Snowy White
■ •- -PIONEER FLOUR MILLS. SACRAMENTO •
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••^•©©••©•••••••oe.
• NOBTH MAIN STBEET > JACKSON, CAL. •
j CITY MEAT MARKET, j
• GEO. L. THOMAS & CO. *
• Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, Hams, •
2 " • Corned Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc. g
• At lowest market prices. - - - Orders promptly delivered. •
******** •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••««*
CM' CR^SS^ce'PresidinV USE LUMBERMAN'S CODE AND TELECODE
H. NATHAN. Sefre^'&Treas. L ° NO AND LARGE TIMBERS A SPECIALTY
504 Merchant's Exchange j^jSHfck M*-
ltß>s&^ S\>^!^^ Lumber Phone SO
SAN FRANCISCO. ißw tiOs
Telephone 'Sftu •L)/^I D l«oIwl «o Iw Oregon Pine.
private Exchange 279 \S^ Cedar and
■%■%:% # "%i?tflJ^%l!^ Redwood
!sAa^ Lumber
{ lncor rated > Rough or Worked
WE GIVE SPECIAL ATTENTION TO THE MINER'S REQUIREMENTS IN
MINING LUMBER AND TIMBER. Delivered to any destination desired.
1 OVERLAND LIMITED I
. mi\c inn- pa
■ OVERLAND LIMITED!
||j Strictly first-class throughout, observation, dining and 11
H sleeping cars, M
m . | ■••/■•/ /\ T TI / 1 l i^j T^ I" T7\
D *— ■/iJwIF LJ.L vl Ml/A. g
■ Ogden, Salt Lake City, Denver, Omaha, Chicago, f§
11 Topeka, Kansas City, St. Louis and ; other points ■
H further East. -H
H Via the Southdrn Pacific and connections, thus g
lH Connecting at Chicago with the 18-hour trains to 11
pi New York City.
H Convenient, Quick, Comfortable. I
I ' SOUTHERN PACIFIC. ; 1
I SOUTHERN PACIFIC. I
mm JOHN C. STONE, D. P. A., Sacramento. H
Notice of Assessment.
Del Monte Mining and Milling
Compauy.
Location cf principal place of busi-
ness, Ja kaon, Amador county, Cali-
fornia.
Location of works, Kailroad Flat
Mining District, Calaveras county,
California.
Notice is hereby given that at a
regular meeting of the Board of
Directors, held on the 4ih aay of
■lune, A. D. 1906, an assessment of
five cents (sc) per share was levied
upon the subscribed capital stock of
the corporation, payable immediately
in United btatescoin, to the secretary
ot the said company, at his office in
the Marelia Building on Summit
street, in Jackson, Amador county,
California.
Any stock upon which this assess-
ment shall remain unpaid on the 4th
day of July, 1906 will be declared
delinquent, and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment is
made before, will be sold on Monday,
the 6th day of August, 1906, to pay the
delinquent assessment, together with
the cost ot advertising and expenses
of sale.
By order of tha Board of Directors.
JAS. JA* WKIGHI', secretary.
Office in the Marelia Bulding on
Summit street, Jackson, Amador
county, California.
Notice to Stockholders.
Notice of special meeting of the
Stockholders of the Del Monte Mining
and Milling Company.
Notice is hereby given, that at a
meeting of the Board of Directors ot
the Del Monte M. and M. Co., (a
corporation) held on the 4th of June,
1906, by vote of all the directors pre-
sent, it was resolved that the capital-
ization of the said company be in-
creased from 100,000 shares of a par
value of $1 per share, to 400,000
shares of a par value of ?1 per share :
INow therefore, in accordance with
said resolution, notice is hereby
given, that a special meeting of the
stockholders ol said Del Monte M.
and M. Co., will be held at the office
of said company in the Marelia build-
ing in the city of Jackson, Cai., on
Monday, August 6th, 1906, at the hour
of 2 o'clock p. m. ot said day for the
purpose of determining whether, or
not the capitalization of said com-
pany shall be increased from 100,000
shares of a par value of SI per share,
to 400,000 shares of a par value of 51
per share.
At which time and place, all said
stockholders of said Del Monte M.
and M.Co.are requested to be present.
This notice shall be published in
the Amador Ledger a newspaper
published in the city of Jackson, the
place where the office of the company
is located, for at least 60 days before
the time of said meeting.
Uy order of the Board of Directors.
Dated this 4th day of June, 1906.
JAS. JAY VVKIGHT, secretary
Del Monte M. and M. Co., (a corpora-
tion. )
Notice is also given that the re-
gular annual stockholder's meeting
of said Del JNJonte M. and M. Co.,
will be held on Monday the 6th day of
August, 190G, at the principal place ot
business of the company, in the city
of Jackson, Amador county Cal., for
the purpose of electing directors.
Ledger and Chicago Week y luter-
ocean, both papers for one year, 82.50
in advance.
FONTENROSE & FONTENROSE
General Insurance Agents
..AND..
SEARCHERS OF RECORDS.
Fire, Life and Accidental Policies written in
the best of Local, Eastern and Foreign Com-
panies.
Title Searching and Abstracting a specialty.
General Conveyancing and Notarial work.
Court Commissioner of the Superior Court of
Amador county.
Office in Marelia Building,
nol7 COURT STREET, JACKSON.
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street. Jackson
Dealer in
*ilQieil WATCHES. CLOCKS JEWELRY^
AND SILVERWARE
*» . All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watches, Clocks and jewelry a
specialty.
Fine Sample Commercial
Rooms. Travelers House
Amador Hotel
— S. J. Peakck, Proprietor—
AMADOR CITY - - - -"CALIFORNIA
<••(£•
The most excellently appointed hostelry
in Amador County,
-HOT AND COLD BATHS-
A bar in connection supplied with the
choicest Wines, Liquors and Cigars.
112 RATES REASONABLE. '
L. OETTINQER 8. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutter Creek. Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
aad complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
i-on, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc.. which we will
sell at the LOWEST C.VSH PRICES.
I PROCURED AND DEFENDED. Send model, ■
■ drawing or fur expert search and free report
■ Free adrice, how to obtain patents, trade warh^ ■
■ copyrights, etc, IN ALL COUNTRIES. H
■ Business direct with Washington saves time, H
H money and often the patent. £|
■ - Patent and Infringement Practice Exclusively. I
H write or come to ua at Pi '
■ 023 Ninth Street, opp. United States Patent Offlu,|
B WASHINGTON. D. C. g
Ledger's Clubbing Rate
Ledger and Dally Call, one year.B 9
Ledger and Weekly Call one year 3
Ledger and Daily Chronicle, one
year _ 9
Ledger and Weekly Chronicle, i
one year ; . : 3
Ledger and Weekly Chicago In-
ter-Ocean . 2
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Maga-
zine, ono year ....';_ 2
Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
year, including free pattern 2
1 — : .
The above Rates are Strictly
Advance.
•••••••(••••••••••••••a*
• - — — GO TO THE
in II
• When Yon BREAD
Want Fresh -DItJIiAJJ
11.1 1. DHL PORTO I CO- PRO!.
• We also keep a large stock of Staple"
0 and Fancy
5 GROCERIES
8 Our Specialty— tT
• ' except Sna
*•••••••••••••••••••••••!
•••••••••••••••••••••1,,,
I UNITED STfITES MAIL
: Daily Stage Line
m Between Jackson, Pine Grove
• and Volcano.
• T. A. MARSINO - Proprietor
• Leaves Jackson daily at 5:30 p. m
■ Arrives at Pine Grove about 7:30 p. m '
» and at Volcano about 8:30 p m.
£ Makes connection with the stage leav-
s ins Volcano for Defender every Monday
2 Wednesday and Friday. '
• Leaves Volcano daily at 4a. m. ar-
• riving at Pine Grove at 5 a. m.'and
• Jackson at 7a. m.
1 • Makes through connection to or from
• San Francisco the same day.
• IScst service Id • Amador County.
• Prompt delivery of packages a
J specialty.
• Fare— Jackson to Volcano $1.50; Jack-
' son to Pine Grove $1 00. Round trip
• to Volcano $2.50. .
a Offices— Hotel, Jackson and
0 Postofflces Pine Grove and Volcano.
• . mars
FORD & COFEB
w "
PRACTICAL HORSESHOED
■ . ■ ■ ■ -
A MAIN STBEET, JACKSON fe,
% SEAB KATIOHAL HOTEL W
Particular attention paid to I^^irtßM
Stumbling, Over-reaching.. Croas-Firing, Qu
ter Cracks, and all Imperfections of the Fool
Buggy and Carriage Work Promi
.Iy Done.
Agents for Bubber Tire Buggies, also Ca
and other Vehicles, sold at Lowest C
Prices. See us before ordering elsewhere
ALL WOEK GTIABANTEED.
CHARGES SEASONABLE.
janl-tf TELEPHONE 4
5 DAILY STAGE LINE
• BETWEEN
• JACKSON and EL DORADO
• J. Stelner, Proprietor. ■
0 Leaves Jackson every morning at 7:30
9.a. m. arrives at Plymouth 10:30 a. m.
• Leaves Plymouth at Ip. m. ; arrives at
1 El Dorado sp. m.
J Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a.m.; arrives
• at Plymouth 11 a. m. Leaves Plymouth
• at 2p. m ; arrives in Jackson at 5 p. m.
5 Offices— Jackson. National Hotel ; Sut-
— ter Creek, American Exchange; Ama-
_ dor City, Amador Hotel; Dry town, Ex-
2 change; Plymouth, Forest House.
• Prompt delivery of packages.
• This line connects with passenger
» trains to and from Placerville.
• THROUGH FARE - - - - $2.50
• Fifty pounds of baggage free.
••••••••••••••••••••••••I
If You Want
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Rxihstaller'g
"Gilt Edge'
Steam Beei
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Mai
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. mya
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
in Imported and Domestic
Wines*Liqnors*Cigai
JACKSON CAL.
rvISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J.P. MA
XJ tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon. White Se:
and Private Cuvee Champagne: Morgan Hro
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries: Royal Wi
Company, Oporto, Port Wines: Duhos Frer<
Bordeaux. Clarets and Sauterncs ; CANADIA
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sons, Lil
I iteJ, WalkervilJe. Ontario, Canada: John
Kuvper & Zoon, Cotterdam, Gin; GilkaKue
mcl, from J. A, Gilka, Berlin: Bartbloom:
Brewery Company, Rochester, N. V,, Knicke
; bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinnes
: Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bro
1 London); Cantrell & Cocbranc, Belfast Ging
Ale; Naglee Brandy; Reimoorted Americi
Whiskies