Established November i, 1855.
y X-JXV W JL IjliO.
pAUOR & TABOR
Attorneys at Uw
Stoll Building. Sacramento, Cal.
Special attention given to applications for
mited States Mineral Patents and Land and
lining litigation.
JW. CALDWELL
- Attorney-at-Law
Jackson, Cal.
i tr"i practice in all courts of the State
DOCTORS.
1. I\ S. GOODMAN
Physician and Surgeon
SUTTER CBKEK, CAL.
leases of women and children a gpecialty.
j hours— l 2 toBp, m.; 7to 9 p.m.
;. T. D. M. QUINN
Physician and Surgeon
AMADOR CITY. CAL.
3 hours— 2 to i and 7toBp. m. Telephone
residence.
■
11. A. FARKEB LEWIS
Physician and Surgeon
ice:— Werner Building. . # . . • - CAL
EE. ENDICOTT, M. D.
Physician and Surgeon
JACKSON, CAL.
Jfflce: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times
pvR. E. V. TIFFANY
Physician and Surgeon
CAL.
)FFICB-Forrest House. Hodrs— B to 9 a. m.,
Rand 1 to 2 and 7toBp. m.
Telephone Main 41.
r\R, L,. E. PHILLIPS
-I'hyslcian and Surgeon
JACKSON CAL.
)FFICE-Weil & Renno Building. Residence,
north Main street, opposite California
Hotel.
Telephone No. 401.
pvR. A. M. GALL
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson. Cal
Office in Marelia building. Main Street
pvK. 11. N. FREIMAN
Physic-Ism and Surgeon
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Offio hours— l 2 to 2 and 7to 8:30 p. m.
pvR. J. 11. O'CONNOR
Physician and Surgeon
Formerly of Roosevelt Hospital and Vander-
jllt Clinic, New York City.
Office and residence opposite the Methodist
Church.
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
P. GKIFFIN,
Physician- and Surgeon.
VOLCANO, CAL.
Phone No Calls promptly answered
DENTISTS.
|-VU. C. A. lIEKRICK.
DENTIST
Jackson. Cal.
Jffice in Kay buiiQing. flours from 9a. m. to
HE*. 199
T\K. JOHN A. DELUCCIII
DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
3ffice Hocbs :— From 9 a.m. to 5 p. m
••••••••••«•••••••«••••••♦
pA. fflalatesta I
I j BAKERY : ]
■ SUTTER CREEK, CAL/ •
• BEST FAMILY GROCERIES 2
9 French and American Bread, Pies, •
■ Cakes, Cookies, etc. 2
* Wagon visits Jackson on Tuesday, J
S Thursday and Saturday of each week. a
J - sep2 0
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA. -
Boarding and Day School conducted by the Sis-
ters of Notre Dame (Namur). Founded in 185 C
The curiculum embraces all the branches of
a solid English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses In art. language and music.
For further information address
aplO-tf SISTER SUPERIOR.
J.GHIGLIERI&BRO.
Cosmopolitan Liquor Store
> [JACKSON GATE, CAL.
Dealers and Jobbers in foreign and domestic
WINES, LIQUORS & CIGARS
■
SELECTED stock of Imported Goods. Choice
California Wines, popular brands Eastern
and Domestic Beers ; special bottling.
Havana, Key West and New York Cigars.
Bourbon, Rye, Sweet and Sour Mash Whiskies
ol celebrated distilleries. ja2 ly
A. Vander Naillen School
(ESTABLISHED 1861)
Of Practical, Civil, Mining. Electrical and Me-
chanical Engineering, Surveying, Architec-
ture. Drawing. Assaying, Cyaniding and Metal-
lurgy complete.
113 Fulton Street, S»n Francisco.
Send for illustrated catalogue, free. dels ly
The Amador Ledger.
HELD BY THE
GOVERNMENT
Otho B. Senga
Copyright, 1905, by E. C. Parceils
John Pearson was distinctly annoyed,
lie would not have believed Eugenia
could be so unreasonable. It was bad
enough to lose. Havens, who was the
best stenographer he ever had, but
when he finally secured another who
could do satisfactory work, to have Eu
genia object because the girl was
young and pretty was enough to make
a man lose all patience.
lie strove to appease his fiancee's
wrath by pointing out how inferior in
beauty and grace the new stenographer
appeared to him in comparison with
herself. -He tried to appeal to her rea
son, her pride, for. faith In him, but to
little purpose.
"You need not trouble to call again
or to communicate with me until you
have discharged that girl," was the
ultimatum, and Fearsau went away,
angry and indignant, anathematizing
all women and their silly, unreasonable
jealousy.
Miss Anthony was not often unrea
sonable and had had little occasion for
jealousy. She hardly could have ' ex
plained it herself, but her annoyance
about the girl and her resentment to
ward her lover had begun when she
had asked the name of the new em
ployee and ' John had replied, "Anna
Darling." *j
The tiny flames had been fanned and
increased by every word of praise for
Miss Darling that the unconscious
Pearson had stupidly uttered until she
could bear it no ljuger. She magnified
his satisfaction with the girl's work
into love for the girl herself, and she
felt for the moment quite justified in
demanding her discharge.
But with the next day's light Miss
Anthony's good sense and love of fail
play reasserted itself. "How silly I
was," she thought.
She resolved to send him a little note
or a telephone message, but decided to
wait until evening. He was to take her
to the opera, and on the way she would
confess her unreasonableness.
The evening passed, and no John ami
no message to explain his absence. Ten
o'clock, 10:30! "I won't be foolish," sh-j
thought firmly. I'll call him up by
phone and tell him I want to say good
night."
She had often done this when it had
not been possible for John to come to
her. She smiled happily as she rang the
bell and called for the Pearson resi
dence. John lived with his brother, and
she knew the family had gone away.
She recognized the housekeeper's voice
in reply to her call, but her face fell at
the message. Mr. John had not been
home, and Mrs. Barnes could get no re
ply to frequent calls over the phone to
the office.
The next morning Miss Anthony
called Mrs. Barnes again, with similar
results. Mr. John did not come home,
and there was evidently no one at his
oflice.
Miss Anthony was essentially a wo
man of action. She dressed herself in a
most becoming street costume and a
half hour later was entering the great
office building on Congress street. Pear
son's office was closed, the door locked.
"He wasn't there all day yesterday,"
volunteered the elevator boy.
"But surely some one was," insisted
Miss Anthony. "The young lady" —
"She came in the morning, but went
away again immediately," he answered.
Miss Anthony was quick to resolve
and equally quick to execute. She con
sulted the directory and took a car for
Arlington. At the door of a neat little
cottage she paused. Yes, there was the
name. Darling, on the doorplate. What
could she say to the girl even if she
found her? Did she really expect to be
lieve that she and John — Then she lift
ed her head proudly. Was she going to
be silly again? Something had happen
ed to John, and Miss Darling might be
able to aid her in learning what it was.
When Miss Darling entered the room
Miss Anthony hardly could restrain the
impulse to take her in her arms, such
a pretty, timid looking little thing—
hardly more than a child. * Her eyes
were visibly red with weeping, and
when Miss Anthony asked her if she
had been at work the day before her
face colored painfully.
Miss Anthony explained enough of
the situation for Miss Darling to un
derstand the reason for her visit, and
then Miss Darling told her own story
hurriedly.
"I have been with Mr. Pearson nearly
a month and supposed my work was
entirely satisfactory. I went to work
yesterday morning as usual, but I had
hardly entered the office when the tele
phone bell rang. On answering it I
found it was Mr. Pearson speaking. He
said that he should require my services
no longer and would mail me a check
for two months' salary."
She paused, choking back 2 sob. Miss
Anthony blushed with shame and re
gret.
"I left Ihe office immediately, of
course. I cannot understand it, for I
was at work on some papers that Mr.
Pearson was very anxious to have fin
ished this week— work that another
stenographer could not well take up.
And" — she hesitated — "as yet I have
not received the check."
Miss Anthony spoke rapidly and with
decision. "Miss Darling, I am con
vinced that there is some mistake. I
know Mr. Pearson was satisfied with
your work."
"Do you think," asked Miss Darling
eagerly, "that it was not Mr. Pearson—
that it was a hoax?"
"I hardly know what to think," re
tnnieOt Miss Anthony evasively, "but I
am so sure that Mr. Pearson is Dleaseil
with your work and wishes to retain
you in his employ that I am going to
ask you to return to the office now
with me. Perhaps in some way wa
may learn something of him."
The two girls were standing before
Pearson's door, and Miss Darling was
searching in her handbag for her dupli
cate key when a young man approach
ed, saying courteously, "Were you look
ing for Mr. Pearson?"
"Yes," answered Miss Anthony quiet*
ly. "Can you tell me if he will be in
today?"
."I think not. There are several im
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY, CAT/IJfOIi:NIA, T HID AY. APRIL 27, I'JOG.
portaut cases before the grand jury
this term, and its sitting may last three
or four days more."
Miss Anthony recognized her inform
ant as a> young architect who had an
oflice In the same building.
"I -^db\not''; understand," she said.
"What* has Mr. Pearson got to do with
the grand jury ?"
■"Mr. Pearson was seized yesterday
by United States Marshal Brown to
serve." As Miss Anthony's face betok
ened no enlightenment, he" went on:
"When the grand jury was polled yes
terday therejtrere three absentees, and
in order to carry on the business it waa
necessary to fill those vacancies. Tha
absent men are sick, and it would
greatly retard the work of the govern
ment if the jury had to be adjourned
until they recovered."
Miss Anthony regained her poise.
"Would Mr. Pearson have to go If he
did not wish?" in stately surprise.
"Yes. Any citizen is liable to such
draft."
"But— but his own business?" Inter
posed Miss Darling.
! "Quite a secondary matter in the eyes
of tho law," replied the young man.
"And in such a case is no message
sent to the citizen's friends?" ques
tioned Miss Anthony.
"Certainly. If Mr. Pearson had any
clerk or secretary in his office the dep
uty marshal would likely notify that
person, and Mr. Pearson could send s
message to his family If he has one."
Miss Anthony and Miss Darling ex
changed glances. They knew that Mr.
Pearson had no family and at the time
of his unwelcome seizure he had no
clerk, and Miss Anthony knew why nc
message had been sent to her.
"And Mr. Pearson cannot come away.
He is— he is held there?"
"Held by the government," he replied
smilingly.
Miss Anthony thanked him courteous
ly, and he passed on.
Miss Darling unlocked the door, and
the two girls entered the office.
"Is the work Mr. Pearson wanted
done all stenographic work?" Miss An
thony asked.
"Not all. There are some abstracts to
be copied and"—
"I shall help you," with gentle deci
sion.
When the grand jury adjourned Unit
ed States Marshal Brown handed a
note to Juryman Pearson.
. "Miss Darling and I have your work
nearly done," read tho astonished Pear
son. "Please come to me as soon as
you are released. I think we had better
arrange matters so that if you are held
by the government again you will have
some one to wlwm a message must be
sent"
Removing; tlie Shatters.
An uptown man who may be desig
nated as Mr. Blank was asked by his
wife the other day to aid in removing
inside shutters from windows through
out the house so that they could be
washed. Being in a hurry, he asked
his better half to defer the matter un
til his return from the office. "I'll do
it myself," was her retort. "Don't,"
was Mr. B.s counsel as ho departed;
"women don't understand such work."
This of course only more firmly decid
ed Mrs. Blank to go ahead, and when
Blank returned that night he found
the shutters down, nis wife was nurs
ing several lacerated fingers, but she
wore a triumphant air. "The screw
driver slipped once or twice," she ex
plained in response to his inquiring
glance at her bandaged digits. "Screw
driver slipped!" repeated Mr. B. in a
dazed tone. "Great snakes, woman!
You don't mean to say you unscrewed
all the shutter hinges?" "Of course,"
said his wife complacently. "What
other way could I get the shutters
down?" For answer Blank lifted a
shutter and pulled the pin out of one
of the hinges, showing that the taking
down of each shutter only involved the
removal of two pins. When he figured
that there were ten pairs of shutters
and each pair required the driving of
sixteen screws to put them up he
swore while his wife wept.—Philadel
phia Record.
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
Some people are simply acting nat
ural when they are kicking.
Do the right thing by all of your
friends, and you haven't anything but
the core of the apple left.
People with real troubles do not care
as much for sympathy as they do to
have their trials as inconspicuous as
possible.
When a man says that he has not a
friend in the town where he lives you
can depend on it that the town is not
to blame.
Don't forget that your actions are
measured as critically all through life
as is the borrowed butter you return
to a neighbor.
With all due consideration- for the
sober second thought, we notice that
the longer we aim the more liable we
are to miss the mark.— Atchison Globe.
Fronde's Youthful Terrors.
Of the ycy.thful hardships endured
by James Anthony Froude a biogra
pher says: "Conceiving that the child
wanted spirit, Hurrell, his eider broth
er, once took him up by the heels and
stirred with his" head the mud at the
bottom of a stream. Another time he
threw him into deep water out of a
boat to make him manly. But he was
not satisfied by inspiring physical ter
ror. Invoking the aid of the preternat
ural, he taught his brother that the
hollow behind the house was haunted
by a monstrous and malevolent phan
tom", to which in the plenitude of his
imagination he gave the name of Pe
ningre. Gradually tho child discover
ed that Peningre was an illusion and
began to suspect that other ideas of
Hurrell's might be illusions too."
The FlyiiiK Lizard of Java.
The curious little animals kuown as
flying lizards (Draco volans) are only
found in Java, and their strange ap
pearance is supposed to have been the
origin of the dwgon of the mediaeval
eastern imagination.' The reptile is like
an ordinary lizard, but is provided with
folds of extensible skin which are
spread out by the long ribs and enable
the animal to glide through the air from
tree to tree in pursuit of the insects on
which it preys. When lying prone on
the mottled surface of a bough, it is
an excellent example of "protective re
semblance," as it is most difficult to bo
seen unless it moves.
Washington
Letter.
(From Our Regular Correspondent. )
Washington D. C, April 14. 1906.
While there is a temporary lull in
rate legislation, the marine commit
tee of the House is having its hands
full with the hearings on the ship sub
sidy bill. Tbero have been a number
ol prominent witnesses before the
committee since the hearings were
commenced last week. Former chief
constructor Bowles, ouce of the navy,
and now of the Fore KiverShip Build
ing Co., spoke in favor of the bill,
lie contradicted the testimony of Ed
wiu Cramp, saying that while there
was a difference between the price of
English and American steel in Ameri
can yards, steel was 25 to 30 per cent
cheaper in" English yards than it wSs
here. As American firms have at dfi
erent times in the past underbid Eng
lish firms in providing steel tor
English ships, it looks as though they
had been sellng fully a quarter cheap
er abroad than at home. But Mr Bow
les is no longer an officer or. the navy.
He is in the employ of a private ship
building firm, and he natuarlly wants
the ship subsidy bill passed.
There were a number of other wit
nesses and letters from interested ship
owners, saying that if the subsidy
were not granted all of the American-
Pacific lines would be forced to go out
of business. It was pointed out that
the English and Japanese lines en
gaged in the Pacillo trade received
large subsidies, amounting to several
hundred thousand dollars each, while
the most that any ot the American
lines received was 812,000 for carrying
the mails. As a matter of business,
it was urged, this carrying trade
ought to be saved to the United
States, and the only way of saving it
was by a subsidy. Nothing has yet
been done in the way of reporting
the bill, however, and it is a question
whether the speaker will ever give it
a chance on tho floor.
It is a matter oE some interest to all
the people of tho United States, and
especially to the people of tho west,
that tho president has injected himseli
into the fight against the illegal fenc
ing of grazing land on the public do
main. There has been a law formu
lated. by the secretary of agriculture,
with tho approval of a special commis
sion, for the leasing of grazing lands
to cattle owners in the west at a very
nominal price. The income from the
leases would pay for policing aud
seeding such parts of the range as
needed it aud improving the watering
places on which the cattle depend.
But so long as the fences that have
been illegally erected remain in place
it will of course be impossible for the
small cattle owners to take advantage
of the new law. The president, how
ever, has intimated his intention of
giving the big cattle owners a reason
able time, say sixty days, in which to
remove the fences that they have
erected in defiance of. law, at the end
of that time, if they refuse, to prose
cute them vigorously.
In line with the law which will
straighten out the fence tangle of the
west, it has been decided also to
amend the laws under which western
coal lands are being taken up. It has
been generally understood for a long
time that much fraud was indulged in
to get these lands, but no one had any
idea of the extent of the business till
the secretary ot the interior put tho
geological survey to work in conjunc
tion with the land office to find out
just where the western coal lauds
were, and what measures were uoce
ssary for thoir protection. 'Ihe sur
vey has now mapped roughly the lar
ger coal beds of the west, showing that
there are immense areas in Colorado,
Utah, Wyoming, Montana, Idaho, aud
New Mexico, where there are groat
coal measures, much of it lignite,
but some good bituminous and some
anthracite. Kailroads and private
companies have been taking this land
by the thousand acres as "agricultural
land" and paying for it at the rate
of 81.50 an acre, whereas it should
have gone a's mineral land at $20 an
acre at the lowest. The work of the
geological surrey has just balked one
steal of 81,500,000, though much of the
Throat Coughs
A tickling in the throat;
hoarseness at times; adeep •
breath irritates it; — these
are features of a throat
cough. They're very de-
ceptive and a cough mix-
ture won't cure them.
You want something that
will heal the inflamed
membranes, enrich the
blood and tone up the
system .-. .•. .-. .'.
Scot? s Emulsion
is just such a remedy.
It has wonderful healing
and nourishing power.
Removes the cause of
the cough and the whole
system is given new
strength and vigor .'. .\
Send for free sample
SCOTT & BOTVNE, chemists
4.0Q-4Tj Pearl Street, New York
JOC. and $i.oo. All druggists
land in tbe vicinity had already been
fraudulently taken ' up and worked
out. Now there is being a map pre
pared by county and township lines
showing ihe location of the coal lands
and these will in the future be saved
to the government with a saving to
the public that owns them of several
millions of dollars.
There has tioen a great scramble
among the "friends of labor" in the
government printing oHJce to keep the
printing of the patent oflice Gazette
from being let by' contract to some
outside bidder. This work 13 one of
the most useless on which tne govern
ment printing otHce is engaged, but
it furnishes a job for a great many
employees, and to have the printing
done by an outside firm at a saving
to the government would be regarded
by the printers aa little short of a
disaster.;'..) The patent oflice Gazette
is au immensely expensive publica
tion, and the illustrations are done
butsiti-ir^i-i oliice anyhow. It is of
use to a limited number of people
who are directly interested in the
patent business and the work ot the
oflice, but it is the bane of congress
men and state libraries who are forced
to accept it and give it shelf room.
It is quite possible, if the contract is
let outside the printing office that the
edition will be cut down to the num
ber of copies actually required, but
such a change would be a great blow
to tha worthy "prints" who have foi
many years made a good living get
ting it out.
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weekly for the Legder.
Voices of Fishes.— Regulating a
Great River's Flow.— Britain's Alti
tude.—Gas-Cooled Cars.— A D«iudl
ing Desert.-llair-Stimulating Rays.
—Electrically Made Barrels.— New
Theory of Deafness.— A Big Cake of
Ice.
The "talk of flahe3" is peculiar,
as Prof. T. VV. liridges a British
lecturer, showed the other day in
pointing out tho voluntary sounds ol
these creatures. Some part of the
bony skeleton is movnblo, and when
this is rubbed against aomo fixed part
of the skeleton the friction of the
rough surfaces sets up a sound. The
stickleback gives an illustration. In
other fish a murmuring pound is pro
duced by the pressure of air upon the
values ot the air-bladder. In. still
other fl3h there are two little flexible
spines, attrached to which is a
muscle whoso contraction causes the
spines to tap against the air-bladder,
and this produces a sound like the
roll of a drum.
The Sudd country, to the south of
Egypt, is a region of papyrus swamps
which has resulted from tho silting
up of an ancient lake, more than (i' 2
,-000 square miles in area, which once
received tho waters not only of the
Albert Nile, but also of the Blue Nile
and the Sobat. It is pioposed to cut
off this swamp area from the river
channel by a canal from Bor to .the
junction of the Sobat and tho Nile,
a distance of .200 miles. The summer
discharge ot the Upper Nile, about
COJ cubic meters pet second, would
thus bo passed on to Khartoum and
would increase the vulumne of the
stream at that season f>o per cent,
instead of being lost by evaporation
in the swamp. No storage works at
the equatorial lakes can give effective
regulation without this "cut off."
■ Of the 58,3-21 square miles of Eng
land and Wales, Miss Nora IC. Mac-
Munn- finds that i!G,482 are under 230
feet in elevation above the sea; 16,
3G5 are between 250 aud 500 feet; 10,
470 are between 500 and 1000 feet;
4U9H are between 1000 and 2000 feet;
300 are between 2000 and 3000 teet;
and i are more thau 3000 feet.
Refrigerator cars cooled by the ex
pansion and re-evaporation of a read
ily liquefied gas were tried last season
with good results on one of tbo iail
roads leading from Paris. .Evapora
tion was controlled by an automatic
thermostat. This consisted of a coil
ed tubo tilled with a volatile liquid
that expanded to a considerable de
gree on heating, and as this caused
the pressure to rise the coil was un
wound, and tho motion ot coiling and
uncoiling was made to move the
valves controlling the liquefied gas.
The thermostatic regulator was so
arranged as to be automatically
thrown out of gear or restoied to
working condition on the opening or
closing of the doors of ths car.
Theworthless area of the Sahara
Desert is proving smaller than has
been believed. Prof. E. F. (Jautier,
tho first explorer since IS2G to cross
from Algeria to the Niger, has lately
found in the Adrai plateau, 300 miles
from Uao on the Nigor, a wide dolt of
steppe having from six to twelve
inches ot rain a year, aud coveieJ
with ponds and grass. Evidenoea of
a large Stone Age population abound,
including weapons, grinding-stoues,
rock-drawings and craves. It appears
that the reigon must havo gradually
dried up, but that the desert con
ditions ate now disappearing and the
rain-belt is again extending more and
more to the north.
Ultra-violet light is claimed by
Prof. Kroumayer, a German experi
menter, to havo had remarkable effect
in the treatment of falling hair
aud baldness. In thirty-two cases
where every other remedy had failed
the light rays cured twenty-seven, and
not only the hair but in some cases
the eye-brows aud beard were restor
ed, although the trouble was mostly
of long standing.
THE RED FRONT
Jackson's Cheapest Dry Goods Store.
Spring is with you once again, and so is the Red Front with you, with a fine, big,
clean and up-to-date stock of goods, and they are prepared' to sell their matchless
values in merchandise at the lowest prices. Further items about our stock:
inp a yard, Fine Or- . Shoes. Shoes. Shoes. (T o for -Ladies'
11H, gandies regular We a i wa have something to say Oxford
pncelsc,fineforsum- about Shoes> We can tell the pub- Latest style Blucher
mer Suits and Waists. i ic wit h confidence that our large n . , , *+ .
; ■ stockcontains all the latest styles, Oxford, patent leather,
New Dry Goods. and we guarantee our prices the a regular $2.50 value.
Shirt Waists. " lowest - v
■$k Underwear 50c corset - 50c skirts. Big line of
Fancy Goods. Blue, black and drab, Ladies' white Under-
____ < ___ i^_______ Latest Styles. skirt, lace. or embroi- LACE CURTAINS,
dery trimmed; a big
Complete and up-to- value from 50c per pair and
date lines of 15c Aprons 15c Drawers. -.
Ladies' Gingham Ap- Misses' Muslin Draw- upwards
Men's HATS -rons, worth 20c, 22c, ers, strongly sewed, r
and o(Jc. good grade muslin. -
"•■ underwear s Clothing for Men an! Boys. teunks,
A big stock to choose from, neat SUITCASES,
SHIRTS up-to-date regular goods. valises
SHOES Men's Suits $7.50 and upwards telescopes,
Etc. Etc. Big lino of Black Suits. BASKETS.
Main street. The Red FfOnt Store. Opp, Globe Hotel
Siberian ice is reported by Midden
dorf to have an ordinary depth of 1.50
met9rs (five feet) to 1.80 meters,, never
exceeding 2.40 meters. In just com
pleted measurements on running
streams, Prof. Voickov has found a
thickness of 0.70 to 0.80 meters on the
Jenessei, 2 to 2.35 metors in the ex
treme north, and only 1.80 melers at
Verkhoyansk, one of the earth's cold
spots, in latitude 07 degrees.
Steel barrels are now welded by
electricity. At a factory at Uxbridge,
England, a rectangular sheet of steel
is rolled into cylindrical tbape, the
edges are trimmed by shearing, and
the quarter-inch- opening is closed by
rapidly melting into it strips of steel
two inches long and half an inch
wide. The sheet, is held by clamping
to an anvil, which serves as one pole
ot an electric circuit, a carbon rod in
a movable handle forming the otb.r.
For each head a flanged dish is driven
in, flange outward, a strip of steel is
clamped round trie joint on the inside
aud another on the outside, aud the
four thicknesses thus formed are
welded together by the arc A stamp
ed steel bung-hole is welded into a
hole punched for it. A product of
the factory, is its own chimney, njiich
is 50 feet high and 4 feet in diameter,
ami id formed of quarter-inch steel
plates with . electrically welded
horizontal and vertical joints. Elec
tricity is supplied, by ■ a continuous
current genorator, .with a capacity of
2100 amperes at 1)5 volts.
A new plan for improving the hear
ing is being tried in France. Action
of the drum of the ear, as is well
known, vibrates a .chain of three tiny
bones impinging upon a liquid,
which in turn excites some 21,000
minute hairs terminating the audi
tory nerve; and' deafness is usually
regarded as a disease of the drum or
the middle. ear. The idea of Dra.
Kocig, Marcel Natier and Rousselot
is that, unless distinct- external de
fect is shown, atrophy of the nerve
hairs is the cause ot impaired hear
ing. Each of the fibers responds to a
certain specific tone, ■ and by means
of the "tonometer," a apparatus
yielding a great variety, of tones
through the action of tuning forks
and a sounding-board, it is sought to
give exercise to as many nerve ends
as possible. This has seemed to
strengthen the responding nerve
flbers while others are gradually
aroused into activity.
The largest mass of ice on earth is
beyond the control of the Ice Trust.
It has been accumulating in Green
land for thousands of years, and the
immense block 13 supposed to average
a mile aud a half in thickness, its
area being about 000,000 miles.
Foreign Trade Three Billions. ;.
The Treasury bulletin of imports
and exports for February, corrected
to March 13, shows that the foreign
trade of the United States is now on
a basis of three billion dollars a year.
For the eight months of . the fiscal
year the imports wore 8799,92(5,525 and
the e.xpoits 81,198,310,309. . For the
twelve mouths ending with February
the imports were 81,188,410,070, the
exports 81,708,847,107. Comparisons
of the exports , in recent years
are astonishing. Only a short while
ago the country was marveling, at
the enormous gains made in 1900,
1901, 1902 1903 and 1904 over the
dreadful years of the second Cleve
land administration; yet the high
totals ot those years aio exceeded for
The children's friend — -
Mk Jayneis Tonic Vermifuge
Drives out blood impurities. Makes strong nerves and muscles.
s'^5 '^- — ■/bSs^^;*^ Gives tone, vitality and snap. ■=ja to n J ,
the twelve mouths just closed by
hundreds of millions.
In the period between 1892, the year
of Mr Cleveland's election to smash
the tariff, and 1897, the year when
McKinley became president, . there
was no time when the exports tor the
fiscal year surpassed 8870,000,000, and
for the fiscal twelve months of 1895
they were only §793,392,599. In 1897
they crossed the one billion mark,
and since the restoration of prosper
ity with the return to the Amercian
tariff system they have climbed until
they are now approaching the two
billion mark. In 1896 the total im
ports and exports of this country put
together were only 51,539,000,000, as
qgainst the exports alone for the
twelvemonths just closed of 81,700,
000,000, and the combined total for
both imports and exports of about
three billions.— New York "Press."
From Our Exchanges
A heart-rending accident occurred
in the forenoon of March 9 on the
works of the Union Construction com
pany. The result was the instant
death of Joseph . Woods ide, and the
loss of both eyes of a workman by the
name of George Kutles. Mr Woodside
was the overseer of a gang of blasters
on the road building works nf the
company. 'Che men had loaded and
fired eleven holes, and then retired out
of the wav to wait till the blasts ex
ploded. Only ten exploded, one shot
banging fire. Mr Woodside and one of
the men then returned to the blasts
and hunted up the missed shot. He
was stooping over to cut the fuse anew
so as to light it with a match, when
the blast exploded with . fiigntful
force, throwing his body nearly ten
feet into the air, and tearing away
nearly all of his face, and the left arm
to the socket. Death was instantan
eous. The fragments of the arm could
not be found. He was 36 yeas of age,
and leaves a wife and four children
residing in Valleoito. Woodside, his
wife and two of children were born in
Ireland.— Prospect
The Gulls of Great Salt Lake.
Students' in ornithology, the coun
try over,: are interested in the bird
life peculiar 'to Great Salt Lake.
When the Mormon pioneers, led by
Urigbam Young, arrived at Salt Lake
valley in 1847, they found the sea
gulls in possession, and it was the
gulls that swooped down on the grass
hoppers and saved the first crops from
destruction and the Latter Day Saints
from starvation a few ' months . later.
Hence it is that the sea-gull is a sacr
ed bird in Utah. The Mormons pray
ed fervently for succor in their
trouble and in answer to their
petitions the sea-gulls came and
gorged on the insects and did not
cease until the plague vanished. To
day whenever the farmer tarns a
furrow within fifteen or twenty miles
of the lake there will' be the gulls
looking for worms uutil it seems as
though the man and' team mast tread
on the more venturesome. They even
invade the suburbs of Salt Lake City
in search ot provender, and depraved
indeed would be the boy who stalked
them with his flipper. The sea-gull
in Utah' is immune. How they origi
nally came to take up their abode
upon Great Salt Lake has been sub
ject for many an animated debate on
the part of Utahans. Great Salt Lake
is about 880 miles distant from the
Five Cents Per Copy.
Pacific ocean while the Sierra Nevada
mountains and the - grim American
desert intervene. Oce thing Is cer
tain; they were the original settlers
and they were probably in Utah when
the big saline sea was an arm of the
ocean.— George R. Carpenter.
What a Party Is For.
Those who undertake to make party
operations a mere clash of personal
likes and dislikes, ambitions and
jealousies, lose sight entirely of tbo
larger facts in the domain of politics.
Natural leaders arise whose ex
ceptional usefulness to the principles
of a party given them, as long as they
are true to the right standard, an ex
tensive following and influence, but
the notion that any great party is to
be swayed by personal squabbling is
ridiculous. A party may be injured
by an indulgence of such foolishness,
but thereby loses sight of its mission
and opportunities. The number of
voters in this country is becoming so
vast that their judgment must be
reached by clearly defined aims in
public policies, and the feudal politi
cal chieftain and his clan have ceased
to be of much consequence in his
favorite role of disturber. Some of
the states have more than a million
voters, and it is vain to attempt to
lead them here and there by small,
egotistical quarrels they have no
desire nor time to think about. It is
only by machine ' politics, the game
of getting nominations tar removed
from the people, that the squabblers
find it worth while to pursue their
spitework.— St. Louis Democrat.
Thomas Brady Dead.
Friday afternoon Thomas Brady
was found in a dying condition lying
on the sidewalk in front of the
Willow Hotel lodging rooms in the
the rear of the hotel. Deputy Con
stable M. Sweaney immediately took
him to the County . Hospital in
Sonora, where he would receive pro
per care, but he waa too far gone for
medical aid to be of any use, and
about 4 o'clock Saturday morning he
died. He was a native of Sutter
Creek, Amador county, aged 40 years,
and was well known in Jamestown,
where he had made his headquarters
for the past five years, although he
had returned about three weeks ago
after quite a long absence.
A sister, Miss Margaret Brady, a
school teacher at Hauford, arrived
Monday and Joseph Brady, a brother,
reached Sonora from Nevada Tuesday
evening. The remains were embalm
ed by Harry .Burden to await the
arrival of relatives. The funeral was
held, this (Wednesday) afternoon,
interment in Catholic cemetery. —
Jamestown Magnet. -
. :The Oldest Tree in the. World.
The dragon tree of the Canary is
lands is believed to be the oldest
living vegetable organism, in the
world. The age of one tree in partic
ular, the once famous dragon tree of
Teneritfe, has usually been estimated
to be from 4000 to 6000 years, haviDg
thus an antiquity comparable with
that of the Pyramids. This wonder
of the plant world was 70 feet or more
in height, and survived intact nntil
the year 1819, when during a terrific
storm one of the large branches was
broken off. A similar storm in 1867
stripped the trunk of its remaining
branches and left it standing alone.THE AMADOR LEDGER
Published Fridays by
R.WEBB ..... Editor and Manager
SUBSCRIPTION RATES: ?« ;
Ono year (in advance $2 50
One year (If not in advance) 3 00
Six months 1 25
Three months ?. 75
One or more copies, each ' .?/ : 5
Legal advertising— per sqr.-lst insertion, tl.oo
Subsequent Insertions— per square-each . . 50
ENTP.KED AT TBE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS
SECOND-CLASS MATTER.
TIITC DADCD is kept on file at E.C.
1 ill J rArJCK DAKE'S Advertising
Agency, 124 Sansome St , San Francisco, Cali
fornia, where contracts for advertising can be
made for it
CITY OFFICIAL PAPER.
FRIDAY v APRIL 27,1906
The Great Fire.
The San Francisco disaster destroy
ed fully two-thirds of tbe city. Tbe
lo3S of life cannot, probably never
will be, correctly given. It is vari
ously estimated at from 500 to ten
times that number. Tbe financial
loss Is far more than two-thirds of the
property value, because the flames
swept . bare the business— wholesale
and retail— portion, where the costly
buildings stood, and where vast
stocks of merchandise were stored.
This loss is placed at from four hun
dred million dollars to double that
sum. It is two or three times tbe
loss entailed by the Chicago fire in
1871, and the area burned over is pro
portionately greater. There is no
longer any doubt about tbe rapid
restoration of the city. Other cities —
in the temporary eclipse of the
beautiful metropolis— are clamoring
for a share of the manufacturing
industries that made the bay city so
thriving. They will be transferred to
other points, but only until other
quarters can be provided in the
ruined districts. San Franoisco was,
considering its size, the wealthiest
city in tbe Union. Her banks are
full of coin. There never was a
period in her history when her
financial standing was better than at
the time of this tremendous visitation.
If any city in tbe world could recover
from such a blow, San Francisco can.
That she will . soon recover, and so
quickly that the transit from a heap
of ashes to a mightier mart of com
merce will astonish the world. To
tide over the financial crisis upon the
re-opening of the banks throughout
the state is the problem that presses
just now. The protraction of the
legal holidays from day to day shows
the seriousness of this question. A
loss of property so tremendous must
necessarily entail a rush to the banks.
People who have suffered, will draw
their savings from deposit banks as
a matter of business, to meet their
own needs. Even eliminating the
panic element, a draw upon tbe
money institutions is inevitable
If panic is added to this natural
withdrawal of funds— that is, the
masses will rush to the banks to get
money, not because they need it for
their own wants, but because they
prefer to have it in their own possess
ion, the danger will be augmented
ten-fold. It is this aspect of the case
that causes anxiety in money circles,
not only in San Fracnisco, but in
every city in the state.
At this time, above all others, let
the people face the crisis calmly. By
doing so they will be more likely to
ensure the safety of their accounts
than by demanding payment right
away merely to hoard it themselves.
Money is needed now in the channels
of trade, as it never was betore. It
is no time to withdraw it and bury it
in the ground or lock it up in private
drawers.
Next Monday is the last day for the
payment of the second instalment of
state and county taxes, without
being subject to the penalty of five
per cent for delinquency. Owing to
the disaster in San Franoisco, and
the scarcity of coin, the taxea have
been coming in very slowly this
week. A large amount still remains
unpaid. Checks are not taken in
payment in this crisis. The tax
collector could do no other than in
sist upon actual money at such a
time. And as the money is largely
locked up in the banks and not
comeatable the situation is hard all
round. A movement is started to
have the legislature, in special
session, meet and provido for post
poning the tax collection until the
end of the fiscal year, June 30, or at
least providing tor the remission of
the penalty for non-payment until
then, which would practically amount
to a postponement of tho tax col
lections. Doubtless some remedial
measurres will be taken, not only for
San brancisco, but also for the
balance of the state, which feels the
money tightness equally with the
afficted metropolis.
A Friend That Was a Friend.
Don't frown— look pleasant. -It
you are suffering from indigestion or
sour stomach, take Kodol dyspepsia
cure. Hon. Jake Moore, of Atlanta,
Ga., says: "1 suffered more than 20
years with indigestion. A friend re
commended Kodol. It relieved me
in one day and 1 now enjoy better
health than tor many years. Kodol
digests what you eat, relieves sour
stomach, gas on stomach, belching
ect. Sold by P. W. Ruhser.
Assessor's Notice.
" The county assessor hereby an
nounces that he will be at toe under
mentioned places, for the purposes
of assessment valuations for the cur
rent jear on the following dates.
Butter Creek— Commencing Mon
day. Apiil IC, and temainiug there up
to and including April 21.
• Amadur City— Commencing Mon
day, April Z3, and continuing there
all that week.
.). MAKCUANT,
Assessor of Amador county.
Ico cream at P. Cuneo'a to-morrow,
and every day thereafter.
Impure blood always shows
somewhere. If the skin, then
boils, pimples, rashes. If the
nerves, then neuralgia, nerv-
ousness, depression. If the
Sarsaparilla
stomach, then dyspepsia,
biliousness, loss of appetite.
Your doctor knows the
remedy, used for 60 years.
' Returning from tlio ('iilian war, I was a
perfect wreck. Jly blooil was bail, mul inj
liealth was gone. lint a few bottles of Ajer's
Sarsaparilht completely cured me."
11. 0. DouiiLuit, Scranton, I'a.
«I.M la bottle. j. c. ATBit CO.,
All druggists. *__ I.owell. Mass.
1 " ■ '"■ " ■ ior ■■■>••■■■■■■■■■»
Impure Blood
Aid the Sarsaparilla by keeping the
bowels regular with Ayer's Pills.
Protracted Holiday.
The governor has from day to day
extended the legal holiday, mainly do
doubt because of the financial situa
tion. Tbe chief magistrate has no
power to make the holiday other than
general, although tbe intent in this
emergency is to aid certain interests
in trying to avert a panic. The banks
and all moneyed institutions are
benefited by this period of business
suspension. It enaUes them to get
money from other parts to tide over
the rush when the opening day
arrives. Besides, this it is imposs
ible to get their vaults open and be
prepared to do business for some
time. Furthermore, the experience
in the Baltimore fire demonstrated
that it was dangerous to open the
vaults even as soon as the metal
thereof was sufficiently cool on the
outside to permit of handling. The
fervent heat imprisoned within, when
brought into contact with the atmos
phere ignited the valuable securities
and papers therein contained. From
this it may be weeks betore tbe San
Francisco bank vaults are opened.
Then again, it is desirable that
court processes be suspended, to pre
vent creditors jumping on their
debtors by undue haste with civil
actions to force collection of debts.
All these avenues of panic are guard
ed temporarily by the legal holiday.
And in order to accomplish these
worthy ends, the governor could do
no other than simply proclaim a
holiday from day to day. This how
ever, should not be abused by inter
ests that are far better kept running
than closed. Tbere is no reason for
instance, why schools should be
closed simply because of the declara
tion of a holiday. It may be, that
teachers cannot be compelled to
attend to their school duties in the
face of the executive proclaimation*;
and are entitled to their pay for the
period of idleness just, tho same as,
though the schools were running.
For school teachers to act on that
theory, however, is a gross unjustice
to the interests of the scholars, as
well a3 an imposition upon the tax
payers. Technical subterfuges will
not avail to avert popular condemna
tion of such a course. It is hoped,
that in Amador county at least the
schools will go right along with their
business regardless of the extension
of the holidays. Children are better
off in tbe schools attending to their
lessons than running tbe streets. It
comes with poor grace for any
educator, whether male or female per
suasion, to pretend to be deeply
devoted to their pupils, and at the
same time draw their salary for days
while the children through their
abuse of the legal holiday provision,
were kept out of the schools.
Grow Strong Again.
Nothing will relieve indigestion
that is not a thorough digestant.
Kodol Dyspepsia Cure digests what
you eat, and allows the stomach to
rest — recuperate—grow strong again.
A few doses of Kodol after meals will
soon restore the stomach and digestive
organs to a full performance of their
functions natnrally. Sold by P. W.
Rusher.
The lone Echo reached us in
abbreviated shape last week— two
pages instead of four. This was the
outcome of the fire in San Francisco,
the patent outside firm losing their
plant. We expect other county
cotemporaries "will come in like con
tracted form this week. Thn Ledger
is the only paper in the county that
does not depend on the patent outside
business. We have an insert that
reaches us from the east, but even
that part is partly printed in our own
office. Outside of the magazine sec
tion we use blank paper exclusively
in the Ledger office, and have stock
on hand to run nearly six months.
Not only that, but we have just re
ceived from the east a large supply of
job stock, such, as billheads letter
heads, envelops, and so forth, and
are prepared to turn out anything in
the printing line at short order, and
without any advance on rates hereto
fore charged.
For horse blankets and everything
in the saddle and harness line, see
Piccardo's tine stock on Water street.
When you wish the tineas flavored
coffees and teas, remember that W. J.
Nettle keeps only the best.
THERE IS NO ,fe
SLICKER LIKES
Forty years &§o and after "many years
of use on the eastern coast Tower'a
Waterproof Oiled Coats were introduced
in the West and were called -Slickers by
the pioneers and cowboys. This graphic
name has come into such general use' that
it i* frequently though wrongfully applied
to many substitutes. You want the genuine
fLook for the sign of the PisKand
the name T°wer on the buttons.
' MADI IN BLACK ANPYUI.OW AND
fIOLD BY REPRESENTATIVE TRADE
,__ • THE WORLD OVER. ,„
AriTOWER CO..MSTOM. MASS.; USA.
■ TOWtR CANADIAN CO, Iimim.TOEONIO. CAN.
THE ATVtAiX)It LEDGER: JACKSOK, CALIFOIIXIA, FRIDAY, '/ APRIL 27, 1906.
Through the Fire Disaster.
A former Jacksonite, G. A. Walten
spiel, gives the following account of
how he and his wife passed through
the oi deal of earthquake and tire,
in a letter received by W. H. Vela.
2032 Parker street, Berkeley,
April 23, 1906.
Friend Vela-You no doubt have heard
from others that we got through the
commotion safely, but we had a very
strenuous time. When the shock
began 1 jumped up and told Mrs W.
to stay in bed. As the shaking in
creased 1 ran to the front window to
sco the effect on the high buildings;
they stood. All J could see was
chimneys falling. I had to stand
bracing with legs apart to keep from
falling over. The shaking was in all
directions— sideways, with up and
down motion as well. As the house
was of frame I was not frightened.
After it quit shaking, I dressed and
went down stairs on the street to see
its effect. The streets were full of
people and debris. I went back and
bad a good breakfast of ham and eggs
before the gas gave out. As we were
up on the hill it lasted long enough
to cook, and that is all. Alter eating
1 lit- my pipe and took a walk. The
sight was awful, but as you got a
good descriptiun in the papers 1 will
omit it. Came back to the house and
reported, then went to the store; it
was a wreck inside, and some of the
heavy sand stone cornice had dropped
through the side walk into the labora
tory where we worked. We started to
work when another good .tremble
came, 'ihen 1 got cold feet and left.
Went home, and watched the fire
spreading over the city. We watched
block after block go down by tire and
giant powder. After lunch went
down town again as far as Kearney
and Post, up to Kearney to Bush, up
Bush to Dupont, to California and
home. The city was doomed by that
time. So we packed a few clothes
and food, and waited, and hoped it
would stop at Kearney, but it kept
creeping up until finally between 8
and 9p. m., it got to Dupont, and
we went up the hill to the Flood
mansion. Made four or rive trips until
we got all we. wanted, and more than
we saved. The hill was crowded. We
camped back of the Huntington house
on a tine lawn and rested. We had a
small basket with bread, two cans of
oysters, some crackers, some Jackson
salami we got for Easter from Cade
martorl, half a ham, fifteen eggs raw,
and a quart deminjobn of water. We
tried to eat, but lost ail appetite ex
cept for drinking,, but as no water
was to be had, we took only a small
swallow at a time. We thought we
would be safe on account of the large
lawns on Nob Hill, but the* fire wss
on three sides of us. We were order
ed out by the troops about 3 p. m.
Thursday. Bo we started to tramp to
Van Ness avenue. We oarried our
things a block leaving one of the
ladies to watch (there were seven in
our party, five grown people, cur
neighbors in the flat below), and the
men, three of us would go back fcr
another load. We worked that way
until we got to Van Ness and Filbert
which I considered perfeotly safe; no
houses near. It was then about 6a.
in. ■ We were about tired out, tried
to eat a little, and rested. 1 was for
either staying there or going to Fort
Mason, either was safe as subsequent
ly proved. But as we didn't know
bow long we would have to stay, we
finally decided to go to the Presidio.
I bailed a colored man who came
from that direction with a wagon,
and asked him how much to haul all
the stuff to the Presidio. He said
fifty cents, we would have paid 8a if
be had asked it. He got the job quick
before he changed his mind, we sent
the oldest man along as he was about
gone in tor the balance of the walk
to the Presidio. It was the longest
walk 1 have taken in years. I drank
some water on the way and filled my
jug again, water was very scarce,
when we got to the Presidio and got
our things under the trees 1 went to
look for water. 1 went to the hospital
kitchen, a cook gave us all we wanted
to drink, and also a five pound lard
can ot coffee, we gave him a cigar and
thanks, came back to the camp bad
breakfast, lunch and dinner all to
gether about 10 a. m., then had a
smoke while one of the men filled up
the bucket with water again at the
hospital, I guess that was the last
given out for the crowd came thicker
all the time so they locked the gates
to the kitchen. About Ip. m. they
gave out tents, so we went over and
got three tents and put them up. It
was hard work as the ground was
rocky; could not drive the pegs, but
we were not allowed to put them up
where we pleased. We finally got
moved at about 3p. m. We had to
watch the tents and poles so no one
swiped them. The cinders as large as
your hand came falling among the
tents. ( did not like it, but we were
all worn out. ' 1 thought my knees
and ankles were broken they pained
me so, but J walked over to the
hospital to get news about the water,
1 was told that the water would be
turned on at 7 p. m. That they were
very short of food I had better try
and get to Oakland. One of the
nurses tuld me that the government
tugs own transports would take us to
Folsom street wharf sowe could get to
the Oakland Ferry. 1 came back to
the camp and insisted in going
immediately, but all wanted to wait
until morning as they could not go a
step farther, just then a spring wagon
(two horses) came along with a load
of trunks from the city. We had him
hired before he got his load oB for
82.50, dirt cheap, as it was nearly a
mile. He took all the stuff and our
selves, seven. We got on the govern
ment tug Slocum, with our stuff and
it was the last load that was allowed
to take any baggage, so I was told.
After that the people bad to get on
with bare bands, as the baggage made
slow work loading and unloading.
As we sailed along the water front
we could see the fire working towards
North Beach end Telegraph hill. We
landed at Folsom street, and had
over five blocks south of - Market to
walk.- I started first with Mrs W.
and got as far as Howard waiting for
tbe balance. Made two trips with the
two loads, or three blocks for every
one. Tbe old man, Mr Keeney could
not get further than the wharf gate.
He fortunately struck an express for
31.50 to take his start to the ferry.
He picked up mine on the way. We
walked, got tickets, checked our
bundles, got into the ferry building,
which was dangerous, and got on the
Berkeley, and she was crowded. The
Keeneys insisted as we had stayed
together all through our troubles we
should share tbe welcome of their
friends in Berkeley, who were strang
ers to me. And such a welcome the
house was ours. It was then about
9 p.m.. April 19th. As we had saved
half a ham and our neighbors four
dozen eggs, ■we had ham eggs, coffee
and bread. Of course we washed off
two days' dirt, ashes,sand and cinders
first. We then had a peaceful emoke.
We were too tired to sleep, after
forty hours of wakefulness, but went
to bed and rested. The next day
our baggage came all safe. We left
quite a lot under a magnolia tree in
the Huutingtpn lawn, but 1 guess
that is all ashes like the bouse. We
lost all exenpt a few clothes, and a
blanket that we packed in a hamper
and flour sacks. We found a nftSe*
place opposite where we put up the
first night. Have a nice room, and
board at reasonable price. 1 have
made several trips to Oakland, met
U. G. D. S. and Breese; also quite
a few city people we got acquainted
with. Everybody is glad and lull of
joy to meet some one they knew in
the 'city. Oakland, Berkeley, Ale
meda and every other town near and
far is doing all they can. Neither pen
or tongue can describe tbe condition
and scenes here or across tbe bay.
No newspaper man has so far been
able to describe it. Everybody is in
a highly wrought nervous condition. I
believe all more or less have not had
a good night's sleep since. 1 have
not. I was not scared one moment,
but j get fire nightmares and work in
my dreams.
To-day Mrs. W. and other ladies
have been doing Red Cross work,
making up clothes for the refugees,
most of them with little clothing,
and no money. Money is not needed,
food clothing and shelter from the
rains and wind. Medicines are giving
out also, and the U. S. G. has or will
take charge of all coming this way,
and it is well it does.
As there is nothing personal in this
you can let any of our friends read
it, I can't write what we went
through to all of them, and 1 know
they would like to know. I will add
it took two days after I got here of
frequent drinking before 1 got all
the water 1 wanted, it was the dryest
spell 1 ever had. The weather was very
warm. Spiel.
A Chance For Satisfaction.
If you ever bought a box ot Witch
Hazel salve that failed to give satis
faction tbe chanoes are it did not
have the name "E. C. DeWitt & Co."
printed on the wrapper and pressed
in the box. The original DeWitt's
Witch Hazel salve never fails to give
satisfaction for burns, sores, boils,
tetter, cracked bands, etc Fur blind,
bleeding, itching and protruding
piles it affords almost immediate re
ilef. It stops the pain. Sold by F.
W. Rusher.
NOTES FROM AMADOR NUGGEI
Jno. Counehan had the misfortune
to have the end of his elbow taken
off on Monday last while oiling the
connter shaft of the compressor in
the mill at the Keystone. Dr. Frie
man attended the injured member
and John is taking a layoff for a few
days.
It's reported that the Fremont Con
solidated Mining Co., are to add sixty
additional stamps to their present
mill, which will make it a hundred
stamp mill.
On Tuesday murning, April 17, at
6 a. m. in Sutter Creek, Father Dor
mody, united in marriage Mr Toni
Lucbinetti and Miss Lena Artemi,
both of Amador City. S. C. Tuttle
and Miss Josephine Kattagliatta were
best man* and lady. After the cere
mony Mr and Mrs Luchiuetti left for
San Fraucise >, for a short visit with
friends and relatives.
The Italian accidentally shot in the
wrist, on Saturday tbe 11th instant,
in target practice, at the Oneta ranch,
on the "Old Wise Toll-road," has
been suffering considerable from the
wound, giving him no rest night or
day. After a careful examination, it
was decided to remove the bullet,
which was successfully performed
Wednesday afternoon at Sutter Creek.
Carl Noe, a young son of J. Noe,
was thrown from a -horse last week
and had his collar bone dislocated
end his arm broken. He was rendered
unconscious for some time after his
fall. lie is getting along nicely
although not yet able to be cut.
All kinds of harness from $15 up at
Pete Piccardo's.
Mining Stock For Sale.
7500 shares stock in Hanlow Mining
Company at 5 cents per share ' in
blocks of not less than 2500 shares.
Address box 316, Stockton, Cal.
Stomach
No appetite, loss of strength, nervous-
ness, headache, constipation, bad breath,
general debility, sour risings, and catarrh
of the stomach are all due to indigestion.
Kodol cures Indigestion. This new discov-
ery represents the natural juices of diges-
tion as they exist In a healthy stomach,
combined with tho greatest known tonio
and reconstructive properties. Kodol Dys-
pepsia Cure does not only cure indigestion
and dyspepsia, but this famous remedy
cures all stomach troubles by cleansing,
purifying, sweetening and strengthening
the mucous membranes lining the stomach.
Mr. S. S. Ball, of Ravenswood, W, Va., says —
I was troubled with sour stomach for twenty years.
Kodol cured me and ws are now using It In milk
for baby."
Kodol Digests What You Eat.
Bottles only. $1 .00 Size holding 2\{ times the trial
size, which sells for 50 cents.
Prepared by E. C. DoWITT & CO., CHICAGO.
Sold by F. W. Ruhser.
Have your cake, muffins, and tea bis-
cuit home-made. They will be fresher,
cleaner, more tasty and wholesome.
Royal Baking Powder helps the house
wife to produce at home, quickly and eco-
nomically, fine and tasty cake, the raised
hot-biscuit, puddings, the frosted layer-
cake, crisp cookies, crullers, crusts and
muffins, with which the ready-made food
found at the bake-shop or grocery does
not compare.
F> 1 • 1 ri i i i »
toyal is the greatest or bake-day helps.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO.. NEW YORK.
Hotel Arrivals.
Globe— Adrian Manley, Sacramento;
J Hamilton, Defender; John Grillo,
C Mchenize, Voloano; W H Wonder
ly, Sutter Creek;, F Huffman, Stock
ton; E W Kay, San Francisco; S
Harbinson, Sacramento; Chas Hag
berg, Defender; H Kirkpatrick, Elec
tra; E B Dennison, Pine Grove; A
Weil, J S Davis, Amador City; Bar
ney Levy, Mose Sohoen, San Fran
cisco; F M Farwell, Butte City; Ted
Fleming, Voloano; J M MoLaughlin,
H MoKellips, Jne Bressler, Electra;
Sadie Glenn, San Francisco; Stanley
Pearce, Amador City; W C Killings
worth, Folsom; Geo Bakovicb, John
Boccocevich, Joe Bakovich, Sutter
Creek; A Barlon, Bay State Mine; F
L Fisher, San Francicso J Jacobs and
wife, Los Angeles; C T Lagrave
Sacramento; Mr Joyce, Defender; O
M Atwood, Stockton; A S Flanders,
Mokelumne Hill; L Bayson, Valley
Springs.
National— Geo A Simpson, Detroit;
A L Adams, lone; W H Burt, San
Francisco; M M Lesser, Oakland; A
CSpieis, Electra; R Greder, Stock
ton; FM Farenell, Butte City; Ben
Fisher, San Francisco; Mrs «J D
SValker, Geo 1 Wright, Del Monte
mine; J Giannini, Volcano; Will
Marchand and wife, Defender; W A
Robinson, San Francisco; Geo R
Murchie, Pine Grove; H Hake, Vol
cano; Mr and Mrs Rutledge, C C
Mathews, Herman Cramer, jr, and
wite, Sonora.
Don't Tie Yourself Up.
Dont' tie a cough or a cold up in
your system by taking a remedy that
binds tbe bowels. Take Kennedy's
Laxative Honey and Tar. It is
different from all other cough syrups,
it is better. . It opens the bowels —
expels all cold from the system, re
lieves coughs, colds, croup, whooping
cough, etc An ideal remedy for
young and old. Children like it.
Weddings.
Key. C. E. Winning of the Metho
dist church performed . two wedding
ceremonies yesterday. The first was
at tbe Fleming ranch, on the Pine
Grove road, where Miss Viola
Fleming was married to Mr Edward
I. Bamert of Wallace. Both bride
and groom are socially prominent in
Amador county, and the union is
looked upon as being a happy one.
Tney will reside near Wallace, where
the groom has extensive stock inter-
The second wedding occurred last
evening at the home of Mrs Jos.
Pbelps, on Water street, where Mr
Lucas Oettinger and Miss ' Lillian
Tibbitts were "united till death do
part them." The cermony was per
formed in the presence of a few" in
timate friends. Mr and Mrs Oettinger
will reside in Sutter Creek, where
they are held in deservedly high es
teem.
BORN. :-£
DUFKENE-ln Jackson, April 18,
190 C, to the wife of Al Dufrene, a
daughter.
ROBINSON -At Kennedy flat, April
20, 1906, to the wife of David Robin-
son, a daughter.
FKEBIANO— In Jackson, April 25,
1006, to the wife of J. Frebiano, a
daughter.
ALLour$3^£SHOESr« E E : !
Are NOW $3.15 by Mail i
The Largest Shoe House in :
the West. !
WS SEIX EVERY KIND OP SHOES <
" for Men, Women and Children, BY <
MAIL, and Guarantee a Perfect Fit and Sat- <
isfactiou throughout or refund the money. •
for Ladies'
wear. Patent colt vamp, tun metal kid top.
extension «pade sole, button style with high
slope toe. Also ia black Vici kid with pat-
ent leather tip-
Full line Miners' and Ranchers' Boots & Shoes
Rosenthal's, inc.
107-113 KEARNY ST.
San Francisco, Cal. '
. cant, « «-' — 5
Pionuei Flour always has been and
alill in the best
Notice of Assessment.
Jose Gulch Mining Company, a cor-
poration, duly organized and existing
under and by virtue of the law of the
state of Calitornia, having its office
and principal • place of business at
Butte Basin (Jackson post ollice),
Amador county, California, and its
property and works at tho same place.
Notice is hereby given that, at a
regular meeting of the Board of
Directors of tho Jose Uulch Mining
Company, held on the 4th day of
April 1906, an assessment of Hve (5)
cents per share was levied on tbe
subscribed capital stock of the above
named corporation, payable on or
before the 10th day of May, 1900, to
the secretary of the said corporation,
J. P. Little, at Butte, Basin, (Jackson
post oltioe), Amador county, Cali-
fornia.
Any stock on which this assessment
shall remain unpaid on the 10th day
of May, 190(5, will be delinquent and
will be advertised for sale at public
auction, ana unless payment is made
ot the assessment with accrued costs
before the 31st day of May, 190G, said
delinquent stock will be sold on tbat
day (May 31st, 190 C), to pay the de
linquent assessment together with
costs ot advertising and expenses
of sale.
J. P. LITTLE,
Secretary of the Jose Gulch Mining
Company.
Office at Butte Basin, (Jaelfson post
office), Amador county California.
.Certificate Co-Partnership.
State of California, \
County of Amador. J
We, Chas. E. Olver, and W. J.
Nettle, Jr., of the city of Jackson,
county of Amador, otate of California,
hereby certify, that we have formed
and entered into a partnership for
the purpose of carrying on a general
grocery, feed and provision business
in the City of Jackson, county of
Amador, State of California, tinder
the firm name and style of NETTLE &
OL.VKR.
This partnership was formed on the
31st day of March, 1906, and to com-
mence on the Ist day of April, 1906.
lv witness whereof we have here-
unto set our hands and seals this 2nd
day of April, 1906.
CHAS. E. OLVER. (Seal)
W. J. NETILE Jr. (Seal)
State of Calitornia, \
County of Amador. J 9
On this 2nd day of April, 1906,
before me Ella M. Conlon, a
Notary Public, in and for said county,
personally appeared Chas. E. Olver
and W. J. JNettle, Jr., to me known
to be the same persons whose names
are subscribed to the above foregoing
certificate, and each of them acknow-
ledged to me that he excuted the
same.
In witness whereof, 1 have hereunto
set my hand and affixed my official
seal at my office in said County of
Amador, the day and year last above
written.
ELLA M. CONLON,
Notary Publio, in and for Amador
County, State of California.
Endorsed— Filed April 3, 1906.
ap6-5t C. L. Culbert, Clerk.
»♦»♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦»♦»»♦
i!G.W.WELLERJ
; ; —DEALER IN— |
:: Stoves ;;
; ' Tinware |
|| Hardware !!
:; Crockery j;
;; Cutlery . j-j
|| Window Glass !>i
I -f-M- , ||
j; Tinning and Plumbing T
;: -e*K~ ". 2
I 1 Main Street *
|i JACKSON CAL. I|
i my|o (* I
: !
If you haven't a regular, healthy movement of the
bowels every day, you're ill or will bo. Keep your
bowels open, and be well* Force, In the shape ot
violent physic or pill poison, is dangerous. Tho
smoothest, easiest, most perfect way ot keeping I
tho bowels clear aud clean is to tako I
EAT 'EM LIKE CANDY
Tleasant, rnlntable. Potent, Tnslo Good, Do
Good, Nover Sicken, Weaken or Oripe; 10, 25 and ;
50 cents per box. Writo for f reo sample, and book- '
let on health. Address 433 I:
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. [
KEEP YOUa BLOCO 6LEAH
: i
Ledger & Chicago Inter-Ocean, s2.so j
UP-TO-DATE BUSINESS MEN.
El SHE Oi3^^^^ou v
[Fine Strawberries |
■ CAN BE HAD AT THE b
I cn ti/>J at 9
_ vdssinciii
■ TO MORROW. ■
m B E3 E3 E5 E3 E3 c 53 H H
|H -v~ DEALERS IN -** rfrrf
; | General Merchandise I
\ H ®®" Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, b§[
■II ts,m Boots ' Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining H
, fli Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay
j |§ Corner Main and Water St. te
: | JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA I .
i
. ••■•••••••••eQeflceoosceeosseaeaaeeeeseoeeoeocvtatacae
! • McCALL & -n- ¥ "■' fy-a • ... i
! (Bazaar Patterns || £ GIaVIIIOVICII ]
• LEADING GROCERY STORE \
5 8~~ Furnishing Goods, Boots, % •
X a Shoes, Toilet Articles, •
• f-i.%'. ■■ -r- • . 5
X E Hardware, Miners' Sup- •
9 R S
X i plies, Hay, Grain, Etc. •
X : •
, X Cor. Mam & Court Streets , ;
: JACKSON, - - CAL. \ BasaarPaller \
i I FINE ASSORTMENT OF —TEA AND COFFEE I
CENTRAL GROCERY HOUSE!
:< ; 0. E. Olver & Wm. J. Nettle, jr., Proprietors. I !
. < | " Fresh Groceries, Fruits, Vegetables. ! '
; ;. Fresh Fish every Thursday and Friday. < '
I ; North Main Street -^Jackson, Cal. ; ;
?♦♦»»»»♦♦♦♦*♦♦»»♦»♦♦*»»*»♦+♦+»♦+»»♦♦♦«»+«»»»<+<»+« +++; '
ISrOTTCIE Special Small Ads.
T Advertisements under this Lead, not exceed-
TT 1 — : ' _"jl __ . _ _ L D S 5 lines, will bo inserted at 50c per month, or
II I ylYn^lVDf C 5 cents cer lino, for less than one month.
\J 1 CIAgJCljr V/I 3. :
A LL kinds of Blanks for D. S. Land Filings—
' _v :■ 2i - Homestead, Timber and Mineral blanks—
I ' '- may be had at the ledger office ; also deeds
mortgages, mining locations, proof of labor
Office of the Tax Collector and other leßal blanks kept for sale
County of Amador, State of California, — : .
-^totice is iiereby givex to the Furnished Rooms to let: inquire at
_L> taxpayers of Amador county, tbat I. T. K. ImAobv nfflnn «"h»"°
NOBJIAN, Tax Collector of Amador county. OttlOO.
did on the 10th dny of October, 1905, receive = > .
from the County Auditor of Amador county the i? n . n nn i u-«i.u •. ■■   -
original assessment books for the year 1805, l° r hent— Webb baJ], suitable for
containing a list of tho persons assessed for lodges or small entertainments, by
real and personal property, and the amount of the day, week or month. Inauire at
State and County taxes due thereon for said Ledger Otlice 4U " B " .
That said taxes are now duo "and payable to ~ " -r-
fomia. . mortgages, promissory notes, etc.,
That the taxes on all personal property se- for sale; also mining signals on
cured by real property, and one half of the clnth graduation dinlnmis at tho
I taxes on all real property were due and payable fini™ diplomas, at the
lon the second Monday in October, l'JuS. and will meager Ottce.
i be delinquent on the last Monday in November ; ' -■
I next thereafter, at 6 o'clock p. m., and that un- r % pni'v rv\r> . .r,»r-n
i less paid prior thereto, fifteen per cent will be uaKUl'i.x I'OU I\£jNT. — Just below
I added to tho amount thereof, and if said one- Mt. Springs, Dear Kerr's [Station
I half be not paid before the last Monday in about in anrss nil im>lu« «,:..« t „ '
April next, at o o'clock p. m.au additional five „?? I acres, _all under wire fence,
I percent will added thereto. also n '**3 cross fences, VAV A acre Ot aspar-
| That the remaining one-half of tho taxes on agas, % acre logan berrie" °5 or 30
all real property will be payable on and after f rn i» traoa m. -,-,,.,-;■ _Lj '
i the flrst Monday in January next, and will be > , c!'e !' grapevines and some
I delinquent on the last Monday in April next strawberries. Plenty of free water. - -
thereafter, at « o'clock p. m., and that unless I'iUqnire at Dave Kerr's Station for--
folho^mounffnereof 0 PerCCQt ""' to tulther Particulars. ae 22-3 m.
That all taxes may be paid at the time the :
! payable! alment ' ™ bereia pro Tided ' 1? duo and .We make a specialty of printing all
I First instalment, one half real estate and all kinds of notca, receipts," Checks, etc.
personal propeity, due October loth, 19U3. Sonrl vnnr nrrlnro tn fV,o T
i First instalment, one half real estate and all bOna your or aors to the Ledger.
! personal property, delinquent November 2Ttb, —
! lU Second?nsTalmeu™ "one-half real estate.due FOX SALE- House and lot on Pitt"
January Jth loco. street, Jackson. Inquire of B. F.
I Second instalment, one half real estate, do- , n •..".,'..
I linquent April aflth. 190U, at 6 o'clock p. ra. Laylor, Jackson. mi?, '2m
I All the taxes may be paid in full at the time ; — ;
the first installment is due. i „,!„._ „„,* /-,i • • .t. -. - . .
Taxes not paid according to law will bode- meager ana Chicago Week y Inter-
linquent, and 15 per cent and 5 per cent and ocean, both papers for one year S2 50
other costs will oe added thereto. in advance.
Positively no Checks received for the Tiay- -^- . ' '->?■:
ment of taxes. NOTIPF fIF <\AI F
T. K. KOEHAN, U - W
I ocl3 Tax Collector of Amador County. XT t - . . ,
I Notice is hereby given, that 1 have
disposed of tho lease of the Union
siurvncii) r\tr>r n nr\r\ H °use, on Main street, Jackson,
AINLmtW Pli/CAKDI) together with tho furniture and other
personal effects contained therein, to
Freighter and Teamster *™»? $%ss££!
T i r, i -r. i March 28, 100 G.
Jacksou Gate Road. mar >»,_ IL FKANK SIMCiCII.
_ " .. . • „ .„. t ASSAYING 50 cts.
Freight hauled from Murtoll depot — ~™______ — ... ril , •
and Other points at lowest rates. AssoylngSOo. Spot cash for Gold, Amalgam,
All parties wanting freight from Precipitate, Rich Ore &c. Mail or ex-
■ Martell delivered promptly should
[ have the same addrossed in care of Pioneer Assaying Co.
A. Piccardo, aud send bills of lading
care Peter Piccardo, Water 5t.,. ; . Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
[ ;; sell (30 years established.) No students.Look Fresh
and Charming.
Use By-lo Violet Toilet Talcum
Powder, and look fresh and charm-
ing. It is very cooling and quieting
to the skin. The odor is a delicate
fragrance of fresh flowers, refined and
By-lo
Violet Toilet
Talcum Powder
is the very finest made. Price 25c.
CITY PHARMACY,
F. W. RUHSER,
JaCKSOII, V£Lli
TEMPERATURE AND RAINFALL
This table gives the highest and lowest tem
perature in Jackson (or each day, together with
the rainfall, as recorded by self-registering in
struments kept at the Ledger office:
I - a ij i i w
: -■■ - ■ jTemp g. ;; ITempi E
Date. ! oj| Date, \ \ a
f^Jfjj L i H -' 2
Aprill(o6).. 32! 555....!JAprU17 t06).j~45i~7ii~
2 34! 62 ....! ......T8.....1 44 73;"::
3 38] 65 ....! 19 1 44! 73:....
4 37! 66!....! 20 i 44! 82i ....
5, ! 39; 66! | 21 i 44! 82!....
« ! 40| 68:....; 22 ! 44: 86!....
7 44! 70i....| 23 |44!78:....
8 43| 74[. ...j 24 48:58! .48
9 44 70 .T.. 25 47^ 54: .12
10 48! 65! .97; 26 45^ 70!
11 ! fi 68! ; 27 421 ..! .61
12 ! 40! 72!. !: 28 i ..'... .
13 ! 44! TO! !! 29 ! ..!....
14 : 50; 77! i! 30 ! ...! !
15 ! 46! 7B! 1 31 1 ..! ..!.""
16 ! 45! 67! !; i i i
Total rainfall for season to date. . .30.64 lncbes
To corresponding period last season 29.34 "
I - a ij i i w
: -■■ - ■ jTemp g. ;; ITempi E
Date. ! oj| Date, \ \ a
f^Jfjj L i H -' 2
Aprill(o6).. 32! 555....!JAprU17 t06).j~45i~7ii~
2 34! 62 ....! ......T8.....1 44 73;"::
3 38] 65 ....! 19 1 44! 73:....
4 37! 66!....! 20 i 44! 82i ....
5, ! 39; 66! | 21 i 44! 82!....
« ! 40| 68:....; 22 ! 44: 86!....
7 44! 70i....| 23 |44!78:....
8 43| 74[. ...j 24 48:58! .48
9 44 70 .T.. 25 47^ 54: .12
10 48! 65! .97; 26 45^ 70!
11 ! fi 68! ; 27 421 ..! .61
12 ! 40! 72!. !: 28 i ..'... .
13 ! 44! TO! !! 29 ! ..!....
14 : 50; 77! i! 30 ! ...! !
15 ! 46! 7B! 1 31 1 ..! ..!.""
16 ! 45! 67! !; i i i
Total rainfall for season to date. . .30.64 lncbes
To corresponding period last season 29.34 "
LOCAL NEWS
J. P. Wilson. Dentist. Hours 9a.
a. to 5 p. in. Phone— Office, black
141: residence, Black 523; Jackson.
Frank Arata, in doing some work
with a pick in his gaiden caught the
implement in a clothes line, and
received a blow-in the head, inflict
ing a scalp wound which demanded
ittention by a surgeon. His injury
Miss belle Devan, who was in San
Francisco learning the millinery busi
ness, returned home Sunday evening.
Her brother W. E. Devan went to the
sity for the purpose of looking for
ner. The military authoiities put
aim to work for a time. Like thou
sands of others, he tailed to find the
Dne he was looking for. He got
back by way of Sacramento Mon
lay. ■
Some three hundred retugees from
;he late proud metropolis of the coast
-eachod A mad or county by train Sun
lay. Most of them had relations in
ome part of the county. Some fifty
ir sixty arrived in Jackson. Many of
hem were employed in San Francisco,
>ut their source of employment being
none, there was no other recourse
sxcept to get out to their friends in
;he country. The authorities are
listributing the stricken people in
;he country as fast as they can, and
n a very short time actual destitution
tnd want will be banished. A
lumber of those reaching here
brought bundles of clothing, some
wrapped in a sheet, some stuffed into
i pillow case. One woman had a bird
and cage; another the top of a sewing
nachine, lepresenting all the worldly
aelooginga they could save from the
levoucing element.
Get the weak spots In your old nar
iess patched at Pete Ficcardo's.
| Last' Friday, as - ex-congressman
baminetti and Geo Edwards were
Iriving to Jackson and had reached
he grade in Amador county, both
hafts in their buggy gave away simul
anoously, freeing the horse. Had it
tot been for the quick work of Mr
•jd wards in cramping the wheel, both
mggy and occupants would have
;one over the embankment. Mr
baminetti was almost drawn over the
lash -board by the sudden parting oi
he horse from the vehicle but regain
id his balance and escaped uninjured,
is did Mr Edwards, also. .Both men
ionsider themselves fortunate and are
loping that the next ' time, if there
s to be a "next time," they get into
uch a predicatment it will have just
uch a happy ending.— Calaveras
Chronicle.
.Pay your taxes, betore the last Mon
lay in April, and thereby avoid the
>enalty for delinquency.
Mrs Eudey, with her daughter Inez,
md son Frank, returned to Jackson
Sunday. Mrs Eudey was living out
in Market street beyond Valencia at
ne time of the shock, in the district
hat was not reached' by the flames.
'rank was under medical treatment-,
s he went for that purpose a couple
>t weeks ago. Miss Inez has been
ittending school. The disaster of the
ire and earthquake compelled them
o return. They expect to go to
elatives in Ogden in a few weeks.
Miss Loretta Moehan returned home
"Viday evening, after a long stay in
be city.
N. Axelrod, paid a short visit to re
atives in this city, after the great
alamity below, to let friends know
fciat his folks were unharmed. He
eft for Oakland, where his parents
eside, on Wednesday.
Miss Hilda Ciough and her mother
ame up from the city on Tuesday,
nd intend to remain here for some
ime. Miss Hilda is secretary for
"ode Commissioner, J. F. Davis,
/hose office with records waa destroy
d.
U. S. Gregory left Wednesday morn
ng for Oakland and San Francisco,
n a business trip.
Louis Schiemann, the piano tunar,
rill be in town May Ist. Head
uarters, National Hotel.
Max Ladar says his dwelling house
n the city was damaged by earth
uake to the extent of (500.
Additional Locals.
Between nine and ten o'clock Sun
day night the inmates of the Gar
barini Bros."} dwelling over the
machine shop were aroused by some
one walking about the premises. He
bad evidently got in by going through
the machine shop and by the rear
stairway. There was no difficulty in
getting in, as the doors were not look
ed. Henry Garbarini got up hearing
the calls of his mother, and there
upon the intruder took flight, slamm
ing the door with much foioe.
Whether he was bent on robbery, or a
wandering drunk is unknown. It is
believed that he knew about the
place, and was working toward the
safe, where valuables were kept.
J. Ladar and family, consisting of
wife and three children arrived in
Jackson early this week. He is a
brother of Max Ladar. He is a tailor
by trade, and will remain here for
several months anyway. They have
rented a house on Broadway, and
started housekeeping. X£.i
A curious feature, attributed to the
earthquake shock has occurred at the
Indian reservation. There has always
b«en a good stream of water on the
place, which made it a valuable tract
of land. It was sufficient to irrigate
with even in the dryest season. Last
week this spi ing suddenly increased
to fully double its former capacity.
Its outflow seems to have been per
manently augmented, and really adds
greatly to the value of the reservation
property.
Volcano did nobly toward subscrib
ing for the relief fund for the fire
sufferers. They contributed 3162.50,
sending the same to the Stockton
relief committee. * Every town in
the county responded liberally to the
call for relief either in supplies or
cash. .? :
Local items are very scarce this
week. There is nothing doing in the
court house and hall of records.
Business is stagnant, on account ot
the financial strugency, and the con
tinuation of the legal holidays. Our
readers must bear with ns nntil the
conditions get down to a normal basis
again.
S. Myers, the drygoods merchant,
received word that his married sister
in Russia, near the German frontier,
was burned out about two months
ago. She was keeping a store in a
small town. The fire was accidental.
Nathan, Joseph and S. Axelrod,
sons of S. Axelrod formerly of the
Red Front Store, came up last week
from Oakland, and are staying with
the family of Henry Weil. Wednes
day the two first named returned to
the city for the pnpose of inquiring
concerning the whereabouts and
safety of Henry Weil's two sons, who
were livinug with their aunt at 26tb
and Mission street. Mr Weil has
heard nothing about them since the
disaster, notwithstanding he has sent
repeated messages of inquiry.
Divine service will be held in St.
Augustine's church Snnday evening
next, on account of being the fifth
Sunday in the month. Services at
7:30 p. m. All are cordially invited
to attend.
A woman named Mrs E. James,
of the redlight district, died Monday.
The body, accompanied by her sister,
was forwarded to Oakland, the follow
ing day for interment.
Call and see the immense new stock
at Pete Piccardo'a.
Give us daily some good bread. Pio
neer is the best.
Max Ladar returned from his trip
to San Francisco Wednesday. ne
found bis family safe, and his resi
dence unhurt.
Louis Foppiana, aged 17, arrived
here this week from the bay, and
will remain with his folk?.
John Sonza and wife, nee Myrtle
Clark, came up early this week, and
are now stopping at South Jackson.
He was employed in a wholesale drug
store in San Francisco. They lived
on Natoma street and lost everything.
Peter Reichling, father of O. E.
Richling, came np from San Fran
cisco Wednesday, to spend a few days
in the quiet of Jackson, with his re
latives and friends.
Mr Turner, who has been clerk at
the store of W. E. Kent, on Broadway
for several years, has resigned his
position, the resignation to take effect
immediately.
Usual services at the Methodist
church next Sabbath at 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m. Rev. C. E. Winning pastor.
"Welcome to this house of God are
strangers and the poor."
CASTORIA.
Beam tho _^ Kind You Have Always Bought
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
Itching, blind, bleeding, protruding
piles. Duggists are authorized to
refund money if Pazo Ointment fails
to care In 6 to 14 days. 50c.
THE AMADOR LEDGER: JACKSON, CALIFORNIA, FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1906.
Jackson to the Front.
A mass meeting was called in tbis
city Saturday to take measures to
send relieve to the hundreds of thou
sands ot sufferers by the San Fran
cisco disaster. The meeting was
largely attended. Several committees
were appointed to solicit contri
butions either in the shape ot money,
or provisions. These committees
went around the same afternoon. Of,
course the people responded liberally
in snch a cause. Over $700 was con
tributed in cash, also an immense
stock of provisions and articles of
clothing. The committee spent some
of the money in buying goods such
as they thought would be needed. All
the afternoon the stores were poured
into the receiving plaoe in front of
Well's Fargo's express, and the same
night the same was taken by team to
the railroad depot; It filled alO foot
oar. It went off next morning. There
were eatables, mostly cooked, in
abundanoe. It was taken to Stockton
Sunday. -District Attorney C. P.
Violni, also .V. S. Garbarini, town
trustee, and J. S. Garbarini accom
pained the car to Stockton, with tho
intention of seeing it loaded on the
boat -for San Francisco. Reaching
Stockton there were scores of cars
ahead, and these had to be unloaded
before the Jackson load had' the right
of way. A Sonora relief car was also
there, but without any attendant.
So the Jackson committee went to
work and attended to the. unloading
of this as well as their own consign
ment. ' It first had to be loaded on a
barge, which thereupon took it to
the regular steamer out in the stream
some distance, as a sandbar prevented
the steamer from going up to the
wharf as usual. The committee, ac
companied by a corp of volunteers
from the sightseers congregated at the
landing, went with the barge, and un
loaded the freight on the steamer.
It started on its way to the city at 4
o'clock that afternoon, and expected
to reach its destination in from seven
to twelve hoars. It was consigned to
the relief committee at San Fran
cisco. Committees are still at work
gathering relief stores.
Frank H. Duden, secretary-trea
surer, of relief committee, gives the
following financial statement:
Cash donations received - - $808.00
Cash pledged not paid - - - 190.00
Total $998.00
In addition to the above lists have
been circulated at each of the mines
—none of which have reported sum
collected. Next week the subscrip
tion list will be published in full as
well as the entire amount ot disburse
ments.
Blasted in the Kennedy.
Monday last two Italian miners,
named Joseph and Serafino Garbarino,
brothers, living at Jackson Gate,
were injured by the explosion ot a
missed or partly missed hole. They
were working on the 2700 level,
south stope. A previous set of holes
had been fired, and it was noticed
that one of the holes had missed. . A
fuse was adiusted and this hole was
fired, and thereafter appeared all
right. The two men went to work
picking down the loosened rock,
when suddenly an explosion occurred,
blowing the debris in their faces,
arms and body. Joseph Garbarino
received the main force of the charge.
It was evidently not a full charge
that went off, for that would certainly
have killed both of them. As it was
only light material was thrown out,
with barely sufficient force to pene
trate the skin, about the face and
arms. Joseph's left eye suffered
severely. He was taken for treatment
to Sacramento Tuesday. It is believ
ed that his sight will be saved. The
other injuries are not considered
serious. Serafino was pitted about
the body, but nothing dangerous,
and be expects to resume work soon.
It ia believed that the accident
happened by a portion of the charge
in the missed hole failing to explode.
No possible precaution could have
avoided such a casualty.
Bean the The Kind You Have Always Bought
3%natme /^* . y/?,? i ,S>
of *^&S e 7)ff-&6JU/M
Back From Mexico.
John Eudey returned to Jackson
Sunday evening, after an experience
of several - months in mining in
Sonora, Mexico. He was employed in
the mill of Reina Delore Gold Mining
Co., a mining proposition started in
a new district some seven or eight
months ago. It is 70 miles from a
railroad. The ore assays $40 per ton,
and they tried to work it by mill
process, the net yield being about
$7— too low to- pay. It contains base
metals to such an extent that it
could not be worked at a profit.
Jerry Driscoll is working at the same
mine, and was there when Mr Eudey
left. He speaks of the condition in
that country as being so very differ
ent, that he is glad to get back to
Amador county. He came home by
way of Los Angeles, and met his
mother, brother and sister at Gait,
on their way home from the fire
stricken city of the bay.
Bad Indeed.
Losing flesh is indeed a bad sign.
Take Scott's Emulsion for it. For
weak indigestion, for defective nour
ishment, for consumption, take
Scott's Emulsion. It restores flesh
because it strikes to the cause of the
loss.
Arm Broken.
A serious accident befell Emerson
Herrick, the ten year old boy of Dr.
G. A. Herrick, on Sunday last. The
misfortune happened in this wise. He
was climbing on to the roof of the
dwelling to get at some pigeons, when
the ladder gave way, and he fell a
distance of from 15 to 20 feet. His
right arm at the wrist was badly
broken, both bones protruding. He
was advised to take the sufferer to a
hospital below for treatment. The
injury was attended to temporarily as
far us it was possible, and the doctor
left Monday morning with his son,
bound for Stockton to place him in
aonio hospital iv that city.
IOVERALLSW
or men mW
SHKNANDOAH VALLEY.
Stephen K. Davis and Miss Edith
M. Coster, both of Sacramento, were
married at nine o'clock last Saturday
morning at the home of the bride's
parents, Mr and Mrs A. J. Coster of
Plymouth. Only the near relatives
and a few close friends were present
at the ceremony, which was solemn
ized by the Rev. John Appleton of
the M. E. church. The bride, tall and
stately, was never lovelier than in
her exquisite gown of ivory white
crepe de chine over white taffeta silk,
her flowers were white carnations with
maiden hair ferns. Miss' P. Coster,
daintily gowned in pale blue silk
muslin and carrying a bouquet of
cream roses, attended her sister as
bridesmaid. The bridegroom had
the support of his brother James L.
Davis of Madera. During the wedd
ing breakfast, the small boys and tin
cans of the town, afforded an accom ■
paniment to the toasts that were
drank to the future happiness of the
young couple, and on their departure
to Latrobe they ran the gauntlet of
friends, who showered them with
congratulations and rice. The bride
groom is the eldest son of Mrs J. J.
Davis of Shenandoab, and bad spent
most of his life in the valley, but for
the past year had lived in Sacramento,
where he is connected with the Con
servative Life Insurance Company.
The bride is the eldest daughter of
Mr and Mrs A. J. Coster of Plymouth,
where she was born and reared, but
for the past three or four years had
been employed as a book-keeper in
Hale Bros, store in Sacramento.
Their honeymoon had been planned
to take in Ventura in "Native Son's
week" as Mr Davis was a delegate
from Plymouth parlor, but the dis
aster at San Francisco caused a
change and their destination has not
been decided. They will make their
home in Sacramento, where all good
wishes of their friends follow them.
James L. Davis of Madora, is visit
ing hia parents, Mr and Mrs J. J.
Davis this week.
Thos D. Davis came home from
Volcano last Friday evening, return
ing to his school on Monday.
\ Albert Seeley, who is employed on
the Davis ranch, lost a fine horse,
and narrowly escaped serious injuries
to himself last Sunday evening. He
bad been out on horseback during
the day, and on his return his horse
stumbled and fell, breaking its own
neck and pinning its rider beneath
the dead body. Fortunately it hap
pened so near the bouse that help
was at hand at once. Al was not
hurt beyond a badly bruised knee,
but feels the loss of hia pet very
sadly. The recent rains were of a de
cided benefit to the ranchers, who are
now pursuing their belated work with
renewed energy.
Mrs P. B. Demarest is the guest of
her niece, Mrs C. E. Smith of the
valley. Shan.
Has Stood the Test 25 Years.
The old, original Grove's Tasteless
Chill Tonic. You know what you are
'taking. It is iron and quinine in a
tasteless form. No cure no pay. 50c.
Notice.
All persons having any claims
against the undersigned at his lumber
yard, will be kind enough to present
them immediately, and if correct get
receipts for the same and thereby
confer a favor. All persons without
distinction, owing a bill at the same
lumber yard by coming forward
immediately and paying the same,
and getting receipts therefor, will
confer equally as great a favor.
The stock in yards cannot be kept
np unless parties pay for what they
buy. Short credits, and often turn
ing over capital in trade is conducive
to lower prices, and in the aggregate
more profits.
The above is not a joke, but a
simple business proposition and
please don't forget it, for it is necess
ary to make a change in the methods
of carriyng on the lumber busimss
in Jackson. Monthly settlements of
all bills will be the rule hereafter.
F. M. WHITMORE.
AMADOR.
Mr Walsh superintendent of the
Keystone mine, arrived from the city
Sunday evening.
Miss Grace Leonard, who was in
San Francisco during the dreadful
disaster, escaped to Oakland and is
now in this city with friends.
Mr Normington has disposed of his
place here, and is living in the
Peter's residence.
Dr Quinn returned last evening,
having gone below to look for re
latives after the disaster.
Rev. Appleton of Plymouth will
assist with the services at the M. E.
church Tuesday and Wednesday even
ings.
School was closed last Friday, it
having been declared a holiday.
Mr S. Baker of Oakdale, was the
guest of his son, the Rev. Baker, for
several days last week. 111. Lois.
Living indoors so much during the
winter months creates a sort of a
stuffy, want-of-ozone condition in the
blood and system generally. Clean
up and get ready for spring. Take a
few Early Risers. These famous little
pills cleanse the liver, stomach and
bowel and give the blood a chance to
purity itself. They relieve head
ache, sallow complexion, etc. Sold
by F. W. Rusher.
Card of Thanks.
We hereby extend our sincere thanks
to all friends who rendered aid and
assistance during the last sickness
and funeral rites of our beloved hus
band and rather, W. Trevaskis.
Mrs W. Trevaskis
and Family.
Personal Experiences.
Louis Scbiemnnn narrates his ex
perience in San Jose thus: I was in
San Jose the night of the earthquake.
The lodgingbouse I was in was luckily
only a two story brick building. The
noise was terrifying. I was thrown
from one end of the room to the other
like a ball, the door would not open.
At last the wall to the street in my
room tumbled out, but luckily roof
hung on. I climbed out that way.
Ihe scene on the street was awful,
Blled with debris of all kinds, and
then fire broke out in block on
Second street, between San Fernando
and Santa Clara, west side. Ihe most
of that burned. Not a brick building
in the whole town was intact. One
three story brick occupied was noth
ing but a small heap, so complete was
tho destruction; ten persons were
killed there.
Walter Folger has written to re
latives here, saying that he is work
ing at Agnews since the great shock,
that 150' were killed there. The pro
perty of Mrs Askey at San Jose was
damaged some, but was not in the
line of main disturbance. ' ■
Mrs Langhorst heard from her
sister, Mrs Spohn, who lived on
Union street, near Telegraph hill,
that they, got out safely, although
burned out. They went > over to re
latives in Oakland, and they will pro
bably come to Jackson for a whlie.
G. A. Waltenspiel and wife, are in
Oakland. They got burned out of
their home on Stockton street, and
the Lengfeldt pharmacy on Union
square, where Mr Waltenspiel was
employed, was destroyed.
Chris Marelia returned from San
Francisco Friday night. He lost all
the office furniture, and papers.
W. J. McGee, whose offlrfe was in
San Francisco Savings Union, on
California street, lost his library and
papers. He gives a graphio account
of the great disaster, and says that
the tales about the loss of lives are
greatly exaggerated; that the reports,
of the sinking of the ground, and
fissures and holes in the streets are
mainly the work of imagination.
Mrs O. E. Keichling and her sister
Miss Dailey, got home from San
Francisco Sunday night, having pass
ed through the dreadful experience of
the fire.
Chas Boro, who has been in the
barber business in San Francicso
acoompained by his- two younger
brothers, returned home Saturday
evening. He was living at a boarding
house kept by his aunt, Mrs Zianini,
r.t 1420 Montgomery street, between
Green and Vallejo. It was a three
story building. The earthquake
shook it badly, but aid not cause any
part of it to fall. After the shock he
went to the place where he worked
on Montgomery avenue, expecting
to go to work as usual. There was
great excitement in that quarter, but
not much destruction. In the narrow
streets where the fishermen were wont
to take their fish to market, such as
Merchant, Clay and Washington, the
buildings had collapsed, toppling
over on each other, and burning men
and auimals. People of the district
towards North Beach, although the
tire was raging in other quarters, be
lieved they were exempt from its
.ravages. A change of the wind
brought the greater destroyer down
upon them suddenly. This was
Thursday, and they had no time to
save anything. The sights that he
witnessed in the fleeing tens of
thousands, as well as the horrors of
the dead and dying, and the roar of
the flames will live in his memory
through life. The suffering from lack
of water and food lasted through
Wednesday and Thursday. The
people of the resident quarter were
not accustomed to keep a large stock
ot provisions on hand, mostly buying
for daily needs. Hence, when the
whole city full was suddenly thrown
upon their resources for food, the
stock was gone in short order, and
want and 'destitution stalked in all
their terrors. Boro left Friday even
ing at 6 o'clock. He traveled through
Market street, Mission Van Ness and
other parts after the flames had spent
their fury. lie will remain with his
parents in Jackson for some time to
come.
Judge Davis lost all his books and
olilce furniture in the great fire. His
residence is in the western addition,
beyond the fire limit, and was saved.
Most of the judge's law books are
kept in his Jackson office.
Among the refugees in Jackson from
the bay we notice E. Kevern and
wife, Alfonse Marre, Ernest Spagnoli,
b'rank Paramino, Cuneo, C. A. Free
man and wife, Chas Boro and two
brothers, Mrs Frank Simcich's sister
and son Nat.
Herman Cramer returned from the
city Wednesday, bringing the glad
news that be had finally succeeded
in finding his aged father alive and
unhurt. He had hunted through all
the refugee camps with no success,
tramping through the burned districts
as he thought thoroughly, and had
about given up the search. Tuesday
morning last he learned that there
was a strip ot frame shanties on
Folsom street untouched by the fire.
To this point be made his way, and
found a district one block wide and
four blocks long that had escaped
destruction. It was almost entirely
of frame buildings, with the Enter
prise foundry in the district. At a
placo near Folsom and Main bis father
was found safe and sound. He left
his lodgings soon after the earth
quake. Seeing fires in so many
places he concluded the city was
doomed. He took refugee in this
district, which by a strange freak of
the fire fiend passed through the
ordeal unscathed.
Vie Monterichard was burned out,
but all escaped injury. His son bad
to be carried to a place of safety on a
stretcher.
Jos Levy, formerly of Jackson, who
kept a barber shop near the city hall,
lost his office outfit, amounting to
several hundred dollars.
Miss Christina Rickert escaped un
hurt,
A rumor is current that Virginia
Araia, who lived in South Jackson
for many years, and left here for San
Francisco over six months ago, per
ished with her two children, in the
disaster. They were living at some
point south of Market. The report
cannot be traced to any more reliable
basis than floating rumor.. It is
hoped that it is not true. Mr 3 Dr.
Freiman of Sutter Creek, who was in
the city taking a course of training
as a nurse in one of the hospitals, is
also reported missing. The doctor
went down last week to try and ascer
tain the facts, with the result that
he failed to find her. It transpired
that she was engaged in the nursing
capacity for the sufferers, for several
daysj and is now with her husband in
Sutter Creek.
As an illustration of the extent to
which the county places are filling up
with refugees from the stricken cities
below, we are told that one family in
this county, located in the country,
has eleven sufferers to care for at the
ft ma ,*. ■ ■' : ' 1
H. M. Sherwood, who lives on the
ridge above Sutter Creek, on the Vol
cano road, has two sisters in Oakland.
The dwelling in whioh they lived was
built partly of frame and brick. The
brick wall fell outward from the
earthquake shock. They were un
hurt, but they have not recovered
from the nervous shock. They will
likely seek rest in Amador county.
Dr. Endicott returned from the
devasted city Sunday. He failed to
find his daughter Grace, but learned
that she was sate with friends at
Menlo Park. The stories started
about them making him "throw
brick," are a get-up. He escaped
that ordeal, by a slender margin. To
"throw brick," is the phraseology
used by the guards to impress the
onlookers. While the doctor was
traversing a street, two young fellows
came along, and the soldier on duty
accosted them. "Did you throw
bricks?" They imagined that he
meant burling brickbats for mischief,
and replied "No." "Get in line
then," and they had to obey, and
pile bricks from the debris. Some
from the country were kept at it for
eighteen hours, or more, in shifts of
six hours each. The doctor escaped
by dodging behind an ambulance
wagon that happened to come along
at the right moment.
Norman Andrews, son of Mrs C. H.
Crocker, about 14 years of age, lived
with his father in the center ot the
earthquake district. They were in
the basement. The upper part of the
building collapsed, and the two were
imprisoned by the debris, but un
harmed. They literally dug their
way out to freedom and escaped with
out injury.
Dr. Scholtz arrived in Jackson
Wednesday evening. He lost all his
office furniture and surgical instru
ments in the fire. He was located on
Powell street, near Market. He will
make a short stay here with bis re
latives, Mrs Barker and family, be
tore returning to the bay.
Among the pathetic features of the
Relief Committee's work is the assist
ing of persons from interior points
who have lost trace of relatives whose
homes were destroyed iv San Fran
cisco. One man from Jackson, Ama
dor county, whose family was in San
Francisco when the fire swept away
the house they lived in, was all but
distracted until transpoitation and a
landing m San Francisco was pro
cured for him that he might go there
and search for his loved ones.—Oak
land Enquirer.
Alex Eudey returned from a trip to
the burned city Wednesday night. He
found his wife and her mother, Mrs
14. J. Adams all safe in the unburned
Richmond district. He was impressed
to do a little street sweeping, the
same as about all the other visitors,
before leaving.
Dr. Gall is in Stockton, aud may
be expected home at any time. We
are informed that he is enjoying good
health, and will be prepared to re
sume his professional duties upon
bia return.
.' G. A. Shaver, who has worked in
Defender district, was thrown clean
out of his room by the earthquake
shock, and landed in the street in his
night clothes. He was not badly
hurt. He is now in Placerville.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tho >^r S/IT/7 ., sr -"
1 Big Stock Up-to-date Shoes i
111 1 he Best bhoes |
I at Reasonable Prices. |
I The Walk Over Shoe, I
I Utz & Dunn and E. P. Reed; |
| also the Napa Tan for Alen. |
| Sutter Creek SHOVES CaSK StOPC Amador Co ' |
Take Laxative Br@m© Quinine Tablets. (%£ £* ever y I
Seven Million boxes sold in post 12 months. TMs signature, DOX.2SC I
MINING NOTES.
Kennedy.— This mine has exper
ienced a heavy increase in the flow of
water during . the past week. At one
point fully two inches is pouring out,
supposed to come from an ore body
in the vicinity. It is encountered at
a point in one of the lower levels
where the east and west ledges form a
junction. The footwall vein in the
2700 level bus been opened, and four
feet of it is found to be of fair mill
ing quartz. Everything is running
satisfactorily at both mine and mill.
Fremont— This company is thinking
of increasing the milling capacity to
sixty stamps. They have 40 in opera
tion at present, and could give steady
occupation to 20 more. Beyond that
number, however, the company enter
tains no thought of going just now.
Blue Rock Shoot.
Under the management of Frank
Burgin, a blue rock shooting took
place at Meek's field, just beyond the
Zeila mine, on' Sunday afternoon. A
number of sporting men, embracing
several of the noted marksmen of the
county, assembled to participate" in
pastime. The shooting was principal
ly for practice. There were thirteen
participators, and 10 rounds, each
shooter having ten shots per round.
The highest scorn was made by Will
iam Hess, with 80 hits out of 90 shots.
The next best score was by Chez
Arditto, who broke 35 out of 50 shots.
Two pools were made up after the
practice shooting, with six contest
ants, each contributing' Sl. Chas.
Valvo won the first with a score of 8
out of 10; C. Dal Porta, carried off
the second pool with seven out of ten.
The affair was nicely managed, and
it is likely another shooting will be
held in the near future, if the necess
ary material can be had.
Does It Do Any Good?
- What good does it do you to eat if
your stomach fails to digest the food?
None. It does you harm — causes
belching, sour stomach, flatulence,
etc. When the stomach fails a little
Kodol dyspepsia cure after each meal
will digest what you eat and makes
the stomach sweet. Kodol is a thor
ough digestant and will afford relief
from any disorder due to imperfect
digestion or mal-assimilation. Sold
by F. W. Rusher.
Unclaimed Letters.
In Jackson post office April 20:
P. BuUiington, Avanzino Carmehno
(3), Battista Chiesa, Obrew Corovich.,
Daird Ehe, Marian Guinne, L. W.
Gillis, Girolamo Giozzioli, Hebert
Gervais, L. C. Hiner, Oscar Johan
son, Joye Karubic, H. W. Kruw,
Maria Signora, Bernardino Municim,
Nik Magazin, Mr and Mrs F. Manley,
T. Martignoni, Edith Nudi, Giorani,
Pozzebau, Jack Kattein, Guiseppo
Vaninetti.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tab
lets. All druggists refund the money
if it fails to cure. E. W. Grove's sig
nature is on each box. 25c.
Wedding Anniversary.
J. McCutcheon left for Woodland
Tuesday morning. His wife and
children have been there for several
weeks. Yesterday evening, they
celebrated the eleventh anniversary
of their marriage. A number of re
latives and friends were expected to
attend and participate in the festivi
ties. Mr McCutcheon is expected to
return this evening. His family will
probably return some time next
month.
CASTORIA.
Bears ths j$ Kind Yoii Have Always Bought
Signature fjf' , j// Y.^T-^^^
of t-^La&X /■£?&£&%£
Lemons, oranges, and bananas con-
itantly on hand at Nettle's Mkt.
1 %fl££EmWßßV* r I y%sSf\
j SATURDAY'S j
I \ SILL j
I ONE WEEK.!
j Starts Saturday, 21st. i
• ♦♦»»»♦♦♦ •
1 ORGANDIES I
\ WASH !
5 goods. :
* ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ •
: :
o Our entire stock of •
• summer dress goods S
• must go at prices never 2
• heard of before. Come •
• and get prices and buy •
2 you a summer dress. *
• .£ off regular price. »
2 ♦♦«»«♦♦♦ 2
| JACKSON |
| SHOE STORE, j
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that
contain Mercury
as mercury will surely destroy the
sense of smell and completely de-
range the whole system when entering
it through the mucous surfaces. Bach
articles should never be used except,
on prescriptions from reputable
physicians, as the damage they v/i'.l
do is ten fold to the good you can
possibly derive from them. Hall's
Catarrh Cure, manufactured by P.
J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, 0., contains
nu mercury, and is taken internally,
acting directly upon the blood and
mucous surfaces of the system. In
buying Hall's catarrh cure be sure
you get the genuine. It is taken in-
ternally and made in Toledo, Ohio,
by b'. J. Cheney &C. Testimonials
free. Sold by druggists. Price, 75c.
per bottle.
Take Hall's Family Fills for consti-
Pay-up Notice.
Old accounts due tho Union House
must be paid to frank Simcich, at
the Bridge Saloon, Jackson. apG It.„,.. .^^^J^^L.sus M For Infants and Children.
CiSTPRfI | The Kind You Have
Sl^^^^^^^s^i jl Alwbvs Bought
AVegefablePrcparalionforAs- if * O
similatingttieFoodandßegula- >i| g
ling the Stomachs and Dowels of J§ . JjAgrg th.6 w t
n :—^-r »■ 1 Signature X Au
Promotes Digcstion.Cheerfur- 8 M *J 1M
ness and Rest.Contains neither If _.p g Jf «If
Opium, Morphine nor>liiieral. M 01 ,#l\ *\ Lf
I*ot Narcotic. M
Jaxtpearoun-SAMUELPIICHER || •l.^V^'
flanpiat SatL- V- .:-' iia 1 Jf ■
4lx.Srnna ♦ I BBS I#l " _
a*xeiu&&t- J If M\ I
AniseSevtl*- I !M j> oH ft 111
tgS*" I ft LA* '"
Aperfecl Remedy forConslipa- II I H [V . UOG
Ron, Sour Stomach.Diarrhoea II XkV
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- ill i/* < P^m ft
ness and Loss OF SLEEP, jjj \J* I" 0 I UV U I
Facsimile Signature or fl
NEWYOHK. I I Hilly ICdIS
THI OEMTAUR COMPANY. HEW TOHK CITY.
PEOPLE'S SAVINGS RANK
OF SACRAMENTO.
Corner Fourth and J Sts.
Paid depositors for the year 1904-5, 4
percent on TERM DEPOSITS, 3 per cent
OD ORDINARY DEPOSITS .....
Accepts deposits in sums
from ONE DOLLAR and
upward.
Guaranteed Capital $410,000
Paid Up Capital and Reserve. . 350,500
Assets 2,000, 500
Send Draft, P. O. Order, or Wells-Fargo Order
and we will send pass book.
Money to Loan on Heal Estate — — i
WM. BECKMAN, PRES.
Geo. Vf. Lorenz, Cashier. sep3o
BANK OF AMR COUNTY
Incorporated November, 1895
Capital Stock : : : $50,000
President Alfonse Ginocchio
Vice-President S. G Spa»noli
Secretary and Cashier Frederick Eudey
BOARD OP DIRECTORS:
Alfonse Ginocchio, S. G.Spagnoli.'John Strohm,
Frederick Eudey and Alex Eudey of Jackson.
SAFE DEPOSIT.— Safe deposit boxes can be
rented from the Bank of Amador County at the
small expense of 35 cents a month, thereby se-
curing you against any possible loss from fire
or otherwise. Don't overlook this opportunity
of protecting your valuables.
SAVE MONEY— Patronize a home institu-
tion. Send money away through the Bank of
Amador County; you will save 10 per cent and
upward over postofflce or express. Money sent
to all parts of the United States and also all
parts of the world. We have the latest quota-
tions on foreign exchange.
SAVE MONEY— It doesn't cost anything to
deposit money in the Bank of Amador County
They receive deposits from $5 up. Commence
the new year by opening up a bank account. A
man or woman with a bank account has a
financial standing. Don't bury your money;
Then you die it can't be found and you are lia-
ble to be robbed while alive
/ VANDERPOOL \
111 1 HARNESS MAKE! I
f Plymouth, Cal. W
■\ Can Make or Repair your /I
/W HARNF99 lnan up-to-date work- IjA
\M lA n n C ° O manlike manner. U\
V|i He carries all kind of Harness and la/
m supplies in the line. Also, W
f Buggies, Carriages & Carts I
\ Carriage Trimming a specialty. ja22 J
SP Sk I B*9«
Our Monthly Priced Catalogue is full of great
big bargains in every department. It is issued
every month and mailed free. If you will read
it carefully every month you will find it a big
Savings Bank. Send a postal and we will mail
it to you. For a few days only on the return
of this advertisement we will send you our
Combination No. 53 for $7.75
50 lbs. Best Granulated Sugar— S. C. S.
fine white dry - ■ . . -91.00
1 dozen tins Assorted Table Fruit - - I . 50
1 full quart or two extra large bottles
Flavoring Extract, any flavor - - 1 . SO
10 lbs. finest Dried Prunes, Peaches or
Raisins ...... 1.00
10-lb. sack Graham or Rye Flour - 25
5 lbs. best S.C.S. Mocha and Java, roast
or ground Coffee, worth 40c. or over 1 . 50
4-Ib. box Assorted Crackers and Cakes,
latest and best, American Biscuit Co.,
fresh baked ------ .50
1 large bottle best Concentrated Bluing,
S.C.S. ---... .25
1 large bottle best Concentrated Ammo-
nia, S. C. S .25
The group, unchanged, for . $7.75
We deliver by team C. O. D.— if you live near
by or to Depot in S. F. if by freight.
SMITHS' CASH STORE, Inc.
25 Market St., SAN FRANCISCO
Hardware Catalogue mailed Free on Request
H PROCURED AND DEFENDED. S«idmode],B
B drawinsorpht>to.lorexpertsearchandfreereport.B
H Free advice, bow to obtain patents, trade marks, ■
■ "Wjlehts.etc., IN ALL COUNTRIES. Q
ft Business direct -with Washington saves time.H
|J money and often the patent. U
II Patent and Infringement Practice Exclusively. H
II Write or come to us at fj
■ 023 Hlnth Street, opp. United Statef Patent Ofle*.|
B WASHINGTON. P. C. I
GIFTS TO JOCKEYS.
Queer Keivnr.lH and Reminders That
Come to the Ridera.
One of the greatest of living jockeys
I 1&3 a most remarkable collection of
tributes from admirers, unknown and
otherwise. It contains, among other
strange things, pawn tickets, writs and
summonses contributed by unsuccess
ful backers of his mounts, talismans
of all kinds to bring him luck In his
races, sermons and tracts for his spir
itual welfare, recipes for all kinds of
ailments, from coughs to a tendency
to corpulence, forms for insuring
against accidents, offers of marriage,
accompanied by bundles of photo
graphs of would be wives, weighers'
.tickets and a pair of -wornout boots
with the legend: "All that is left of
them after walking from York to Lon
don. Backed all your mounts."
A few years ago, after his horse had
lost an important race, a well known
turfman went up to the jockey and
made him a formal and public pres
entation of a silver snuffbox, saying
that if he would look inside he would
see the kind of horse he ought to ride
iv future. The jockey opened the box
and found in It half a dozen fat snails.
It was the same satirical owner who
on another occasion presented his jock
ey with a sumptuous casket, which on
being opened disclosed a wooden spoon,
and to a third Jockey who had failed
to win an important race he handed
a pair of crutches bought from a beg
gar on the course.
When John Singleton, a clever jock
ey of nearly two centuries ago, first
won a race in Yorkshire the farmer
whose horse he had ridden to victory
was so delighted with his achievement
that he made him a present of a ewe,
whose offspring soon mustered a round
dozen, and really started the ex-shep
herd lad on his career as a jockey.
Singleton was very proud of and grate
ful for his singular fee.
In this respect he furnished a great
contrast to a well known jockey who
when a check for $1,500 was handed to
him by the owner of a horse on which
he had won a race crumpled It up con
temptuously, with the remark that he
had "often received more for riding a
two-year-old."— Chicago News.
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
When a man is loaded you always
know It, but it's different with a gun.
Keep telling a boy he never will
amount to anything, and he generally
won't.
A six weeks' engagement will put a
lot of conceit into a man, but six min
utes of married life are sufficient ' to
take it out
It is wonderful how many have
watches considering how few there are
In the world to whom time really seems
to be of any value.
Perhaps a man's eyesight grows poor
er with the years as a merciful way
of preventing him from seeing his
wrinkles and gray hairs.
We suppose a man Is called "wo
man's protector" for the reason that
he protects her from others Imposing
upon her, preferring to do it all him
self.-Atchlson Globe.
Fraisine the Lazy Man.
It must be admitted that some of
the best work that has lived has been
done by indolent men. This is espe
cially true as regards literature. The
finest description of a sunrise was
written by the poet Thomson in bed.
Coleridge was one of the most Indolent
of men, yet his work is, of its kind,
unapproached. One of the most im
portant Improvements in the steam en
glno was due to the indolence of James
Watt. Many other examples might be
quoted; but, as a general rule, it Is
fairly correct to say that work which
Is the outcome of meditation or pro
longed observation Is best .performed
by people whose natural indolence
makes them careless of the strife and
bustle In which an active temperament
would tend to Immerse them.— Pear-
I has stood the test 25 years. Average Arabia! Sales over One <md s Half Million 1
| Dottles. Does this record of merit appeal to you ? No Cure, No Pay. 50c. S
\. Enclosed with every bottle is a Ten Cent, package of Grove's Elcck Root. Liver Pills. 1
T3ICIIAKD WEIIH n_- *^
United States Commlssionc f " ' """ ■~~*«S^s^=«KSS»«s^:»:Si^:?^^
lliHli§i i AMADOR LEDGER & HTFEKLY WM IfWEi f
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up iV *■> ~ -,^-r-,-,^ T » .. „ J)
Agent for Phoenix Assurance Company of U — : g^ Kn PER YEAR -»~ )
London, and Washington Providence Fire In {( J-^-l^ v. J^^Jl- .. -m. II
rnsranccCompanies. jeSSM | t'iy.»«»>» -_- -^ -^- -^-i<%»<v^> ,_ r ,-,_,- , v ,, ___ -,_ r n- -_ 1 _- l n n,,. - ■)
THE AMADOU LEDGER; JACKSOfr, CALIFO^NI^, FItIIJAY. APRIL 27, 1906.
A THIMBLE OF GOLD
IT IS MADE OF METAL ALLOYED DOWK
TO FOURTEEN CARATS.
The ProceNa of Manufacture, From
the Ingots of Pure Gold Kreuli From
the Subtrcusury to tUe Flnishe*!
Shining Product.
Out of whatever part of the earth it
fcny originally have been dug, the gold
from which thimbles are made iv Phil
adelphia Avas bought at the United
States subtreasury in the city in tbo
form of snug little ingots, brick shaped
aud about two and a half inches long,
an inch and a quarter wide and about
an inch thick.
These little Ingots would be of a'con
venient size for paperweights. But
they would be rather heavy for such
use and probably too expensive for
most people, for each one contains, of
pure gold, 24 carats fine, metal of the
value of about $600.
Gold of this fineness would be much
too soft for thimbles, aud it is alloyed
down to 14 carats, In -which condi
tion It is rolled into sheets of suitable
thickness. In the first process of man
ufacture a sheet of this gold Is run
into a machine which cuts out of it a
disk in size sufficient to form a thim
ble, the same machine stamping this
disk also into the form of a straight
sided capsule with irregular edges.
Then the thimble blank goes into an
other machine, in which a die stamps it
into its conical shape. Out of this ma
chine it goes Into an annealing fur
nace for tempering and from that Into
an acid bath for cleaning and the re
moval of the fire coating.
Then the thimble is put into a lathe
to be turned down to ita final shape
and dimensions. It is dull colored
when it goes into the lathe, but at the
first touch of the keen edged cutting
tool it shows a glistening narrow band
of bright gold surface, which is widen
ed in a moment to cover the whole
length of the thimble as the skillful
worker shifts the tool along.
With repeated application of the tool
the operator brings the crown of the
thimble into its perfect form and cuts
down along the thimble's sides to bring
the walls of the thimble to the requi
site thickness, and he defines and fin
ishes the smooth band that runs around
the lower part of the thimble and
brings into relief the rounded rim that
encircles the thimble at ita opening at
once to give it a finishing ornamental
grace there and to stiffen It The glis
tening little gold shavings that he cuts
off in these various operations all fall
into a canvas trough suspended be
tween him and the bench upon which
stands the lathe.
With that last touch to its rim in this
stage of making the former, has grown
niarvelously more thimble-like in ap
pearance, but somehow it still lacks the
breath, so to speak, of thimble life; It
lacks yet the familiar Indentations in
its surface that serve to support the
needlo and to hold it in place. These
the thimble maker now proceeds to
make, and the making of these is nice
work indeed.
It is done with a tool called a knurle.
There is an end knurle and a side
knurle. An end knurle is simply a han
dle having set in it a tiny, thin revolv
ing wheel of steel, upon whose periph
ery is a continuous encircling row of
little bosses or knobs corresponding in
size to the indentations to be made.
The side knurle has In place of such a
wheel a little steel cylinder of a length
sufficient to cover that section of the
thimble that is to be Indented on its
sides, this cylinder having knobs all
over its surface, as the end knurle
wheel has around its edges, and turn
ing, like the wheel, on its axis.
The thimble in the lathe is turning
with 2,500 revolutions a minute, and it
seems as though the application to its
surface of any sort of tool with pro
tuberances on it must leave there only
a jangled and mixed up lot of irregular
marks. But now with the end knurlo
the thimble maker makes an Indenta
tion in the center of the top of the thim
ble, and then he proceeds rapidly and
with perfect certainty with the end
knurle to describe around that center
concentric rings of indentations, with
the indentations all perfectly made and
the rings all perfectly spaced, from the
center to the circumference of the top.
You may see him do this, but you
can't tell how he is able to do it. And
then with the side knurle he makes the
indentations in the sides of the thim
ble, making there as well, as he deftly
presses the tool against it, indentations
that run absolutely uniform and true
and that end at their lower edge in a
perfectly true encircling line.
It is astonishing and a pleasant thing
to see how it develops and comes to
itself with the making of these fa
miliar indentations, and now there re
mains to be done to it only the polish
ing inside and out and you have the
finished gold thimble.— Philadelphia
Press.
How Exclamations Originate.
"Halloo" and "hurrah," which are
among the exclamations In common
use, can be traced to curious origins.
The author of "The Queen's English"
tells us Umt the people of Camwood
forest, Leicestershire, when they wish
to hall any one at a distance call out
not "halloo," but "halloup." This, he
takes it, is a survival of the times
when one cried to another "A loup! A
loup!" or, as we should say, "A wolf!
A wolf!" "Hurrah," according to high
authority, is derived from the Slavonic
"huraj," "to paradise," a battle cry J
which voiced the prevailing belief that :
all soldiers who fell in the fight went j
straight up to paradise. — Pearson's ;
Weekly. I
la Bohemia courtships are abnormal
ly long. In that country engagement 1 !
frequently last from fifteen to twenty
years v *
The ne.n-.oii. <
I
'
'
i
Teacher— You've been a very good
boy for the last day or two, Bobbie.
I haven't seen you fighting with the
other boys or romping in the school
room. Bobble—Yes'm. I got a sU*J
neck.—Cleveland Leader.
READ AND YOU WILL LEARN
That tho leading medical writers and
teachers of all tho several schools of
practico endorse and recommend, in tho
strongest terms possible, each and "every
ingredient entering into tins composition
of Dr. I'iercc's (Joldon Mediral Discovery
for the cure of weak stomach, dyspepsia,,
catarrh of stomach, "liver complaint"
torpid l:\er, or biliousness, chronic bowel
affections, and all catarrhal diseases of
whatever region, name or nature. It is
also a specific remedy for all such chronic
or long standing cases of catarrhal affec-
tions and their resultants, as bronchial,
throat and luiir diseases (except consump-
tion) accompanied with severe coughs. It
is not so jrood for acute colds and coujjhs.
but for lingering, or chronic cases it is
especially efficacious in producing per-
fect cures. It contains Black Cherrybark.
Golden Seal root, liloodroot. Stone root.
Mandrake root and Queen's root — all of
which are highly praised as remedies for
all tho above mentioned affections hy such
eminent medical writers and teiu'.hers at
Prof. Bartholow, of Jeffersnn Mcd. Col-
lege; Prof. Hare, of the Univ. of Pa •
Prof. Fiiiley EUlngwood, 11. 1)., of Ben-
nett Med. College, Chicago ; Prof. Join
King, M. IX, late of Cincinnati ; Prof
John JI. Scudder, M. D.: late of Cincin-
nati ; Prof. Edwin Mi Halt 1 . M. D., o!
llahncmann Med. College, Chic;s<ro, am'
scores of others equally eminent ill theii
several schools, of practice.
Tho "Golden Medical Discovery" is the
only medicine put up for sale through
druggists for like purposes, that has am
such professional endorsement — wortf:
more than any number of ordinary testi-
monials. Open publicity of its formula
on the bottle wrapper is the best possiblr
guaranty of its merits. A glance, at this
published formula will show that "Golden
Medical Discovery" contains no poison-
ous or harmful agents and no alcohol—
chemically pure, triple-refined glycerinr
being used instead. Glycerine is entire!-,
unobjectionable and besides is a mp;"i
useful Ingredient in the cure of all stom-
ach as well as bronchial, throat and lunc
affections. • There is the hiKhest medica
authority for its use in all such cares
Tho "Discovery " is a concentrated give
eric extract of native, medicinal root.
and is safe aad reliable.
A booklet of extracts from eminent
medical authorities, endorsing its ingre-
dients mailed free on request. , Address
Dr. K. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
A STORM IN THE JUNGLE.
It Comes With a Hoar Like That of a
Giant Waterfall.
People who Lave never been iv a
jungle talk of the sky as a painter
talks of the horizon or a seafaring man
of the offing— as If when you wanted
to see it you only need use your eyes.
But In the jungle you don't see the
6ky— at least you only see a few scrag
gy patches of It overhead through the
openings in the twigs anil leave 3. Nei
ther do you feel the wind bolwing, nor
get burned or dazzled by the sun, nor
even see that luminary except by mo
mentary glimpses about midday, from
which it follows that a jungle man does
not usually pretend to be weatherwise.
If he does ho U even a greater hum
bug than the rest of the weather proph
ets. On the afternoon about which we
are speaking I remember setting forth
on my walk in the still glow of the
tropical calm and wondering rather at
the intense stillness of .the surrounding
forest. Then the air grew cooler and
the green of the foliage in front seemed
to deepen, and presently there was a
sound ns of a giant waterfall in the
distance. Waterfalls do not, however,
grow louder every second, whereas the
noise in front did so. Then there was
a loud, angry growl, as of a dozen
lions. A minute more and the whole
jungle began to roar as if fifty squad
rons of heavy cavalry were coming up
at a gallop. Then came a drop of rain
and a peal of thunder which seemed to
make the world stop.
Then the storm began. The sky
above darkened; the trees clattered;
the brushwood beneath hissed and bow
ed itself. A deluge of raindrops blot
ted out the narrow view. Down it
came, soaking through the densest
leaves under which one fled for refuge,
striking the grass and sand with mil
lions of dull thuds, dashing furiously
against the leaves as if they were so
many hostile shields, streaking the air
with innumerable perpendicular lines
and hurling itself down with the force
of bullets.
In such a downpour one may as well
walk and get wet as stand still aud get
wet. Unfortunately one did not know
where to walk to. The "circumbendi
bus system" presupposes the fact that
the wagon wheels and bullock tracks
can bo seen and noted, but when the
cart track is no longer a cart track, but
"all turned to rushing waters," such
tracks cannot be seen, and unless you
have a pocket compass you may as
well try to fiy as to get back to where
you came from. When ono reads of
travelers lost in the backwoods,- they
always steer by the sun— and probably
very badly— but when there is no sun
what are you to do?— Siam Press.
The Ice .of Greenland.
The largest mass of ice In the world
Is probably the one which fills up near
ly the whole of the interior of Green
land, where it has accumulated since
before the dawn of history. It is be
lieved to now form a block about GOO,
000 'square miles in area aud averag
ing a mile and a half in thickness. Ac
cording to these statistics, the lump of
ice is larger in volume than the whole
body of water in the Mediterranean,
and there is enough of it to cover the
whole of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland with a layer about
seven miles thick. If it were cut into
two convenient slabs and built up
equally upon the entire surface of
"gallant little Wales" it would form
a pile more than 120 miles high. There
is ice enough in Greenland to bury the
entire area of the United States a
quarter of a mile deep.— Loudon Globe.
A Dowry on Approval.
A curious custom prevails among
Itoumaniau peasants. When a Rou
manian girl is of a marriageable age,
all her trousseau, which has been care
fully woven, spun and embroidered by
her mother and herself, is placed in a
painted wooden box. When a young
man tliinks of asking to be allowed to
pay his attentions to the girl he is at
liberty at first to open the box, which
is always placed conveniently at hand,
and examine the trousseau. If the suit
or is satisfied with the quantity and
quality of the dowry ho makes a for
mal application for the girl's hand, but
if, oa the contrary, the trousseau does
not please him, he is quite at liberty to
retire.
OFFICER FBED C. KSIPP'S WIFE
of Sacramento successfully treated and cured
after failing in other quarters. Had been
suffering with liver and abdominal trouble
for years aad is now as well as she ever
was.
Following is her indorsement of Dr.
I. W. Jling'd treatment, in which no
operation was performed. Her cure
is entirely due to the eillcacions
remedies which this celebrated Chin
ese physician uses, and her friends
ate jubilant that she is again well,
following is her letter sent to the
doctor without solicitation :
"Sacramento, May 15, 1905.— 1 take
great pleasure in recommending Dr.
T. \V. Hiug to the public aa a reliable
physician. I was ill for about six
years with liver and abdominal
troubles, feeling miserable most of the
time. 1 tried doctor alter doctor in
Sacramento without deriving any
benefit. They advised an operation,
but finally the attack culminating in
appeudicitic, I consulted Dr. Hing,
at 725 J street, Sacramento, and am
glad to say that he entirely cured me
of all my ailments without an opera
tion. I now feel better than 1 have
been for years, and am telling others
where to go for safe and effective
treatment. ;•;■
(Signed). MKS J. L. KRIPP,
■ ■ 80C Q stroet.
SNAKES OF SARAWAK.
The Pythons Are Enormous and Feed
on Figs and Children.
In the Sarawak Gazette is an article
on the snakes of that part of Borneo.
Of the poisonous reptiles it says: "The
cobra (Xaja tripudians) is a -black
snake ■which raises its head to strike
when irritated, at the same time ex
panding the hood at either side of the
neck. It spits at intruders and hisses
like .a cat, whence it Is known as
"ular tedong puss;" in some parts, too,
as "tedong uiata harl." The word "te
doug" in Sarawak is apparently ap
plied to all large snakes which Malays
consider to be poisonous, and, as our
Malays are but ill acquainted with
these animals, quite a number of large
but harmless forms are designated by
this term. The hamadryad (Naja bun
garus) is a brown snake, considerably
bigger but rarer than the cobra. It is
rather shy, but when cornered, like
the cobra, it raises its head and ex
pands the hood before striking. Its
food is chielly other snakes.
"Less dangerous than these najas
are the vipers, of which the most
common species is the green viper,
which reaches a length of two feet or
more. The head Is large aud shaped
like an ace of spades. This creature is
a tree snake and very sluggish. The
'bnugarus' are of several species, one,
Buugarus faseiatus, of length up to
four feet, being black with yellow
rings. It i 3 called the 'ular buku tebu'
(sugar cane Joints) by natives. There
are also sea snakes of many species.
The tail of a sea snake U flattened
and oariike."
Sarawak has other snakes: "Of the
pythons there are two species. Py
thon reticulatus grows to an enor
mous size, over twenty feet. It is
very fond of pigs, but varies its diet
by various animals, including even
children. The oil of this snake is used
by Malays as an embrocation for
bruises. The other species of python,
Python curtus, is interesting in that
its ilesh tastes like that of fowl— at
least, so Dyaks say, aud they are au
thorities on snake flesh, for they eat
a number of the large snakes."
Diplomatically Pat.
"I am afraid you are absolutely gov
erned by your wife."
"Xo," answered Mr. Sleekton, who
had been reading the foreign news.
"I'm not absolutely governed by her,
but I must admit that 5 am very much
within her sphere of influence."—Wash
ington Star.
A Choice of Evils.
Landlady— Would you advise me to
send my daughter to a cooking school
or to a music school? Boarder (reflec
tively)— Well, I think I'd send her to a
cooking school. It may be more fatal
in its results, but it Isn't anything like
so noisy.
I Globe Hotelii
|" w If
; J NEW MANAGEMENT. •' '
I! MRS. ANNIE HURST... Prop'r 'j !
' ' it
;; Board and Lodging ;;
] I AT HEASONABLE RATES. \ |
1 ! Sample Rooms for Cornrner- ', I
! 1 cial Travelers. ! !
11 i >
<> All Stages stop at this hotel. < '
| JACKSON ...CAL. J:
$»»+»»♦»»*♦»**♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»»»!
Timber Land Act June 3, 1878.
NOTICE FOR PUSLICATION.
United States Laud Office, '
Sacramento, Cal.
November 21, 1906.
Notice is hereby given that in com-
pliance with the provisions of the act
of Congress of June 3, 1878, entitled
"An act lor tne sale of timber
Ibnds in the states of California,
Oregon, Nevada, aud Washiueton Ter-
ritory," as extendhd to all the Public
Lr.ud States by act of August i, 1892.
Silas iierry lleusou ot Pine Grove,
county of Amador, State ot California,
has tbis day tiled in this otHce his
sworn statement, No 1894, for the
purchase of the S EV 4 ' of S W J^ of
Section No 23 in township No 8 N,
range No 14 E, Al. U. M., and will offer
proof to show that the land sought is
more valuable for its timber or stone
than for agricultural purposes, and
to establish his claim to said land
before Kichard Webb, U. S. Com-
missioner, ar Jackson, Cal. on Fri-
day, tho 25th day of May, 190 G.
lie names as witnesses: Frank Wil-
liams, of Pine Grove, Amador county,
Cal., Ij. H. Cook, of Volcauo,Amador
couuty, Cal., A. Liversedge.. of Vol-
cauo, Amador county, Cal., A. Jones
of Pine Grove, Amador county, Cal.
Any and all persons claiming ad
versely the above-described lauds are
requested to Hie their claims in this
ollice on or before said 25th day of
May 190 G.
JOHN AKMSTKONG,
Kegister.
A w^^^s r^Mfl Ayer's Pills. Ayer's Pills. I
£k \/A|*C Ml IIC AVer'sA Y er ' s Pills - Kee P sa y' n e
Want your moustache or beard DIIPV IMfiHAM'Q IIYC
abeautifulbrownorrichblack? Use BrVjoMJ3JaoW.ii.Jlil
PIONEER FLOOR IS PERFECTION^
**1 m ad % F f om SELECTED WHEAT
ta Blended According to Our Own Formula
H Produclna Perfect Results and
Bread Divinely Fair and Feathery Light
In^w^Wniir^ 6 ' 8 T ° UCh an/
;•" " PIONEER FLOUR MILLS. SAGRJIIENTO •
• NOHTH MAIN STEEET JACKSOKi CAL •
j CITY MEAT MARKET, j
J ' GEO. L. THOMAS & CO. *
• Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, Hams, S
• V . Corned Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc, g
• At lowest market prices. - - - Orders promptly delivered. 2
504 Merchant's Exchange j^S93fek
>£->^^clll^^/^ Lumber Phone 59
Private Exchange 279 *^ Cedflf cUld
-^ 4fe- cx^^T-i^^^F^ Hcdwood
WE CIVE SPECIAL ATTENTION TO THE MINER'S REQUIREMENTS IN
MINING LUMBER AND TIMBER. Delivered to any destination desired.
I OVERLAND IMHIEDI
HJ Strictly first-class throughout, observation, dining and iff
H sleeping cars,' 5 UIIIII
I .I— ■AxlwlJn LJiXi\ll^\-'- jj
M Ogden, Salt Lake City, Denver, Omaha, Chicago, I
H Topeka, Kansas City, St." Louis and other points ■
|| Via the Southdrn Pacific and connections, thus §||
S Connecting at Chicago with the 18-hour trains to Hi
= New York City. • ■
I Convenient, Quick, Comfortable. I
I SOUTHERN PACIFIC. 1
1 JOHN C. STONE, I). P. A., Sacramento. H
Jfl!llllllB.!iliiJ;!Illili^!l]M
TO THE UNFORTUNATE
J»^~sgg|||||SL Tnis old reliable and
ftjffit^q fi^*^Oj ciall ? c in San Francis-
XomL ft c °stillcontinuestocure
iff fft iLiSf lti <St TTnlrn a " Sexual and Seminal
B^iiOHsij%!lEvjNH Diseases, such as Ghon-
tr^WLwSßTWiiSHkf *§ orrhea.Gleet. Stricture,
Sl^*WP^WTO^ Syphilis in all its forms
>%fvWtH»>'^ ° Diseilses ' Nervous
fv>li3il£iiilf^l^ Seminal Weakness, and
■iAN'wwswsßiSiiiSM Logg 0 , Mannoo( i tne
consequence of self abuse and excess produc-
ing the following symptoms: Sallow counte-
nance dark spots under the eyes, pain in the
head, ringing in the ears, loss of conßdence,
diffidence in approaching strangers, palpitation
of the heart, weakness of the limbs and back
loss of memory, pimples on the face, coughs
consumption, etc.
DR. GIBBON has practiced In San Francisco
over 40 years, and those troubled should not
fall to consult him and receive the benefit of
his great skill and experience. The doctor
cures when others fail. Try him. Cures guar-
anteed. Persons cured at home. Charges reas-
onable. Call or write
Dr. J. F. Gibbon, 829 Kearney street, San
Francisco. Cal.
G^ visit DR. JORDAN'S «>«>«*
fffgMuseum of Anatomy
I Wii BASSET SI. bet. Ctl ft 7ft, S.T.C&
¥ I fH*fi- Ihe LargestofltaUcdiDtlieWorU. •
I (flriffl 7a are continually aiMin; new ipedmeni.
IV,1 V, *"* If Chil- aad learn how wimih-rrulw you are made
«<H l! au '' oov t0 * vll ' < * ■ii'fcocae and disease. If you
\ U II suffer from any of the ills of men. come to the
ft Jjoldest Specialist oa the Pacific Coast, V
»B. JOBDtX-I'RITATF DISIUSE.I i
Consultation free and stHetlr priratc. Treatment pcrsbn. T
allyorby letter. «ifl»liil. is ihomu«hly eradicated A
from the crstem without usiog Mercury. w
i:vi:nv n.vv appMng to us will metre our \
Aonest opinion of his complaint. m
We will Guarantee a rOSITTTE CURE in eurycua \
we undertake, or forfeit Onn Thousand Dollars. A
Write for Book— I>hllo»O|>h.v of Marriage. W
mailed frck ( A valuable himk fur rum. ) \
DR. JORDANA C 0.,1051 Market St. S. F. #
A. H. KUHMIAN
Contractor and Builder
Will do work in any part of
Amador County. If "you want
to build, send a note to Jackson
Postoffico and I will call on you.
Estimates furnished without cost
on any kind of building-. Will
make plans and specifications for
f. NEW |
[National* Hotel :
M Jackson, Amador county, Cal. < ',
I 1I 1 F. A. VOORIIEIS/Proprietor | j
I Stage Office for all Points '<■ <
\ Lighted by electricity throughout <
| I Commodious Sample Rooms for ' i
\ Commercial Travelers. aulB i ' i
FONTENROSE & FONTENROSE
General Insurance Agents
SEARCHERS OF RECORDS.
Fire, Life and Accidental Policies written in
the best of Local, Eastern and Foreign Com-
panies. . .
Title Searching and Abstracting a specialty.
General Conveyancing and Notarial work. .
Court Commissioner of the Superior Court of
Amador county.
Office in Marelia Building,
nol7 COURT STREET, JACKSON.
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, Jackson
Dealer In
*IIERICII WATCHES. CLOCKS MIRY*
AND SILVERWARE
*» All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watches. Clocks and jewelry a
specialty.
Fine Sample Commercial
Rooms. Travelers House
Amador Hotel
— S. J. Pearce, Proprietor— •
AMADOR CITY - - - - CALIFORNIA
.<• * *
The most excellently appointed hostelry
In Amador County,
-HOT AND COLD BATHS-
A bar in connection supplied with the
choicest Wines, Liquors and Cigars.
Ui RATES REASONABLE.
L. OETTINOEB S. K. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
FoundrylMachine Shop
-/■■*.
Sutter Creek. Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
„ ■ latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers In Iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
aud complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
i-on, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc, which we will
sell at the LOWEST CASH PRICES.
♦♦*♦♦♦♦♦♦♦<»«<♦♦♦♦♦)«)«)♦♦♦♦♦
I FREE- I
;; Seed and Tree j:
CATALOGUE. !
♦ WRITE— X
\\ Trumbull & Beebe, j:
I \ Seedmen snd Nurserymen, \ '
f 419-421 SansomeSt., ♦
i , ml6-lm San Francisco. X
Ledger's Clubbing Rates
Ledger and Dally Call, one year. s 900
Ledger and Weekly Call one year 3 20
Ledger and Daily Chronicle, one
y ear 9 oo
Ledger and Weekly Chronicle,
one year 3
Ledger and Weekly Chicago In-
ter-Ocean 2 50
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Maga-
zine, ono year 2 75
Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
year.including free pattern 2 50
.
The above Rates arel Strictly In
? -GO TO THE ■
! ill 111
S ft! A BREAD i
| fl. DSL PORIO S CO- PRORS- 1
• We also keep^a large stock of Staple •
I GROCERIES £
• Our Specialty-Fresh ' „ J
• except Sun •
''••••••••••••••••••••••a*
••••••••••••••••••••1,,,,,
| UNITED STIITES MfllL I
: Daily Stage Line •
0 Between Jackson, Pine Grove S
• and Volcano. •
• T. A. MARSINO - Proprietor «
• Leaves Jackson dally at 5:30 p m •
• lyes . r a ' Kne Grove about 7:30 p. m.; •
• and at Volcano about 8:30 p.m. •
• . M ?. kes connection with the stage leav- 5
X r O and^X! reVery]Sonday ' •
• .1. 1 j eaTBS Volcano dally at 4a. m. ar- S
: Ja&atW™ " 5 "• m ' "* •
1 Sa^^nc&tneTa^ry. 100 '' 1010 S
• Heat service In Amador County. 2
• Prompt delivery of packages a •
J- specialty.- •
• FARB-Jackson to Volcano »1.50; Jack- •
• ?0V?? 0 V? "n* Grove 11.00. Round trip •
• to Volcano 14. 50. v •
c OFPiCEs-National Hotel, Jackson, and 2
0 Fostofflces Pine Grove and Volcano. 5
• mars 5
••••••••••••••••••••a*,,,*
FORD & COFER
PRACTICAL HORSESHOERS
jfi MAIN STSEET, JACXSOK 1^
<f| NEAB NATIONAL HOTEL ff~
Particular attention paid to Interfering
Stumbling, Over-reaching. Cross-Firing, Quac
ter Cracks, and all Imperfections of the Foot.
Buggy and Carriage Work Prompt-
. . ly Done.
•»- Agents for Buggies, Carts and other
vehicles at lowest prices.
AIL WOEK GUABANTEED. -"• *
CHARGES SEASONABLE,
janl-tf TELEPHONE 40X.
■••••••••••••••••••••••••a
5 DAILY STAGE LINE j
• BETWEEN •
• JACKSON and EL DORADO •
• J. Stelner, Proprietor. • "
0 Leaves Jackson every morning at 7:30 J
• a.m.: arrives at Plymouth 10:30 a.m. •
• Leaves Plymouth at Ip.m.; arrives at *
J El Dorado 5 p.m. •
2 Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a. m.; arrives 5
• at Plymouth 11 a. m. Leaves Plymouth ■ •
• at_2 p. m ; arrives in Jackson at sp. m. *
0 Offices— Jackson. National Hotel ;Sut- 5
. . ter Creek, American Exchange; Ama- J
s dor City, Amador Hotel ; Dry town. Ex- Z
0 change; Plymouth, Forest House. J
• Prompt delivery of packages. •
J This line connects with passenger *
• trains to and from Placerville. -_°- •
• THROUGH FARE - - • - $2.50 *
• ' Fifty pounds of baggage free. •
If You Want m
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Malt
'SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. my 29
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic
Wines4iquors*Cigars
JACKSON CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon. White Seal
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Bros,
'uerto de Santa Maria Sherries: Royal Wine
-ompany. Oporto, Port Wines: Dubos Freres
Jordeaux, Clarets and Sauternes; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ted, Walkerville. Ontario, Canada: John de
Kuyper & Zoon, Cotterdam, Gin; Gilka Kuem-
mel, from J. A, Gllka, Berlin; Barthloomay
Brewery Company, Rochester, N. V,, Knicker--
locker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness*
Stout and Bass' Ale (bottled by Read Bros.,
London); Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Ginger
Ale; Naglee Brandy; Reimported American.
VhlsKicN w; -,•.- .. «,-,,,^.. . .»: ;THE OLDEST PAPER
Has largest circulation
Best advertising medium
It pays the Business Man to
Advertise in the Ledger,
Magazine Section.
WHISTLES TOO NOISY.
WHAT! PHILANTHROPIST WOULD
PREVENT UNNECESSARY DIS-
TURBANCE OF SICK.
Irs. Isaac h. Rice, a Wealthy New
Y«rk«r» States that Half ef the
Vast Hubbub Raised, by Boat
Whistles Is [Useless. j
Mrs. Isaac L. Rice is one of the
ew rich and influential women of
few York who is constantly looking
fter the needs and comfort of those
ess fortunate in the awarding ot
he world's goods than herself.
(Mrs. Rice is a philanthropic woman
rho has never permitted. her wealth
nd comfortable surroundings to
ilind her to the want and suffering
round her and j has recently been
naking a strong effort to have at
east one nuisance abated — a nuisance
n one sense and a menace to many
ives. ■ • : .
This is the constant and, as Mrs.
tice declares, the j unnecessary blow
ng of whistles and signals in New
fork harbor. Night and day these
ar splitting whistles and eirens can
te heard for a distance of thirteen
nd a .half miles over, the city and
hrough. careful investigation Mrsl
Uce has found that hundreds, of In
alids in hospitals! and nervous wo
nen in homes v areldriven. almost to
Istraction-^J -~~^~~~~:'
From herTpalatialTh"ome\ fin . New
'ork'a most exclusive" resident section
-Riverside Drive — Mrs.* Rice has
one forth to investigate this and
cc if there were not some means by
fhich the sufferings of the poor ana
avalid people might be relieved.
She first took 1 her case to the au
horities in New York who told her
ny remedial measures were without
heir . jurisdiction and that she must
lake an appeal to Washington.
Leaving her handsome home in
lew York Mrs. Rice went to Washing
on and laid the matter before the
)epartment of Commerce and Labor.
>he told the officials of the depart
nent of the 14,000 6ick. people tn
few York whose suffering was made
wo fold by this unnecessary noise;
he told how nervous men and women
vere unable to get sleep because of
he continual, piercing shrieks of the
iver boats and she told them, too,
tow river men themselves had said
hat so many unnecessary signals in
lucedk collisions.
Mrs. Rice's fight was not against
he lawful signals but against the m
nimerable blasts that were sent out
is particular meanings to river men
md' their crews. ' Scows coming up
he | river would j begin blowing two
niles down and never cease until they,
cached •' their wharves. This was a
earning to their crews to make ready
o get out ,
For weeks and weeks Mrs. Rice
rorked to have all but necessary sig-
MRS. ISAAC L RICE
nals done away with and when she
finally took her plea to Washington
the investigation was apparently a
most thorough one but the Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor ruled
that the matter was one which came
under the jurisdiction of the state of
New York and not that of the Federal
Government.
This charitable and sympathetic
woman is still working earnestly for
the comfort of New York poor and suf
fering and Is gradually gathering to
gether her forces to bring the matter
to the notice of Congress. She believes
this can be done and is inllsting to her
support members of the New York de
legation that they, too, may take a
fcand in abating the nuisance.
Mrs.. Rice is an attractive woman,
always smartly gowned and givimg
Gal. 9. Newspaper. ■"• -4$
every evidence of having a goodly
chare of the world's best but beneath
It all is a heart which aches to see the
suffering around her and the unnec
essary, causa. "Wealth, comfort and
The Amador Ledger.
the means to Ut« ovt h*r Mfc fci oase
have taught Mrs. J»eo the happiness
which these can things bring and she
is doing everything in her power to
bring these same attributes into the
lives of New York unforunates whose
positions do not warrant a protest but
whose rest and comfort mean much, t
A SCARLET FEVER CURE.
Blg Success Claimed for Remedy
by Dr. Luhan. i
A new treatment . for scarlet fever
which, he says, has had a long series
of victories and no failures in its strug
gles with the disease for nearly eight
years, is now offered as alfree scien
tific contribution to the medical profes
sion by Dr. J. F. C. Luhan, of East
Seventy-second street, N. V., Noticing
that most deaths from the disease
were the result of paralysis of the
heart, he devised a treatment for the
blood and for the kidneys which pre
vents anaemla^-or destruction of the
red blood corpuscles — and also prevents
kidney complications.
The physician in speaking of his
treatment, said: '
"As to my treatment 'The germs of
scarlet fever diminish the red blood
corpuscles. . . Anaemia ' next sets in
through the poverty of the blood, and
paralysis of the heart ' follows. My
treatment is curative and eliminative.
In the first four days of the disease,
prescription No. 1 increases the iron
in the red blood without impairing
the function of the kidneys. The
ingredients of No. 1, and also another
substance, acts on the kidneys in such
a way as to cause the red corpuscles
which have been destroyed by the dis
ease germs to be eliminated from the
blood. . Often these dead corpuscles
cause congestion in the interior mech
anism of the kidneys, which turns into
Brighfa disease. The extra oxygen in
the blood prevents paralysis of the
heart, which Is due to the presence in
the blood of carbon monoxide.
"I always insist that, as soon as evi
dences of the disease appear, the pat
ient — usually the patient is a child —
be bathed in' warm water, and then
placed in lightest and best ventilated
room of its home. The medicine must
be purchased only of reliable druggists,
as it must be perfectly pure and con
tain no chemical likely to depress the
heart action. It must be kept in an
amber colored bottle; as it is affected
by the light While there are no pois
ons used in the preparations, the med
icine should be thrown away after the
patient is well and renewed when
needed again."
EqgUsh Woman Politician.
The considerable part which women
play in politics is well expressed by the
London Mail in an article upon the re
cent death of Lady Grey, wife of Sir
Edward Grey, Secretary of State for
Foreign 'Affairs. It 6aid in part:
iEven apart from her devotion to her
husband, she was the keenest possible
Liberal politician, though the daughter
of an old Tory squire, Major S. F. Wid
drington (whose ancestor is men
tioned in the ballad , of Chevy
Chase) and her personal popularity in
the Border Country was responsible for
much of its liberalism; For Sir Ed
ward she worked incessantly and bril
liantly, from his first political cam
paign, two months after his marriage
in 1885, down to the last battle, from
whose triumph she had been so trag
ically called away.
Lady Grey had a large desk at Fal
loden devoted to political papers, ans
wered many of Sir Edward's letters,
frequently took notes at his opponent's
meetings of points in the speeches
which she thought needed reply.
Lake Titicaca, Peru, is the highest
navigable lake in the world. It is to
be tapped to provide electric power for
the Peruvian railway and manufactur
ing plants. "
JACKSdN, AMADOR COUNTY. CAL.. APR 97 ' lonft
FAVORS FOUR-YEAR TERM.
BOURKE COCKRAN DECLARES IT
WILL INCREASE EEFICIENCT
OF THE HOUSE.
Under Present Two Years* Term,
He Says More Time is Spent in
Looking for Reflection than in
Law Making for the Nation.
Bourke Cockran, of New York, who
has introduced a constitutional amend
ment making the term of office of a
member of the House four years, in
stead of two years, as at present, be
lieves that such a change from exist
ing conditions would be all that is es
sential to. establish' the predominence
of the House over the Senate, if the
House only saw. fit to exercise the
power lodged in it by the Constitu
tion, v • ■ . .
Discussing the subject recently, Mr.
Cockran said:
"There is but one change, one
amendment, that, in ray judgment,
could possibly ■ increas.e the conse
quence or capacity of the House to de
fend itself, and that will be simply the
question of the term of a member. . I
am perfectly willing to admit that, as
at present constituted, where a mem
ber is chosen for two years, we are
placed - in" the position that just as
soon as a member takes his seat in
Congress and begins the discharge of
his duties he is at once thrust in the
throes of a contest for re-election.
HON. BOUBKE COCKRAN.
I "No man can do his duty m Con
gress, wholly and completely, when
his mail is charged with information
that concerns not the duty at hand,
but the prospect before him in his own
district. If Congress is to be a demo
cratic body and to achieve the power
which was intended to the end that
this constitutional system may be safe
and prosperous, the members should
at least I have one or two sessions In
which they would be free from the dis
traction of a campaign for re-election.
Apart from that there is no power the
constitution could give that it has not
given us."
THE CARPENTER'S SQUARE.
History of Its Invention and Manti-
. facture. :
Carpenters' who use the common
steel ' square, a very necessary ad
junct to their trade, perhaps give lit
tle thought to how, when and where
this article was first produced. KVhile
there are millions of Squares manu
factured and used annually, all over
the world, when the nineteenth cen
tury was born there was not one in ex
istence.
One dull, rainy day, Siler Howes, a
poor Vermont blacksmith, who lived in
South Shaftsbury, was called upon by
a peddler of tinware to shoe a horse.
These peddlers traveled up and down
the country calling at every farm
house, buying everything in the way of
barter. This one had a number of
worn out steel saws that he had picked
up at various, places. Howes bargain
ed for them, shoeing the peddler's
horse and receiving the saws in pay
ment, and each thought he had an ex
cellent trade.
The blacksmith's idea was to polish
and weld two saws together, at right
angles thus making a rule or measure
superior to anything then in use. After
a few attempts he succeeded in making
a square, marked it off into inches and
fractions of inches and found that it
answered every purpose that he in-
tended it for.
. In the course of a few weeks during
his, spare hours he made a number of
these , squares, which he sent out' By
peddlers, who found every carpenter
anxious to buy one. Soon he had or
ders coming in faster than he could
supply the demand. One of his steel
"squares" would sell for ?5. or ?6.
which was five times as much as it
cost him.
He applied for and obtained a patent
on his invention so that no one else
could deprive him of the profit it gave
him. It was just after the war of 1812,
and money "was scarce and difficult to
get. But he worked, early and late,
and as he earned money he bought
iron, and hired men to help him. In
a few years he was able to erect a
large factory and put in machinery for
the making of squares, which by this
time had found their way all over the
country and had made their inventor
famous.
Such was the small beginning of a
iaagp ami irrrflortant industry. Peo-
iple came miles to see the wonderful
forges, the showers of sparks flying
from beneatk the heavy hammers, and
to listen to the din of the thousand
workmen.
I Silas Howe lived to be a millkmare,
and. he did a great deal of good with
his money. Squares are still made on
the spot where the first one was
thought out more than ninety-five
yeara ago., '
J CROSS ZEBRA AND HORSE.
Prince of Abyssinia Sends big Afrl
j can Zebra to U; S. GUVernmfent.
The Department of Agriculture will
be able to conduct further experimen
tal work along breeding lines through
the gift to the Government of an Abys
sinian zebra which has been present-
TfTE GREW ZEBRA.
PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT BY THE PRINCE OF ABYSSINIA.
Ed to the United States by Raa Mak
onan, prince and governor of Harrar,
Abyssinia. ■Upon arrival in this coun
try'the zebra was • taken to Washing
ton in a steam-heated express Car, and
was placed in the Government ante
lope house adjoining the cage occupied
by Dan, the first Grevy zebra to reach
the United States. ! The new arrival is
a young animal and is well and stock
ily built. 
Ras Makonen, come years ago set the'
whole of Europe in a fright, and start
ed tongues a-wagging over, the , "black
peril", by defeating and wholly destroy
ing the Italian army of Gen. Albertoni,
sent against Abyssinia by the Italian
Government, which had at that time
great schemes of colonization on hand.
Ras Makonen is a great friend and ad
mirer of Consul General Skinner, by
whom he sent the zebra.
The experiments which the Bureau
of animal industry will soon conduct
with the aid of this zebra may stand
forth as among the most important of
modern times. Certain" English inves
tigators along, with Baron Parana,
a Brazilian planter, have already de
monstrated that the hybrid offspring
of the horse and Burchell's zebra, in
herits from the latter parent immunity
to certain diseases which are particu
larly fatal to horses, asses, and mules,
and that they furthermore are valuable
as pack and artillery animals.
s&aoo.o'o
IU CASH PRBZES FItEE
■ I ?M th 8 r AlS"?l&l8 C wrLtV EmE in i l fifAH BDi8 D iS bB SS Pt AfBl i AFJJSSfflffift
FREE to the persons sending us the neatest correct solutions. t ;
Arrange the 61 letters printed In the centre gronpa Into tt« i names of dx We conld go on and point to hundreds or name* of people
dUesome United States. Can .you dolt? Large CASUPKIZESjM Iisted wn <i ha TB gained large sums ot money from onr contests.
O s»T¥rFi™t M Pr«% n s^^^^ tnt onl » *™ a few '»•■■ "tattoo can bo
§950O T iJ ?*GoIS! TnTrrt 'p"££^SlS.OO In cSld. Fourul out by an alert and clever person, and ltwlU amply pay yonto TET
PrUe 81000 In ColO. Vlre Prizes of SS.OO each. Tea AND SPELL OUT THESE CITIES. Brains and energy nowadays
PrUes 0T83.50 each. Firty Prize* of Sl.oo each. M»k- c are lrtnning many golden prizes. Stndy It very carefully and let ns
ins a Total or Two Hundred Wollnrs In Prize* Dorft send *- v „ue c i CTer and ntn t v
us ANT MOSEY when yon  would rather take this way of adTertising our excellent WagaziM than
' 1 »Pendii« many thousands of dollars In other foolißh ways. We freely and
each ctoud can only te used as many times as they appear, and no letter cheerfully give the money away. TOU MAY WIN. We do not care who
can be nsed that does not appear. After you have found the six correct gets the money. TO PLEASE OUR HEADERS IS OUK DELIGHT. Th«
IMS?™! THIS IS THE PUZZLE^ M^mf^S
gggß§»3 SEYRISUC Sg^iSs^
ourMagazlne, oeTeryonewhoanswerstnw »»•»»»■ II U (i II We intend to have the largest circulation
«w»'v "«v THIS covtfst and Ton CSO U (f B U for our hlnh-class Slasazlne In the world.
AWAY OH THIS €,«;»■ *.»! ana you V w W k V 171 W w- In this nroere<Bive atre DUblishers find that
bk«u'Ssß3Ss' Tnl :i nn — - iwSSßSfcssssss
m y p n i ichfi a^^feso^^'w'.^'^
aHI H P 0 LISHEfI ffi
S#^Hlii§ CflH YOU SOLVE IT? f^MMMM
to everyone answering this advertisement. — — — ' — — «£g T H OC GHfpci. PEOPLE, and the
Meb.,»cl;KatekDmUsj.,i33N.lliil street. Los Aiweles, CaL, $61: Mrs. promp t and honest dealing. It always pnystp jflTe attention to our
E. Preiter, Richmond. Tex.. $r,5: M. G. Christensoa CreeK, Mmn., $60! Jrantf snd überal offers. OUR PRIZES baye gladdened the heart* ef
Mrs. O. E, Weltinc.lSM IjiniWlaie street. Memphis, Tenn^so: Mrs. Har- persons who needed the money. If yon need money yon wUIKiTe
riet S. Bnllnrd, 100 Intendencia street, Fensaeola. Fla..»*>; J. C. Henry Stentionto this special offer thlß Tery minute. If you soWe tt, mite o*
S&2BS& I * JKlffl«sSM* B %^_- - -- - — *.-
Forty-flf th Street, New York City, N. V., »3X .— ■ • Write plalnly._Addre»«_______^^^___^^^ >[^^ M^ MM
I THE HOPKINS PUBLISHING COMPANY, J
I ««B«NORTH WIL.fc.IAIV/1 STREET. NEW YORK CIT"y. '. ,
I — —^ —^ —^^*~ **^^~~^ " j
CHICAGO OF THE SOOTH.
ATLANTA FAST BECOMING A
GREAT INDUSTRIAL AND DIS
, TRIBUTIXG CENTRE.
Story of a Northern* Man Who Went
to Georgia and has Nearly Over
turned Old Southern Methods— ls
One of a Type. • , ■
WILLIAM E. SMYTHE
Atlanta is the Chicago of the South,
— except that some of the people ot
that enterprising city put it the other
way and tell you that Chicago is the
Atlanta of the Middle West. In either
case, the point remains the same. And
the point is that Atlanta is full of new
men, new industries, new buildings,
and the new spirit which is making a
New South. ■ In , mingling witt the
men of that splendid city. nothing im
pressed me so much, as the pride they
take . in relating the achievements of
some of the bright . men who ., have
come down from the North, to join
hands with the old native stock in de
veloping the country.
. They told me of one remarktble
man wko came from New ' York In
1876, and proceeded to make himself a
leader in several different lines of
work, all of which are related to the
prosperity of the whole region rather
than to that of an individual or. of a
single community. The story is well
worth, telling, because it shows that
human resources are quite as import
ant as the material advantages which
are usually grouped under the head of
natural resources, 6uch, as climate,
soil, timber and minerals. ' A country
may be richly endowed with the lat
ter, but it must find the genius to use'
them in the best way before it can be
a great country. ■ Thig fact Is fully
appreciated in Georgia, which is con
sequently proud of the enterprising
men it has attracted into its citizen
ship from other parts of the United
States and anxious to get more of
them.
The Cure for Weakness.
| Mr. Benjamin "W. Hunt was the
credit man for a great New York
establishment which did an extensive
business with the South and had made
JOB PRINTING. CITY RATES
tT? C 4 n ? et y° u r Billheads
Letter Heads, etc. printed at
the Ledger for less than you
can buy blank stock for else
where.
Envelops, per 1000 , - - $3 00
Posters, 1-4 sheet, 50 for- 1.50
" Half sheets " - 2.09
ft fine start in a commercial carets
when his health began to fail, thirty
years ago. He decided the best way '
to save his life was not to become an
idle traveller or professional health
seeker, but to find a. good climate and
plenty, of interesting work. That, by
the way, is the scientific way for a
weak man to become strong, provided
he begins in time/ The West is full
of men ' who have ' done it, and they
have made remarkable history for the
country, as well as for themselves.
Mr. Hunt has studied the climate «C
many parts of the world and thinks
there is none better thart Middle
Georgia. But as I read his story, as
he has set it down at the request of
his Southern friends, I conclude that
any country would be good for him
which furnishes an opportunity for
empire-building, and that he' would
languish in the best climate if there
were no big things to which he could
set hia hand. . Here in his own words
you may see the true j spirit of the
empire-builder:-; -I , • '
"Natives of old settled parts of the
world fail to understand the irresist
ible attraction of new countries, to
men of energy, self-reliance and force.
Such . persons . are really and truly
creators. They ' make meadows of
swamps, create farms from wilderness,
establish cities where commerce de-.
mands markets,' . build court houses
and churches, found schools and col
leges. Everywhere they go, they car
ry the seeds of .civilization. This work
of creation , goes on indefinitely. No
matter; how rapid the growing there
is constant additional work to be
pushed on in a new country." .
That Is the idea in the abstract .'"
Mr. Hunt has shown what it is in
the concrete by building ; a railroad^ '
establishing a cotton mill and a bank,!
and inaugurating other | commercial'
enterprises. But this is not his great
est contribution to Southern progress.'
Any man can do those things if he
has capital or can command It, but
there are other things which can only
be done by the man who , possesses ,
faith, indomitable perseverance, and
genuine interest in humanity. ■
-./,■■■: ■ ■• : , - ■ •-•;" '. . r i-.
Became a Live Stock Builder. I
; When Mr. Hunt went to Georgia
the live stock interest was in a low
state. . Farmers thought It a posltlv*
injury to have cattle trampling the
soil because it seemed to pack the clod
into . a hard brick substance. More
over, the Southern cattle fever was a '
constant , menace. This Northerner ,
thought that Georgia ought to be th»
home of fine horses and cattle and
proceeded with 'a series of experi
ments to demonstrate the possibilities
of the business. He went to the Isl
and of Jersey to select the best stocfc,
and no\r the blood of his herd is la,
evidence all over the South, as well
as in Cuba. But before this result
was achieved he had to do come good
scientific work In learning how to
make his cattle immune against dis
ease. ...
He discovered the germ which car
ried the contagion, and the cattle tick
which carried the germ, and found •
way to exterminate both. Then ha
showed his neighbors how to improve
the pastures by planting grass so that
"the touch of the cow's foot, Instead
of being a curse to the land, has made
the farms glow with shimmering
green and plenty," to quote his words.
Here was a' bigger achievement than
the building of cotton mills and rail
roads because it showed thousands of 1
people 'one way to become prosperous
on small farms. It literally added
millions to the wealth of the South.
But the enthusiastic man from the
North did not stop there. . He thought
(Continued on next page.)the South was not making the most of
its possibilities in cotton culture," and
so proceeded to make a thorough
study of "the most valuable / plant the
earth has ever produced," as he puts
It
To Double the Cotton Crop.
His effort has been to find a hybrid
plant, between the long staple which
is raised successfully only on the
coast and the less valuable upland
oo*ton, which can be profitably pro
duced in Middle Georgia. By patient
experimentation, in co-operation with
tie Department of Agriculture, he has
made yeat progress In this direction
and is gradually evolving a cotton
plant which promises to bring a much
higher average return than the far
mer has realized in the past This is
the sort of work which few men have
the patience to do, but which confers
its benefits 'upon all when once ac-
complished. It is a wonderful thing
to lift an entire industry, and thus
*o elevate the standard of living for
ilens of thousands of families — more
wonderful, far, than building a rail
»oad or a cotton mill, as I have said.
~"~What he has done with live stock'
and cotton, Mr. Hunt has also done
with fruit culture. He has taken the
lead in planting orchards, and in dem
onstrating what varieties of peaches,
apples and pears are best suited to the
soil and climate and to the markets
open to the Georgia farmers. He has
done the same with grapes and ber
ries, and thus again achieved results
"which have benefited other growers
as much as himself. In the course
of his studies he has visited the most
famous fruit-growing and wine-pro
ducing districts of the world, includ
ing those in California and in France,
and has necessarily become a man of
science. In this way he has made the
acquaintance of the foremost scien
tists of the world and on the occasion
of Herbert Spencer's visit to the Unit
ed States he was the only, man out
side the ranks of professional scien
tists invited to meet the world's
greatest thinker. Incidentally, it may
be mentioned that he is an enthusi
astic collector of Indian antiquities,
and that his search for rare speci
mens has carried him - all over the
United States and Mexico, and even
to distant islands of the Pacific.
No Antagonism to Northern Men.
Although it goes without saying
Scene intone
Mr.
Hunt's Full
• Bearing
• Peach
Orchards.
that the North has not sent many
men down South who have accom
plished as much in raising the eco
nomic standard as Benjamin \V. Hunt
has done, : it is none the less true that
Southern cities and towns, and par
ticularly Atlanta, are full of Northern
men who are injecting a new spirit
into the life of the region. And it
is vastly creditable to the native stock
that they welcome enterprising men
from north of Mason and Dixon's
Line and glory in their achievements.
If they are less proud of the new
comer than of the old-timer they cer
tainly conceal the fact. The truth
seems to be that the whole community
is permeated by the spirit of enter
prise which these Northern men have
brought, and It seems to be reflected
in the buildings, the stores, the ho
tels, and in the faces and bearing of
the people themselves.
The population of Atlanta and its
immediate suburbs is now probably
about 150,000 and is rapidly growing,
— at least twice as rapidly as the pop
ulation of the United States. But its
business, as evidenced by bank clear
ings and postal receipts, is growing
much faster than its population.
This business is largely in the form
of manufacturing, although the whole
sale trade IS also expanding to enor
mous proportions. The growth of
railway, telegraph and telephone sys
tems naturally keeps pace with trade,
manufacture and population. All this
requires constant activity in building
operations and the employment of an
increasing army of labor. In other
words, Atlanta, and the great State
of Georgia of which it is the metrop
olis, are enjoying an era of extraor
dinary prosperity. i
I Science Supplants Chance.
This prosperity is due in large part
to the extent and value of natural re
sources, but it is also largely due to
the new methods which have been in
troduced in recent years. Beginning
with the fanner and going on through
fhe line of industrial factors men are
working in the light of science in
stead of depending on chance. What
Mr. Hunt has done in connection with
live stock, cotton culture and fruit
growing, everybody is doing to some
extent. They are getting the aid or
State and National Governments, and
thus asserting their control over the
forces of nature in a way which ap
proaches ever nearer to perfection.
i.This means less 'waste, more tfficiency
and a better disposition of the com
forts of life.
It would be ungracious to say that
all this is due to the influence of men
from the North, and it would- be un
true as well as ungracious; but It is
nevertheless a fact that the ideas
which dominated in the old days
were not adapted to the best use of
Southern resources and opportunities
for development, and that these old
ideas had to surrender to new and
better plans and methods before the
South which is now rapidly develop
ing could be possible. One of the
strongest forces in the new movement
is the stream of Northern blood and
capital which has flowed into the
beautiful Southern land since the
days of reconstruction. And I repeat,
because it cannot be said with too
much emphasis, that Georgia knows
this, appreciates it, and wants more of
it .:•,■;
These are facts which may be prop
erly taken into consideration by North
ern people who are looking for homes.
They are quite as important as soil,
climate and markets. In this connec
tion, I am tempted to make a final
quotation from Mr. Hunt,; because it
has an important bearing upon the
social life of the region and is dis
tinctly in line with my own observa
tion. --■:
"The caste instinct is always resi
dent in the brain of the white man,
North or South, be he Catholic,-Prot
estant or Quaker. In the North, this
finds expression in social distinction
based on the possession of wealth and
culture. South, the caste instinct
finds so much greater differences in
inherent civilization, In ' the white
race, against inherent barbarism - in
the black race, that the caste senti
ment justifies itself In dividing the
white from the black. Hence, there
exists fuller democracy among all
white people in the- South than else
where. Here, minor social differences
are annulled by the one great caste
distinction. This condition gives freer
play to altruistic social usage among
the white people here than 1 in other
parts of our country." .
"Isben" Loved Liberty.
An accomplished poll-parrot, known
as "Isben," belonging to a well known
member of "Washington socitty, es
caped ] from v captivity the other day,
and the efforts of a number of intrepid
A Family
of the
''Hunt Jer
seys"—Mag- S
nificent ■
Milkers and
Breeders.
climbers to secure the pet bird afforded
much amusement and consideable ex
citement to a crowd of hundreds of
on-lookers. The fact that the mistress
of the bird had offered a^large reward
for his safe return spurred over a score
of men of all conditions of life to cap
ture the feathered truant.
Polly, escaping from his cage, made
a bee-line for one of the trees near the
Treasury Department building, and sat
there looking around, a gorgeous bit
of green and red. The fun commenced
when a rather corpulent individual es
sayed to climb the tree and secure the
bird. "Isben" .is an accomplished
talker, and as he flew to the next tree
he called out very distinctly "nay!
nay!" A colored youth climbed tree
number two, and, after nearly breaking
his neck through the rotteness of a
limb, succeded in getting within about
two feet of "Isben."
"Put salt on his tail," said a wag ia
the crowd. The youth showed his apti
tude for going after birds that roosted
high, such, for instance, as chickens,
but he was not used to the flying kind,
and just as he "reached" for "Isben"
the bird flew up to the top of a tall
telegraph pole. At this point there sal
lied forth Walter Perry, who claims'
to be the best coon hunter in Alabama,
and scrambled up the, pole in record
time. Then with a stout wire, crooked
at the end, he hooked Poll's leg, and
a vast fluttering ensued, with a yell of
triumph from Walter. The crowd
cheered, but "Isben" had apparently
been lariated before, for he quickly dis
engaged himself and with a cheerful
hee-haw! flew away about a block and
alighted in a large cottonwod tree.
"Send for Santos Dumont and his
air-ship," piped up one of the crowd;
then a telegraph messenger boy, three
or four colored men, a jack-tar from
the Navy Yard, and a college athlete
climbed trees and poles to secure the
reward. The parrot kept up a more or
less continuous conversation with his
would-be captors, but it was noticed
that his remarks were of a quite proper
nature, "hot air" being the most ob
jectionable.
After flying around sightseeing for
an hour or so, "Isben" flew into a tree
near a police station.
"Isben," when last seen, was roost
ing in the branches of a big elm tree,
apparently asleep. One old and very
black darkey remarked, confidentially,
to a companion, " 'Lijah, when it gits
real dark, I sure will ketch dat bird,
'case I argues dat no bird, whether he
parrot or whatsoever, can see a mam
ob my color on a sure dark night."
GOTHAM'S STREET CARS.
THE GREAT SUB-WAY OF HEW
YORK ALWA YS CRO WDED FOR
STANDING ROOM.
Forty Million Dollar System Proves
Entirely Inadequate to Transport
CroVvds.-Need for an Additional
System.
New York's underground street rail
way, the '"Sub-way," has boon in full op
eration just about a year and alialf. The
relief which this 140,000,000 system was
expected to give the elevated roads
and surface lines has proved inade
quate to meet the needs of the increas
ing traffic. Within a month from the
day the first subway train carrying
paying passengers made the trip from
City Hall to Harlem, the crush on the
elevated and surface cars during the
rush hours was as great as ever.
! Owing to the peculiar elongated form
of the city, the bulk of the trafllc trav
els north and south. It was estimated
that the subway would relieve the
north and south daily rush by 43,000,
Excavation for
Tunnel on i
New fersey
:}-iiside.: } -iiside.
tut the morning and evening crowd
that makes tho lively hours on the
elevated and surface roads had in
creased by 50 per cent., or from 67,000
to over 100,000, before the subway had
been In operation nine months.
For all hours of the day between 9
In the morning and 5 in the afternoon,
the city's rapid transit system is more
than adequate, though the average
dally traffic amounts to about 2,000,000
north and south, and about 400,000
east and west. The trouble comes be
tween 7:30 a. m. and 9:00 a. m., when
thousands from all directions within a
radius of 35 miles of the borough of
Manhattan are rushing toward the
downtown section of the city (below
Twenty-third street), and again be
tween 5:00 p. m. and 6:00 p. m., wnen
the same thousands are struggling back
to their homes. . ,
By far the greater portion of New
Tork"B business is transacted below
Twenty-third street, on an area having
a maximum length of three miles and a
maximum width of two miles. Where
there Is so little ground to build upon,
naturally real estate and skyscrapers
rise together, the former to millions of
dollars, the latter to tens of stories. On
that triangle having Twenty-third
eVrect for its base and the Battery for
Jts very pointed apex, there are hun
dreds of buildings housing over 6,000
people each during the working hours.
Standing on the roof of one of these
towers of industry, one rising twenty
nine stories, for instance, with the aid
of a glass, a man may count four ele
vated roads running from the upper
eections of New York City down to the
triangle; surface line after surface line
running under or paralleling the "L"
roads, but converging and becoming
consolidated at Twenty-third street
Into only six roads, there being room
for no more below that thoroughfare;
erosstown surface lines still served by
about 400 horse cars; the innumerable
little glass and iron entrance and exit
structures that dot the route of the
Bubway from the Bronx to City Hall;
the twenty or more tireless ferries pad
dling back and forth across the Hud
eon and East rivers; every car and
boat crowded to the last inch of stand-
Ing room, all unloading into that roar-
Ing triangle. The problem Is to carry
Into and distribute through this tri
angle, within a given time, a constant
ly increasing horde of workers.
Forty-five Hundred a Minute.
The traffic returns for the year end
ing June 30, 1904, show that during a
single rush hour, the elevated and sur
face lines running north and south
carried 67,000; the ferries crossing
from Brooklyn, other Long Island
points and Staten Island, 31,000; cars
over the Brooklyn Bridge, 33,000 ; the
New Jersey and Hudson river ferries,
32,000; erosstown lines, 12,000, a total
Of 175,000 landed and distributed be
tween Twenty-third street and the Bat
tery in 60 minutes. By June 30, 1905,
the rush hour crowd had increased to
270,000.
The strain of carrying the increase
falls most heavily - on the elevated
roads, the surface lines and the sub
way, which have to take care of not
only the business people from Man
hattan and the Bronx, but the thon-
Bands of Hudson river ctymnuters
landed by the New York Central at
Forty-second street, and on the Brook
lyn Bridge. The new Williamsburg
bridge is unpopular because only one
Brooklyn elevated line connects with
It, and also because its New York term
leal is a mile and a half from City
Hall.
A Host of New Subways.
To relieve the elevated roads, sur
face lines and subway of New York
City itself, nineteen new subways have
bsen proposed. Greater speed or a
lasger number of trains on the "la"
ami subway is impossible without dam-
ger of accident Already 600 cars ara '
ran on Broadway between 5 and 6
o'clock in the evening, and block-upa
occur every few minutes.
To provide greater accommodations
for people crossing from Brooklyn and
•Hher Long Island cities and towns,
two new bridges are under way — the
Manhattan, to be finished next year,
End the Blackwell's Island bridge, to
be finished in 1908. The East River
Tunnel to connect the New York sub- 1
way with Brooklyn may be completed
Is 1816. The experts say that these
two bridges and the tunnel will ac
commodate 175,000 per nour. The pres
ent traffic by bridges and ferries be
tween Long Island and Manhattan Is
land approximates 100,000, the rate of
Increase last year being about 50 per
cent. There is no reason to expect a
smaller Increase in any one of the ten
yearE before the East River Tunnel will
be opened. It would seem, therefore,
that the -Long Island side of the prob
lem Is tr do means solved.
As for the nineteen new subways
with which it is planned to honeycomb
Manhattan, it will be years and yeara
before they can be put into -operation,
The Pennsylvania
R. R. .Hudson River
Tunnel . which will
carry Passengers un
der it he River to the
New x York Sub-way
and in the meantime the population is
Incrcats'ng to astounding numbers. Ita
traveling portion is also increasing. In
the fiscal year of 1904 the elevated
roads alone carried 286,634,195 pas
sengers, while in the fiscal year of 1905
the "Lb" and subway combined carried
839,104,820, an increase of over 52,000,
€OO. The greatest number carried by
"Lb," surface lines and subway in one
hour was 142,500, all three systems be*
ing' taxed to the limit of their capacity.
I Transportation experts estimate that
It will take an expenditure of at least
1500.000,000 to so increase Ihe traffics
facilities of New York City as to meet
present necessities, < and the normal
growth of the next few years, in a sat
isfactory manner. . In the future large
terminals will be abandoned, and no
oiio line of travel will cross another. To
divide traffic and run each line aa an
Independent artery Are the purposes
foi which money will be expended ta
the future in the effort to transport
millions of people from their homes to
their bnßlnes9 in the mornios sad back
again at night
A rLANK MOVEMENT.
Paris spends |100,000. a year to
keep her trees in order, and to plant
new ones. Every street of a certain
width is entitled to a row of trees on
either side, while every street of a
certain greater width has a double
row. • . %
Express trains in Russia seldom at
tain a greater speed than twenty-two
miles an hour. •.;/..
BSQ BASEBflLL^™^,^ _-."ij ;gJj'!|gli) i'lTS^lf IITiYI&J.^ P^*SOL, SEVEN
f~ J ■J B^9aJß^a9dffs2lH f^fvpf IMf ** .J& J^J i ■tuCekVJ % llßVs^BfjMt^L^Bavfll t!^t jfl Vh C ' Lib H Law lay U A IIIAbIIb*"! '
I W B^^^^ ■^bW^^s» lf>fe^r .i*w^**»fc~ api^ j^, jp^*^a> fear— £^ ar— r— f^^^^^^^l^^ f*» |-| ■■ — fc^^a^t^^^^^^^j^^^^fc^^^^^^^^^^Za^^Ma^^Za^^lMl^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ J?*^*'^^^^^^"^*^P^^. '^^^^^^W f
- w 'U' » T \Jr vCT Send no Money— We trust you— Just write us for GirK thi« is tho prettiest, daintiest «nd ks||
I FREE TO BOYS 32 Extra Large, high grade, special make, Hemstitch- S™"-i^u e i^ri?iw t^l£'ssSdi? < !S ff
B^V^^k^r^'b^nt ed Handkerchiefs which we deliver free, without ad- pj v <^ '- ¥S;ptSi.sJJi«ffSif^ 3S g
heavy eliwtio log oan'la and ia sp» Vance payment or deposit. Sell them for U? at Only lOC oil Heal silk Knfflo* and tho erl B r> is flnlihed g
cialljr paddod aroan"i the hipn. Shirt cirt, -mil v»,nll cliln v,,n frpl-fil.illcTnpnKcmctlu.ii./l willm larm3 inch fluffy Silk Kuffle walloped ■
lias combination ilfivoa. lace fronts eacil and we Will snip yOU lree OI Ml expense COStly and Each ia fitted with a long natu. fIS,
metal eyelets, full a-ounrt tlio ahonlii- desirable premiums Or YOUr choice from Our list OI Dia- r»l wood stick, finished around the top with a l-'an
&&££* "nirw^Sl'^on? mond Rings, Rifles, Watches, Cameras, Silk Shawls, Lace SS'whitKr »SE. S3 ,Hi B &2ftfE?B tip
■ 1 !? 8 J. f •*"»«»''••"•»•'. Curtains, etc. We take back what is unsold and reward «n charges to mv for selling onir£2of onr Kwg
Kd.";ii e «r, 1..l ..o C n l^:;b:i. t . eh lK g£ you Just the same. Handkerchiefs are a neccessity LVffh ii < cie i g > it h onlVf3S d S I cnf BrtitcW *"* fig
ttXS?^fiS?2S?&T^& and «*•> soIA Premiums delivered oromptly. .SlVtfff^a W&SSZSSi ffi
S^ g^^g: B .'c^ h6d WOOD WOOD CO. Dept. No. 179. "°-^y^gy AY - m&^r&tSSSSs:^ l^ Jgi
A Woman's Prophecy.
Mme. de Thebes, who predicted the
Paris charity . bazaar fire. and Presi
dent Carnot's assassination, has fixed
up a bunch of trouble for 1906. Ma
dame, pleasantly, even gaily, states
that 1906 will be a wild year, full of
strange, extravagant, incomprehensible
and astonishing madnesses. She pre
dicts that Germany will be threatened
with general smash early in the year;
that South America is to be torn with
upheavals, that an unconquerable epi
demic is to sweep this country; that
Belgium will play a curious part in
the transformation of Europe; that the
attention of the world will be centered
on Turkey and the near East; and that
there will be serious losses in the art
world.
How refreshing it would be if some
of these people who read the future
like an open book would see something
pleasant sometimes and tell about it
Great quantities of salt Is still taken
from the Dead Sea. It is a very ancient
industry. >-:■ •;■. -:\
THEY. ALL WANT IT!
Have you seen the
fraf Wlr^rCrSj£?fiS3& perplexing trick, but
w ~ easy when you know
how. We'll tell you
"" -■«.-"-• how and send sample
for 10 cents.
Patent Egg Separa- Aft
tor. Every House- ,^*Msa»>- "Iff
hold, Hotel, Restau- m Zj TJK M
rant. Bakery, Drug f^ \<A' , Jf»
Store, in fact any « .JCV& /&N^
place where eggs are B/<S«^k Kl|a
used needs one or *"^Kf«¥ VSJtlv
Instantly separates »P3Sav\^
yolk and white, not a Bit 2ML
particle of the latter
remaining In the ■ wl*bl
Separator. Does not ' S V
break y oik. Ma d c I W i•X ' .
from solid piece of B H ,
metal. Always bright ■ m
and ready for sse. k. 1 m *
Sample 10 cents.
f- KANCY SUPPLY CO..V
Box 215, Washinctoa, D. C.
Agents wanted for these and other goods.
Write for circulars and terms, i
PUICCUf 1 Large profits hi small gardens. Write
UMioLUU for P rlcea of roots and seeds. Order
mnv>yii rootB and ggpjg now and arran _ c to
stal-t a earden In spring. Illustrated book, telling
nbout Its history.cultivatlon, profits, market, etc. .
25 cts. In stamps. Address: Wisconsin Ulnftena-
Uurdena, 604 Adams St., Wausau, Wls
STOUT aC COLDrWATCH
WJTTjn. Out BTEB.WISD AJIBRIIiS mm-
»'* 3 Sv&n(?Sr*«^ 111 " 11 •*"* *™ SOUI> •""■'» IiID
r/iW^^&rise^lz)) cask, emurivkdo.nbotii suits, ruiir
WBffirffl SOLID 60LD WATfH fiIMIUSTKKU IS
HiV&jßWin fevVEARS. W,ni»tlt FREE to Boys MUMs tor
iSt ~s£#«E!>?^t.//j!l»«lllof £oJ«w»lt7 article! atlOo. t*ab.»B4QtJ kl-
Vi!l>rt)£t i '"fi /// /J *"•• "»•' ••«"l JtwaltrpoHpsid: whra soM
'C\'£i3fikil^7/J/J "** »2»O and w. will poilUnlj BESB «»toti
XfaitSV^^XEXACTI.Y IS IPKSrKIBF.II b 7 ntnni mall: •!«
J'?*)S®^3J'UOM>l.in»rilAl. I!,tAniK1 !,tAniKS > o. GIST'S STYI.K.
oIV^tKa^^^LIBERTYJCWCLCO DCPT.3O7 CHICAGO
DEAFNESS CURED
IP-mn il m O4 - PACE BOOK -which \
B" rUIC.RL explains how to euro deafness
■ ■ ■«■■•»■ a( . home . j t . s f ree; vrrito for It.
OR.W. 0. COFFEE. 104 Century Bldg.. Dcs Koines, la.
for SUIT and
13 \£* EXTRA TROUSERS
jt*\AL _/r* L We make a suit guaran-
/S^S^P I .' teed to nt perfectly, in latest,
irfiKSslr "'jl " Btyle from fashionable cloth,'
aPnE§WB 1 - 11 ' k ''Sr' durably trimmed, for 57.98
HSw^&R V '} I i" equaltoanySlß.OOsultmarta
' &SiissSzmk.i I"1 and K've you Free an extra
is^Sf^StaM\ r -r'f P alr of Fancy Worsted Trous-
feirt «^H : ers. You run no risk.
WssisPffialr ?. lt 9Ult and trousers are not
WB snmi exactly as ordered you may,
\s I ' H ■ return them to us at our ex- 1
rStajfsF M! pense. Wo will return to
B/l-M Vii \ you atones all money paid
1B H \l'J us » horeon - Besides you
f? T&r keeptheelegantsuitcase (
pl In which suit was shipped.
mmf Write at onra for samples of latest cloths for
They willbespntfteawith
=^9 Epl fashion plates, tape, measurement blacks, Ac
■^1 Vll ' an( ' nomono y ljut write today.
■■BPS-
I? tf SUIT CASE I IlLlaW 842-544
V 1 EVEN IfTOU DONt ACCEPT® MB cuUoT et>
I J7 a CHIT MJinr nVII^Jpr Re?.: RnyalTrust
■ ft ASU II WMUL j*J**^m CO.Bank.Chteaoo.
. To every one who sends us the names and addresses of
three persons, male or female, who are or were agents
or canvassers, with so cents for postage and package, one
of these beautiful Gold Sjsnet Kings, elegantly chased
and engraved with any initial without extra charge. Send
strip of paper size of finger. This is the greatest value
ever offered for the money. The picture does not show
one half the ring's beauty. It passes for a { 10. ring.
These Slirnet Rlnaa are all the rage in New York and
are considered just the ring foreither lady of gentleman.
Do not miss this rare chance but send 20 cents at once
as on and after May 30th the price of this ring will
beti.oo. Sena at once or any time before" May • 30th
and receive this beaunfu'Slfrnetßlafrfor only ao cents.
Address TUB & BTAaprOBD C 0,156 Brill Aw., ». T. City
IBASEBALLI J,l J>J md. ~
• OUTFIT IJIIH §5
I lu^nß^iM Each Outfit contain* fa*- *Jjti Tk
I PXJ^EaE«*7^M • Bm » b »" B*™. VWBP
I 19-i3sC^KTM£I 1 Fielder. Glot., B l\\
I ¥4c£jesE*&!fS 1 Cat:hu'l Mitt f. V\ .
I UWHwafilHltfyUlll lßaae Ball Bale.. 7JV N
DfIVQ We giro complete outfit Free for r>y. '*>
U U I O selling 35 Usefal Honaehold Articles 1 It
«t 10 cents. Every boy wants liia club in unl- 1 I I
furm. Now Is the chance. You can earn it in a \l \
day. *w*e tnut you. Send us yoar address and f\\
we will send articles postpaid. When sold send g°j£S V
us $2.50 and we will positively srnd you our v, *
Complete Base Ball Outfit Free. 150 other gifts.
TRUE BLUE CO.. PERT. 7T3. BOSTON. Mass.
. 'Senator Depew has the longest biog
raphy in the Congressional Directory.
Tim Sullivan of New York has the
shortest ■ ''.■:•; ;"
' In the states of the Middle West
there is still a large trade in the pelU
of muskrats, skulks, racoons, pos
sums, foxes, minks and weasels
Glorious Hair .
Grown Free.
A Wonderful Preparation Whfe'i
Turns Back the , Hand of
Time— Makes the Old
Young and the Young
Beautiful.
Free Samples of the Greatest Hair
Tonic on Earth Distributed by a
Well-Known Medical Institute. , '
NO BOOM LEFT FOR DOUBT.
■ ' ' ** ■ ' '- i . ■-'
We can cure you of b»ldoe«», hair falling:,
scanty partings, all diseases of the scalp, stop
hair falling and restore gray and faded hair to
its original color.
We don't want yoa to take onr word for this
We will prove it to yoa AT OUR OWN EX-
PENSE. - >, > .
A FREE PACKAGE c! onr wonderful treat-
ment will get your case under control and
make yon happy.
Our remedy js NOT A DYE nor a nair color -
mn, but a marvellous nd natural Hair Food.
You cannot make a mistake in trying it. for we
ship it to you prepaid at our own expense, and
do not ask you for a cent of money unless you
feel justified by results.
It makes not the slightest difference totw*ow
long you have had your trooble. We (I go
to the rooU of it and cure it. ■
Think just for a moment what thluneanal
Think what it promises for those who lave lost.
or who are loosing, the glorious tressesof youth!
We will restore your hair, make it lone and
strong, make it as you wish it to be. and give
you more satisfaction than yon have ever
before experienced. Do not be disheartened
because you have used other hair remedies
without results. Ec just to yourself and to us
Our rem edy will make yon happy. What it baa
done for others it will do for you.
We ask you in all kindness to write to us and
we will send you by return mail, at onr own
expense, a full trial treatment of the Greatest
Hair Grower on earth. We will also send yoa
our interesting booklet of advice and hundreds
of testimonials from delighted patients, giving
their experiences for the benefit of others who
have become discouraged. Yon will never
regret answering this announcement, for It
means much to yon, more than you can imagine
If you want beautiful hair, if your r it is
getting so that you look aged or your personal
appearance is disparaged, write to ns for help.
We are an Incorporated Company, not a private
concern. .We want you and your friends to
know what we can do, and how we do it. Send
to-day, and do not put it off. You will be de-
lighted with what we send you, and it costs yoa
nothincr. AAddress in full, enclosing 2c. stamp
forreply, LOKRIMER MEDICAL INSTITUTB
Incorporated. Dept. 2329 118-120 North Paca St,
Baltimore. Md. ,■ - / - .
THE Prevent every mistake not-" 1 ■
I nt slble In your building plans.
■»•<*•••• Write for our free furnace
1 RIGHT book. It's an authority on
; ni«ni -heating. Tells how and
EUIUIPC where to erect a furnace ;
i rMflriAut properly; how to get most
___ noat out of coal, etc; how to .
FOR Bet rid of dusty stoves or
= s •■• replace a burned out heater
VMlin withourLeaderSteelFurnaM.
I BUM YoQ can put It up yourself.
I ww "" It has every modern appll-
5 HEW ance - We teach you free.
i H Hun Sent, freight paid, any-
| ■ „.„.- where. No. 45, heats ?to 8
B ttGU'VE room house, school, store or
1 % HWWSTts , Bma n church. Coats »t». S
Tk [ other sizes, for all pur- /
n poses. Write for free
t!&'igi'kwßl How Warming & tjBWMjl
flfij ■iVv-^'f Ventilating Company, '/*> IMHffl
E|r' I?V<i1 ?V<i- ll i^>f 7tt Tacoma Building, X \^*A\
X^EADER Jig
g Steel FurnaceS!THE CONFLICT
SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTER ONE.
* H '*pA d <* m *> E^opean representative of
American Manufacturers, and a West Point
graduate, v visiting in Paris at the time of
war between France and Germany. He was
ir'"s*** t *c°?f*re*ce?>itk the French General
~; aJ Ti-.. Germ ?» invasion has begun on the
southeastern border. Adams declares this m
feint. He urges balloon reconnoissance to the
northeast, and detail of troops to block advance.
five thousand automobiles are impressed, filled
with troops, and are sent northward. Adams,
General Martini Rechere (expert balloonist),
and a anreless telegraphy, lead the advance, car
rying a field war balloon. The ascent is made
and the mam German force ts discovered mobil
izing in Lorraine. The balloon is struck by a
mUs7o nn f S thftV^^ Binlt ° fa " " aiftly **"'*'
CHAPTER IL
™n??.«> b f.? loon .Y as now within, half a
SiJH»&, c « artn . an d settling steadily.
Beneath us was a sea of trsops. The
bullets came In a shower. Rechere
*£*?♦£ sro t n and sank by my side,
IS?.* th r^ S:h J the heart - Martini's hand
J* 1 .. fiha «ered as it gripped the rail
2f™s basket. I expected death, and
stood erect again, grasping the sup
porting cable at one end of the basket.
5Lw!? ne * ( ». m ' se ,'f able to be thus a tar
§?} . £l e buUets °t a thousand sol
dier* -with no opportunity to reply
£*I Pv Instinctively my, grasp tight
ened on the supporting cable; and well
LT^f* £°r, that instant a well di
recUd shell from a rapid-flrer cut the
cabl« at the other end. and the car
swayed, hanging by the one slender
wir« rope. I drew myself up and got
a nrm hold of the network surround
ing the gas bag. There I hung, grip
pine for my very life with both hands;
and as I looked down I saw Martini
whirling over and over in mid air, and
th» body of poor dead Rechere falling
lik« a plummet. - Then the single sup
port gave way. and the basket went
down after them.
I closed my eyes, sick with horror
ana faint from my tremendous muscu
lar efforts. As in a dream I was con
eeious of swirt- flight through the air.
rrh» rounds of shooting became fainter.
££ c ? hl?**.h I ?**. the balloon . treed of its
'jreight of passengers, apparatus, and
n a 2^ Wa s r ,'sing rapidly into the up
=fi /'* l nen r would escape, after
all. I tried to collect my thoughts.
Knowing that should I lose conscious
ness my grip would weaken.
Suddenly I felt that I had entered a
Stratum of cold air. It was sweet and
pure. It stimulated me, I opened my
eyes, and glanced below me Earth
liquid not be seen. I was In the clouds.
W Remember, now, that I hung by the
grip of two hands, from a coarse net
made or half-inch rope forming a. caa-
IJ IB to* the balloon. I knew that I
sQpuld soon be comnplled to rest or I
must let go and follow my late com
panions. Summoning all my nerve, I
threw up one leg, and as luck would
have it, caught my foot in a mesh of
the net. I pushed my leg through, un
til the rope was under my knee; then
rested for a few sweet minutes hang-
Ing there like a. crab, one log swing
ing free. Presently I secured a similar
hold with the other foot; then working
slowly and carefully, managed to get
both arms into the meshes, and for a
blessed interval was relieved of severe
strain, though my hold was by no
means secure.
The balloon seemed now to be mov
ing swiftly in the wind, but neither
rising nor falling. The steady gliding
motion, the absolute quiet, and the
weariness of body resulting from my
tight grip of the net, produced a ten
dency te sleep. I was compelled to
talk to myself to keep awake, and
finding that even this would not suffice
I determined to make myself secure
At Imminent risk, for I was getting
woefully cramped, I let go with my
right hand, and reaching 1 in my pocket
got my knife, opening it with my teeth.
I cut through half a dozen meshes of
the net and thus made a hole large
enough to admit my head arid shoul
ders, pushing away the enveloping
Tolas of the somewhat flabby balloon
By degrees I worked my whole body
through, and finally, with a prayer of
thanks to God found myself lying flat
upon the strong net wurk, my back
against the gas-bag. So great was the
relief of this position that I sank lmo
Instant Bleep.
It seemed an age later when I awoke,
hearing my name spoken by the voice
of a woman. I opened mj eyes aud I
looked around me. I lay in a bad
surrounded by silken drapery. My
whole body ached, and my head seem- I
ed to be several times its ordinary size.
Then a voice — that of the woman —
spoke again, In soft, rippling French
"Monsieur must be quiet. It is best.
Monsieur is safe and will soon be well
again."
I looked in the direction of the sound
and saw approaching m« what I
thought to be the most beautiful wo
man I had ever seen. Fair and tall, of
the old French type, she seemed a ver
itable angel. Upon her head sne wore
a white lace cap, which served only
partially to restrain her brown curls.
Her dress was simple — of white, with
a touch of blue at throat and shoulders
She came to the bedside and leaned
over me. I shall remember to my dy
ing day her soft, cool hands pressed
upon my aching brow. Her loose slee
ves showed her fair, plump arms nigh
to the elbows, and I recall, even now,
the desire, as I fell asleep, that I could
have those arms about my neck.
I awoke again, some time later, feel
ing much refreshed. My fair nurse
brought me a glass of cool milk, and
held my hear! In the hollow of her arm
as I drank, smiling and nodding at me
Then I lay quiet for a while, and
presently found myself able to speak
"Where am I?" was my first ques
tion.
She told me that I was In the Cha
teau Lagunay, on the west bank of the
Meuse River, some distance northwest
of Verdun. In the prettiest French
which. I could readily understand
though my own pronounciation was
execrable, she told me how at dawn
my balloon had come crashing into
a grove of trees near the Chateau; how
the gardeners had released me from
my prison in the net; and how I had
been brought into the house, by her
father's instructions, and cared for
through the night. I was seriously
bruised about the head and shoulders,
and they thought at first that I was
dead. Later her father, a French
nobleman of the old regime, came to
the bedside, expressed his pleasure
that "Monsieur Ad-dams" (they had
learned my name from papers found in
my pockets) had recovered, assuring
me that I need have no concern as to
my perfect welcome to remain as his
guest until I should be completely re
stored to health.
I suppose it was the shock that blot
ted out, for the next few days, all
recollection of my identity, or my re
cent experiencp. I knew simply that I
was in Paradise, with this adorable
angel always at hand to minister to
hunger or thirst, and to talk softly to
me at intervals between naps She
tola me much about herself. She was
but twenty, an only child, with no
mother that she could remember. She
a»d her father, and the faithful ser
vants, lived alon«. Slie seemed very
happy. And 1f she was happy, what
of myself? Before I was able to sit
up and eat. solid. food I kne:w!ithat.my
heart had found its .mate. Ah, I was
very much in love. ',".,:•"."■
k ?♦" *£? .t. t 5 ird d ay I was so much
better that I insisted on risirtg, and a
valet came in and assisted me to dress.
My clothes were torn to shreds In the
balloon wreck, and I found myself
compelled to accept the count's offer
of a complete outfit from his own
wardrobe. Behold me, therefore, seat
ed in an easy chair, clad in a handsome
suit of plum-colored velvet, with short
breeches, white silk stockings, silver
buckled shoes, and a long-tailed coat,
what with lace and ruffles and all the
trimmings of royalty, I felt like a
trussed goose; but Aimee regarded me
as the very apotheosis of perfection
and grace. This I had from her own
sweet lips. And so completely satis
fled were we with each other that be
fore night I had kissed her a thou
sand times and obtained her consent
to an ultimate marriage, with the un
derstanding that I should be acceptable
to the Count, whose reserve I had not
at that -time courage to penetrate with
my request for his daughter's hand.
"But there is no hurry," I said. "Let
us wait a few days, my precious." And
I took her in my arms, kissing her
again and again and calling- her all
manner of pet names. Very undigni
fied and breathlessly hasty love-mak
ing for an American of thirty-five. B«t
in love are we not all fools?
I know not how the practical, every
day part of my mind suddenly got to
work again. I was seated In the gar
den, on the fourth day after my descent
upo* Lagunay, musing upon the
AIMEE.
charms of Aimce who had gona to the
house to attend to the preparation ot
dinner. Somewhere near by a heavy
door shut with a slam. It shocked me,
like a pistol-shot I jumped to my
feet with a shout The Germans — the
War — the French — Martini — Rechere —
all the exciting events of the past ten
days swept. upon me like an avalanche.
Here I sat In the very path of the in
vaders, passing my time in a Midsum
mer-night-dream of love and seven
teenth-century indolence. I ran to the
house. Preparations must be made
against the arrival of the troops. At
the porte-cochere I Baw the count, just
alighting from his ancient chaise. I
hurried to his side.
"A word with you In private," 1
said. The serious look upon my face
startled him. We passed into the
house and entered his study. Here I
acquainted him with the events of
the past week, of my balloon recon
noissance, of the plan of the ucr
mans. Living, as he did, in such com
plete isolation, withdrawn from the
activity of the world about him since
the days of the Second Empire, he had
heard only rumors, and was quite un-
aware of the approaching crisis. But
he rose to the occasion, showing even
in these declining years unusual power
of decision and action.
Events moved swiftly then. The
Count summoned his servants and re
tainers and secreted in tha wood 3
nearby a large amount of silver plate,
coin in chests, and valuable heir
looms. Aimoe "was in great distress
but I quieted her with assurances that
I would protect her, though how I
would stand off a German army 1
had no idea. Early in the evening
came news of the approach of Lanc
ers on the east side of the Meuse, re
connoitering for the engineers; and
shortly afterward, a French officer
rode up to apprise the Count, with
whom he was acquainted, of the pres
ence of French skirmishers a short
distance to the south of the Chateau.
It became evident to the Count that
we -would be in the zone of battle. He
accordingly made haste to move to a
safe distance as much as possible of
his personal property. My heart went
out to the old nobleman. Tie made no
complaint. He was ready for what
ever might come though it should cost
him his magnificent estate,
ji All a through i.the;niehti. we Worked
heroically, clearing out much of the
fine old tapestries and carpets, and
some ,of the more valuable pictures
and ornaments. When morning
dawned the Count left us, going south
to offer his services to the General
issimo — a somewhat childish proceea
mg, I thought, though I did not op
pose him, as Aimee was thus left m
my care. I had confided to him my
tender sentiments, and after blessing
us both he bade me watch her care
fully and at the approach of the en
emy to set out for Bethel, a small town
to the northwest, where Aimee had
numerous cousins. i
The Meuse In front of the Chateau
Lagunay was perhaps a quarter o£ a
mile wide, running swiftly beneath
high, precipitous banks in which there
was no break tor a considerable dis
tance north and south. Some three
miles down stream the riven nar
rowed, at the town of Ramune, "Eiiere
a, massive stone bridge spanned the
deep waters. This point was selected
by the Germans for crossing. Leav
ing Aimee with a strong guard of
armed servants, some of whom sverc
veterans of the Franco-Prussian war,
I set out on horseback for Ramune,
looking like • a French dandy in my
elegant clothes. .
I found the town in great confusion.
Many persons were loading up their
household goods and making ready for
departure; others had already fled. So
stealthily had the Germans approached
that their advance at that point was
unknown half a dozen hours before my
arrival.
. .From a stone tower on a wooaed
hill back of the town I looked across
into the valley beyond. As far as the
eye could see stretched the ranks of
the invaders. They had risen out of
Prussia and Baden and Saxony, out of
Wurtemburg and Brunswick, out of
Hesse and the Mecklenburgs; and mob
ilizing rapidly had swarmed across the
fro. tier of Lorraine, that ancient bone
of contention, and neutral Luxemburg.
As I learned later, once they stepped
upon French soil they swept down like
a storm. Spies preceded them cutting
telegraph -wires in all directions. The
thirty miles between the frontier and
the Meuse River had been covered in
ten hours, the troops moving at a
swinging trot And here they were at
the crossing without the least show
of opposition.
Meanwhile the French were advanc
ing with characteristic deliberation,
their main force being then at and
around the great military camp of
Chalons, some fifty miles to the south
west They had been apprised on the
previous day of the appearance at the
frontier of several bodies of Lancers
and Hussars. There had been no
further reports, (the wires were cut
about that time) and it appeared un
necessary to make any decided move.
Of the detachments sent out in auto
mobiles at the time of my departure in
the illfated La Jaune, I could hear
nothing. It was not until montns
later, when I returned to Paris for a
honeymoon with Aimee, that I learn
ed the facts. Our wireless message
had not carried. Martini's sacrifice
was vain. The scouts in their ma
chines reached the rendezvous, did a
little scouting on their own hook,
found nothing suspicious, and toured
leisurely back to Paris and Chalons,
where they reported that the story, or
a northern Invasion was a. canard.
Therefore the mobilizing proceeded, all
eyes being centered on Luneville, Bel
fort and Besancon, where the German
Crown Prince, with his Bavarian, army
manoeuvred at a safe distance, threat
ening, retreating, building mock forti
fications, and steadily pulling th« Ger
man wool over the French eyes.
There was no defense possible for
Ramune, an old, provincial town with
weak fortifications. Yet the small
garrison, with true military spirit an
nounced its presence by a volley of
cannon, which seemed to anger the
Germans. A battery of mortars was
brought up to the river bank. Into
the town were thrown a hundred or
more sixteen-inch shells, which brok«
IN A FEW MINUTES THE ENTIRE TOWN WAS ABLAZE.
and released a viscid liquid emitting a
horrible stench. A shower of fiercely
burning rockets was sent after the
shells, and in a few minutes the en
tire town was ablaze. The heat
turned the strange liquid to gas — a
dense, slow-burning, heavy vapor that
settled upon the place like a pall. Such
of the residents as had failed to leave
were immediately overcome. People
fell in the streets by the hundred. It
was a slaughter pen. Beinff high
above the town I was not thus affected,
and looken on with indescribable hor
ror at this method of warfare. Tot it
was, perhaps, no less Justifiable than
an attack with exploding shells and
death-dealing rapid-fire guns. The pity
was that it was necessary at all.
Unhindered, the Germans swept
across the bridge and climbed the
steep banks, passing through the town,
now cleared of gas. I put spurs to my
horse and made for the Chateau.
I had hardly arrived and arranged
for carriages to take Aimee and her
servants away -when I was astounded
at hearing the galloping of horses in
the courtyard. To my dismay I found
a body of German staff officers had
taken possession of the grounds, and
were picketing their horses upon^the
lawn. I went to the door and met a
ponderous Colonel of Calvalry i K out to
enter. I had taken the precaution to
arm myself with a rapier taken from
the wall of the armory, and with this
slender weapon I felt reasonably se
cure, expecting to meet only gentle
men. ,
I bowed to the Colonel. "This Is pri
vate" property," I explained. "To the
grounds you are welcome."
He pushed me aside with an oath
and strode into the hall. He was fol
lowed immediately by another officer,
brilliant with military trappings. The
two surveyed me insolently, then
looked around them.
"This will do admirably," said the
Colonel to his companion. He advanced
to the immense drawing room. "I.
think we may even have a ball here
tonight, if Monsieur — " he bowed
toward me, "will but introduce the
ladies."
I felt the hot blood rising in me as
I replied. "There Is but one lady, sir,
and she is accustomed to gentlemen."
-. He understood my lame German ex
pressions, for his face reddened. But
at that moment Aimee, brave as a lion,
appeared on the stair, and approached
us with dignity. The Colonel's face
broadened in a leer. "Ah ha," he cried.
"Here is my lady now, to welcome me."
Advancing he threw his arm around
her and but for her sudden shrinking
would have kissed her. I was crazy
with anger. Drawing my swora x
rushed at him. "Dog," I cried in good
American. "This is the way we treat
scoundrels."
My West Point swordmanship was
not forgotten. Though the Colonel
drew his heavy calvary sabre he was
not quick enough. I caught "m in the
side, below the ribs, and ran him
through before his companion could
interfere. Drawing back I would have
pierced his bowels had not a sudden
shout at the door startled me. The
next moment I was seized from behind
In an iron grip and thrown violently
to the floor, my rapier spinning a dozen
feet away. A heavy knee came down
upon my chest; a pair of strong hands
held my own; two cold gray eyes
looked into mine. I felt that I had met
my master. Tet I protested, strug
gling violently. "Let me up," I cried.
"I did but protect my sweetheart from
the insult of yonder cur of a Colonel."
Then I became suddenly quiet, star
ing into the determined face above
me, smooth-shaven but for" a pair of
fierce, upturned moustaches. The recog
nition was mutual. "Tour Majesty," I
said "I acknowledge your superiority.
I am conquered."
My captor arose and lifted me to
my feet "Mr. Adams," he repied with
a smile, N -"had I recognized you at first
I should have been less vigorous in
my treatment of your person. Now ex
plain this unseemly circumstance."
It was the Kaiser, the War Lord
himself, whom I had met a dozen times.
(To be continued next week)
GREAT SKILL WITH THE NEEDLE
Women of the North Earn Money by
Skillful Manipulation. M _
The women of New England, from
early colonial days, have been noted
for their wonderful skill with the
needle, yet it remains for the house
wives of Hancock County, Maine, to
utilize this art as a means of earning
sufficient funds with which to purchase
winter clothing. More than a thousand
women in this county alone are busiiy
engaged each winter knitting nippers
for the fishermen who sail out from
Gloucester, Mass. A' fisherman's nip
per is a heavy short-wristed wool mit,
with a forefinger protection for the
thumb arid first finger, arid a padded
palm. It is designed for protecting the
hands of fishermen, who haul wet lines
in cold weather.
Fully 30,000 pairs of nippers are worn
out every year, of vhich more than -75
per cent, are knitted by women who
live in the shore town east of Penob
scot River. As a rule, a woman with
active fingers can knit four pairs a day,
in addition to doing her housework.
The pay for making a set of nippers
is four cents, which la taken up in
store trade from the agents. In actual
cash value no more than three cents a
pair is given for the work.
The knitters begin their labors late
In November and continue until Febru
ary or later, the busiest season being
from December 15 until the New Year.
It it not uncommon to see aged women
walking along the streets knitting nip
pers in quickstep time, holding balls of
yarn in their apron pockets.
A smart knitter can use up greater
length of yarn than she can cover in
walking along a good road, her fingers
j outstripping her feet In a ratio of 7 to
5. She is counted a poor knitter who
cannot knit a mile of yarn while she
is walking a mile, though when knit
ting rapidly a brisk walking pace la
not easily maintained.
The women carry their knitting work
about with them, no matter wftat else
they are doing. At evening prayer
meetings the flash and click of the
needles are not unusual accompani
ments. Cases are known in x which
women have taken their knitting to
funerals, though near relatives of the
deceased are barred from this privilege.
As the communities are strictly ortho
dox, no knitting is done on Sundays.
The nipper business furnisnes good
revenue to railroads, steamboats and
stages, and involves an expenditure of
about^llO.OOO a year.
-./Hyacinth's iahdllilies v are artificially
coloredlbv^uttinsJlieir sterna in liquid
dve.r-
Do You Use §B|r
Acetylene? H
We Want to Send You 19
A SAMPLE BUnNEH I j| :
will show better than we can explain here why
it would pay you to use our burners. .
Write us to-day, mention kind of Gene-
rator used, enclose 8 cents in stamps to cover
postage, and we will send you
A Sample Burner
Wo M. CRANE COMPANY
CIISI -S3 BROADWAY,
Room 15, New York, N. Y.
MERCHANTS USING TRADING STAMPS can save the
cost of them by our plan. It increases business
faster, and costs you nothing. Chicago Copy
Co., Dept F. 416-424 Milwaukee Aye., Cicago.
vX^ MILITARY FORM.
tfSg^psag^rrfts Made of superior quality of Batiste, medium
. \||!§silpi\^\ k*£k ust » l° n S on kip s » frH g° re » h° se
fS-4- supporters attached, price, $1.00 per pair. If
\~jP^U n °t f or sa^ e a t your dealers, sent upon receipt '
||El\ WRDSEY SOWERS CO.,
Mflfg 3W. 1 9th St.,
t^/WWI JNew York, M. Y.
I Ir • jrs M?' TWPT 9*.
_ East Boston. Mass.
' . ji^<'-' >' -■' ■ "* * ■■■■■.. . . :■■..■■■■■■.:■:■ :•■■■.■■-:.■.., ■.-,
A Magazine for tbe Millions
.j.-:V-,'. . Devoted to
Industrial, Agricultural, Commercial Development
• and Homemaking 1
' The Best 50 Cent Magazine in America
Do you want to improve your circumstances? Do yon want to Vnow abont theoppor^
tunities awaiting honest enterprise and ambition? Do you want hints on the improvement
of home surroundings? Do you want delightful, entertaining, instructive, beautifully illus
trated reading for the home circle ? All these and more you will find in " OPPORTUNITY^,' *
OUR OFFER
Fill in the coupon below, cut out this entire advertisement and send to us with 50 centi
for one year's subscription. If after you have read the first number you can conscientiously
say that " Opportunity "is not worth i',i cents a month to you, write us to stop it and we
will return your money by first mail. ->
—
OPPORTUNITY PUBLISHERS DATE
279 Dearborn St., Chicago ■__ .. *!>.""*
Enclosed find 50 cents for one year's subscription to " OPPORTUNITY " bsginninr with"
the current number. *" —^
Name .-,— .-
Tost Office ."^
R. Route or Street.... .■••••••••••••••••••••. .'••*••■#.*•••••,
For sale by All Newsdealers. State .'...7.:
JPIiF Oh, Boye ! Oh, Boys t
fiZs PgSSRESg
ffUll 'L. £ an \ an d fine Baseßall. by selling
\ I* "/ /) 2» splendid lead pencil* .tie. eacl?
\\ ~yjl I's dead easy ; bors we trust you.
WSr/V Write for Pencils and circnlar
\.yrv^ showing Onn. Indian Salts. Target
and other premiums.
Thirteenth Klreet Lead I'enoll Co..
330 W. 13th Street, New York ,
CITQ Pcnninenllr Cured. !«o flu « nerronHHW aftsr
fI I O flnit <Uj'» u.-e of l)r Kline '• Orc.t Nerre X?
•torer. Send for FREE, M.OO trial bottUud tnuia
Da. K. It. Kuse, Ltd., Ml Arch St., PMi^.ipM^ P| J* "••
ftMINEHAt. Only Sore Cure.
(fe^&iv bemhj» Poilthre and Permanent.
yf^ijTlgS: Absolutely Pure.
SS*94W3s2s» $1.0.0 P«cki|jt cures any
fc&SU3AL3jJji>ia ordinary case.
$3.oor«ckigecuresa«r»
.ft IB catt or money refunded.
II K3 Sent postpaid on receipt
S • Of ot price- Agents Wamt-
9 ■« *n. Liberal term».
UiiMral Heave Remedy Co., «M4th Am., Pltttbari.Pa.Haveyousa small garden? Ifnot.why?
There is no reason why anyone with
the slightest taste for the pursuit
should not be successful in raising
a garden with very small expense or
effort Unfortunately in most works
on horticulture^ and in all short art
icles on the subject it is taken ior
granted that the reader has some pre
vious knowledge of the business, or at
any rate has his garden already pre
pared by an expert. This will not be
the case with many who intend to
move into suburban homes this spring,
so it is for their benefit the following
hints are given. Even the circum
scribed area available at the back of a
twenty-five foot frontage, will, if prop
erly handled, furnish enough green
delicacies to materially reduce the
grocery bills during the summer, and
add much to the health and comfort of
the family, for a twenty-five foot lot
of ordinary depth should permit the
rear fifty feet to be used for gardening
purposes.
In many instances careless contract
ors scatter the subsoil removed when
excavating basements all over the lot
When this has been the case the work
of preparing the garden ground is in
creased as this unfertile soil must De
removed, until not more than three
inches are left on the plot it is pro
posed to cultivate. When this is well
leveled the ground can be treated the
same way as if still covered with sod,'
the trenching being carried slightly
deeper. The ground having been made
reasonably level the best course to
pursue is to stretch a garden line three
feet from the fence lengthwise of the
plot, and parallel with it stretch an
other, leaving a space of two feet be
tween them. Cut along both lines
with a sharp spade, and a turf path
clear to the alley is the result Prob
ably the sod on this will not at first
look very tempting, but constant travel
.over it, if not too frequent, will Im
prove it so that in time it will afford
a smooth green walk. Now dig a
trench | a foot wide and a foot deep
across the end of the three foot space
between the fence and the path, plac
ing the soil removed, somewhere con
venient for future .use. Into this trench
throw the sod removed from the second
foot, taking care to invert It when do-
Ing so, and then add a thick layer of
coarse manure, tramping it well down.
On top of this throw a deep spadeful
of the underlying soil, and repeat the
Market Gardener Cutting Asparagus Tips,
process until the bed is all dug over.
As soon as the surface Is dry rake in
thoroughly a dressing of fine manure,
mixed with a liberal amount of lime,
and a little coarse salt Then smooth
and level the ground, giving a slope
of about a foot from the fence to the
edge ot the path. Follow the same
course on the other side of the lot, and
at the rear^hd.
This mode of procedure furnishes
two. beds fifty feet long and one of
fifteen which are available for climbing
plants, with a permanent walk around
the garden giving access to the alley
on both Bides. The space between the
paths if treated In the same fashion,
will be sufficient to provide five beds,
each eight by fifteen feet leaving be-
IDEAL GROWTH OF TOMATOES-A FEW LATE PUNTS ALSO AFFORD A PICKLE SUPPLY.
tween them a shallow trench a foot
wide to serve as a weeding path, and
as a drain for carrying off the surface
water, an outlet being provided for
this alongside either or both the lon
gitudinal walks as circumstances may
require. These beds should be neatly
rounded up with soil taken from the
intervening spaces and as soon as
dry, thoroughly raked and smoothed.
They will then furnish an admirable
seed bed that should be almost free
from eeeds, the undersoil of which
their surface la composed, not having
been exposed to inpregnation.
THE SMALL GARDEN.
How to Make a Back Yard Supply the Table Vegetables.
GUY EL LIOTT MITCHELL
' A garden so constructed will stand
great extremes of wet and drouth,
for it is a mistake to suppose that
plants on well laid up beds suffer in
dry weather, on the contrary they will
continue to thrive when those on the
level are withering, so no one need be
afraid of making high beds, though
eighteen inches from the, crown to the
foot of the ditch is sufficient elevation
unless the location Is very low. Some
people might think that to devote so
much space to paths with such . a
small 1 area i available is a useless
waste. This is not the case, for the
frequent paths enable the gardener to
till and gather his crops without the
necessity of treading on the cultivated
ground, an' advantage that far offsets
the loss of space. The same plan may
be followed on property a lot and a
half wide, though, if two full lots are
available, an additional grass walk
down the centre will be useful, and add
much to the appearance of the garden,
which, if all lines are kept perfectly,
A SMALL GARDEN WITH CAREFUL CULTIVATION
WILL PRODUCE A6UNDANT CROPS OF FBESH VEGETABLES. '•■
straight, will in any case be attractive,
even when the beds are bare.
It is obvious that to ensure sym
metry, and for many other reasons,
a plow is entirely out of place in
gardens of this size. In order to
achieve success the work must posi
tively be done by. hand and conscient
iously done at that. The expense ia
really very small, and need only be
incurred once, for a garden so con
stucted will need very little work to
prepare it the second season.' '•" : ■ ••
As to the use to.be made of the
1 beds when proporly prepared, much
depends on the taste of the gardener,
but . a very good way to utilize the
fences on either side is to sow along
them scarlet runners mixed with other
beans. The runners with their gor
geous flowers which bloom from June
till October are very ornamental. They
are also prolific croppers, and despite
an absurd prejudice against them, the
young • pods, when cooked green, are
delicious, while' the shelled beans are
superior to llmas. Scarlet runners
may be planted as soon as the ground
is warm, even as early as mid April,
for the bean itself remains in the
ground sending only Its shoot to the
. surface. They should be sown two at
a time; about four inches deep, and a
foot apart, so that when all danger
of frost is over, more delicate beans
may be planted between 1 them. The
best for this purpose are Cranberry,
Kentucky Wonder and Golden Clus v
ter, as their flowers and pods form a
charming contrast with those of the
runner. In order not to interfere
with the early care of the climbers
it would be well to leave the space
between them and the grass walks va
cant until tomatoes, 1 cabbages and pep
pers are ready to plant out by which
time, if the soil has been kept well
pulverised, the beans will be able to
care for themselves. The little bed
at the foot of the garden might b«
devoted to Japanese climbing cucum
bers. They do well in this climate
and their fruit is more symmetrical and
cleaner than, that of the creeping
variety, which take up too much room
to be available in a small garden.
.As to the five centre beds they
should of course be mainly devoted to
vegetables that are at their best when
fresh gathered. Peas belong to this
category, and besides yielding well,
are almost a sure crop for an amateur
to raise. The eight feet wide beds
should be marked out in straight
rows, the first one a foot from the
ditch, the next two feet from it, and
the same on the other side. The two
middle rows of the first bed should be
planted with a second early pea, such
as Heroine or Dwarf Telephone and
the outside two with an extra early,
such as Motts Excelsior, as this ar
rangement enables the peas first ready
to be picked without disturbing the
others. The same course should be
pursued in the second bed, a second
early i filling the outside rows, while
one of the giant late varieties such as
Stratagem or Duke of Albany oc
cupies the . other. . two. Nothing is
more vexatious to a gardener than to
raise a patchy, crop. . To avoid this
the drills should always be made four
inches- wide, jl l For. • peas they should '
be three or ; four inches deep according
to the heavy. or light nature of the
soil. 'The seeds may be planted some
what thickly, say a dozen to each four
inches of row ofi the width recommend
ed. . When six , inches high, • the soil
should be drawn well against the outer
stems in order to induce the pltmU to
lean towards the centre of the bed.
The third bed may well be used for
crops suitable for salad. , .The two
centre rows being: devoted to, a late
and early lettuce, the outside ones to
white barletta onions, which are j a
sure crop and the best variety for
bunching or pickling. They will do
best in the outside. rows, as then they
can more easily be weeded and thinned
out, and may be sown quite thickly an
Inch deep In drills four inches wide.
To mark the rows radish seed should
be sprinkled very lightly in them.
: ' The centre rows of the next bed
should be sown with early beans to
'MAILNER KREN"
New Horseradish from Bohemia.— An Improved
and Excellent Variety for Garden Use.
supply pods. Valentines for a green
variety, and' Wardwell's Wax for a
yellow one are probably the best The
outside rows should, be reserved for
beets, as they require thinning and
weeding. The centre rows of the fifth
bed should also be put in beans, late
varieties being chosen that are suitable
for shelling, just as they reach their
full size. Yellow Swedish and Red
Flageolets are far the best for this
purpose. One outside row should be
sown to Chard, a delicious and pro
lific vegetable much neglected in
this country, while the others will sup
ply plenty of radishes •if they are
sown broadcast On a double lot a bed
or two should be reserved for early po
tatoes, as nothing is better than the
young tubers . when • fresh . ■ dug, but
they begin to deteriorate very rapidly
as soon as exposed to ; the air, for
nothing equal in flavor to home grown
product can be obtained from a
market man.
With regard to culture, no matter
how strong the temptation may be, no
one should ever attempt to do any
thing in a garden when the foliage is
wet with dew or rain, or until the soil
is sufficiently dry to crumble between
the fingers without adhering to them,
and if it can be avoided no foot should
ever press the cultivated ground. The
most efficacious tool in any garden is
a sharp and narrow rake, which should
be constantly run between the rows
whenever the ground is dry. Except
in very wet seasons this implement
when frequently used will suffice to
keep down all weeds between the rows,
which it also keeps the soil sufficient
ly pulverized to act as a watering: pot
as well. An expert gardener seldom
needs to use a hoe, except when pre
paring his beds for a second crop, or
when a spell of rainy feather has
rendered the use of a rake unadyls
able for quite a long period. There
are several varieties of hand planters
on the market, the best of which save
much labor when planting the coarser
seeds, but a drill or wheel hoe is un
necessary in a small garden. ;
Many suburban gardeners have water
available. This is 1 1 not an j unmixed
blessing, for to spray plants in hot
dry weather is a fatal mistake. At
such times the foliage is not prepared
by nature to receive an artificial sup
ply of moisture, while If the plants
once become accustomed ' to it they
must have It regularly. Constant rak
ing is, far better than watering for if
no crust is allowed to form on the
surface of the soil the plants will al
ways find enough moisture, unless a
very long drought sets in. Even when
this is the case spraying should never
be resorted to; the only safe course to
pursue being to block the outlet drain
and to place the hose so as to fill the
drainage system, but even this must
never be done until after sunset Seed
should always be sown in dry soil but
immediately after a bed has been seed
ed quicker germination can be secured
by giving the ground a moderate soak
ing though after the young shoots ap
pear , they will not I send their roots
down deeply if constantly watered,
and the rootlets that penetrate the
soil in search, of moisture not only
find what they, are -after, but a good
deal of useful plant food as well. .''"'■
As to fertilizers, a wagon load or
two or fairly coarse manure may be
■used. to good advantage during the
trenching process If It is carefully
stamped down -on top \of the sod
thrown in the trenches, but afterwards
nothing but fine well rotted manure
should be used which, should be at
least two years old in order to avoid
the danger of importing the seeds of
noxious weeds. This should be thor
oughly incorporated with the soil after
the crops have been gathered in the
fall. As to commercial fertilizers,
outside lime and salt, though, good in
their place, I fancy amateur gardeners
are better without them. Really the
rake, besides being the best watering
pot, is the best fertilizer I know of,
for its constant use permits the air
to reach, the roots of the growing
plants and the atmosphere . carries
more elements necessary for vegetable
life than can be supplied by any
chemical compound.
With regard to second crops. No
gardener worthy the name ever per
mits any space to lie fallow, if it i 3
possible to raise a second crop, on it
The pea vines, as soon as picked over,
should be cleared away, and the space
they occupied sown with, beans, quick
growing varieties of which, may : be
planted with, good prospects of their
yielding a crop as late as mid July.
The only preparation the bed will need
is loosening up, not turning over, with
a four tined stable fork, and then hoe-
Ing in a barrowful of fine manure. The
first beans ready should also be fol
lowed by a second crop, early varieties
being chosen, and any ground that be
comes vacant between the end of Jury
and the middle of August should be
lightly sprinkled with turnip seed, and
well raked • over. After that date
radishes are the only safe crop to sow.
If these simple directions are faith
fully followed, especially those,relat
ing to the first preparations of the
ground, any, amateur gardener is
bound to raise a succession of crops
which will go far towards supplying
the family with green delecacies, even
if i his energies are confined to a very
limited area. ' " Pebcy Taylob.
LONG ISLAND'S BARREN LANDS.
Project to Make Them, Productive
—Railroad Making Experiments.
Another railroad has essayed tho
problem of reclaiming land. This
time it is the Long Island Railroad
Company. It has taken tinder Its con
trol a plot of land containing about
seventeen acres near the end of the
north shore of the island. The land
Is typical of much of that on Long Is
land, It is known as pine-barrens;
Is considered sterile and is in the full
est sense of the -word waste land.
The railroad company '■ will establish
an experimental fruit and vegetable
farm. The company also intends to
establish an experimental farm near
the middle of the island and another
on the south shore.
Suffolk county has an area of 730,
117 acres of which 40,000 have been
esteemed of so little value that they
have never been assessed for taxes,
and the value of 200,000 acres of the
remainder is so slight that the taxes
levied have been nominal. The des
patches telling of this experiment of
the Long Island Railroad announce
that several other railroad companies
will be interested spectators of the re
enlts, which if .satisfactory will be
accepted as examples worthy to be
followed.
American raidroads not only open
irp new land to settlement, but «xert
themselves to attract 6ettlers and al
so reclaim waste land. The railroads
of the west have done effective work
In promoting emigration to that section
and the roads of the south and south
west are now particularly active In
soliciting immigration. The southern
lines have perhaps done more than
a ? 77 rr i °J} ier & sency in turning the tide
0* Italian immigration Into the cotton
and sugar fields and the mm cities of
the aoutb.
Enough Is Eaoagh.
Quitting work with a million dollars
saved in twenty-five years, the mana
ger of the Waldorf-Astoria in New
York sets an example that might well
be followed by those men who get the
money-making craze and develop
from "captains of industry" through
"plutocrats" to something worse.
Thomas H. Hillard came from Ireland
when he had attained his majority.
He Is now forty-six and a millionaire,
having made it all in hotel manage
ment and a careful investment of his
savings. He Is of the opinion that he
has ■ worked hard enough and long
enough. Acquaintance with the range
of hotel prices, in connection with ho
tel tips, would indicate that he had
also worked people enough, although
there has been nothing in Mr. Hil
lard's career to show that he has ever
made an overcharge. On the other
hand, he has devised many of the
modern conveniences that add to the
delectability of hotel existence. But
the best thing he has done has been to
'■Tiow when he had enough and to
stop when he got it
Sine Million Plows at Work.
\ It's plowing time. Two hundred
million acres of land will be plowed
this year in the United States and
about 9,000,000 plows are on the farms
to do the work. The capital invested
in plows alone represents $80,000,000.
Such a , multitude of types of ! plows
and plowers can be found on this old
continent that we can but name a
few. In the great southwest the Mo
have with his three or four squaws
starts for the planting ground. Each
woman carried her digging stick, the
most primitive of fall plows, and the
man stands guard all day while the
"original farmers" of this country dig
the land and plant their gourd seeds.
In Canada but for the interference of
the government we might see the
Doukhabor women drawing the plow
in exactly the same way that they
have done for centuries. In New
England the oxen are being yoked,
and in the middle west the fourhorse
teams are ready. In the south , the
negro sits on his plow hilt to watch;
the train go by. i
In other parts of the country we find
traction engines i at ' work, plowing
forty or more acres a day and requir
ing but two or three men to do it
MISTAKES ABOUT NICOTINE.
Doesn't Accumulate in Pipe Stems—
Very Little Nicotine Poisoning.
There are probably few subjects
about which more people are misin
formed than nicotine.
N9arly everyone speaks of the dark
brown substance which has about the
consistency and color of molasses and
accumulates in the stems of pipes as
nicotine. According to a scientific ar
ticle, it is not nicotine at all, and It
has no nicotine in it ■
"It Is nothing but . tar — tobacco tar,
distilled from the smoke, just as coal
tar Is distilled from coal and pine tar
from pine wood. One might swallow
all the tobacco tar, that a rank clay
pipe contains without serious harm.
If he swallowed the same quantity ot
nicotine he would probably be dead
inside of five minutes. ■ •■.. . - '.
It is the tar that stains the pipe,
and it is the same tar that stains
the cigarette smoker's fingers. It is
also found , inside the nostrils of one
who inhales I smoke, and it puts jan
indelible stain on mustaches. \ ': \
.It is true that tobacco contains
more nicotine . than any, other known
plant, but nicotine is not a plentiful
article in nature. ■ '•■. The rankest • Ken
tucky tobacco contains less than 8 per
cent of nicotine, and the finer grades
of tobacco, such as Havana, have less
than 2 per cent \ . . . \
. One often hears cigarettes condemn
ed because the smoker gets so much
more nicotine through . inhaling | the
smoke. - The j fact is that a cigarette
smoker gets ' almost no nicotine, be
cause the tobacco of which cigarettes
are made contains ' next to no nico
tine. Turkish and N Egyptian tobaccos
carry only a trace jof nicotine, and
some of them none at all.
But no matter how much of this
deadly element a tobacco contains, 1
the smoker does not get it. Nicotine
is not extracted by burning the tobac
co. Burning destroys It entirely.
. One often hears of nicotine poison
ing, but it is very doubtful if there is
any such thing. When one is poison
ed with, nicotine he dies, and he
doesn't get poisoned by smoking.
There are plenty of good reasons why
smoking should not be carried to ex-,
cess, but nicotine poisoning is not
one of them.
As, Put. — Mrs. Slower "I am bo 1
glad your brother enjoyed hl3 visit to
us, Mr. 1 Greene." ;
Mr. Greene: ''Oh, he is the sort of
youngster who can enjoy himself any
where, you know." .
#5 "Photographers.
' S*5S«, \ BE WISE! ;
| te£fljK l Thr °w Away Your Bottles aid Scales :
.A^S-JuSh i •nau«thsN.P.C.C.photofraphle |
' jr\ / STZ ( preparations only. •W« do the
' r\^i j^L-&»tv \wslfhlng and yoa add the water.
I •S^^ifef 1 aTo'iV p N- P. 6. C. IEPIA TONER
sT XTflpk- hFVPinDFR Black and white prints on developing /
ucvcmrciv paper may bo re-developed at any time
Nonpoisonbus and will not stain the to a perfect sepia. 25 cents for six tubes. \
fingers, 25 cents for six tubes, sufficient TREE SAMPLE '
111 1 for 24 ounces developer for Velox, Cyko, of N. P. CC. Developer and Sepia V
1 Rotox and other developing papers, or Toner sent on receipt of ten cents in 1 '
I 60 ounces plate or film developer. stamps to cover postage and packing.
J NATIONAL PHOTOGRAPHICJSHEMICAL COMPANY
I Ith Street and Pa. Aye.. N. W. Washington, O. C.
:i I PAGE^WIrF
f Made by the basic open-hearth process in our Steel Mills, Monessen, Penn-
sylvania. Has double the tensile strength of common fence wire, the springi-
ness of a high grade spring wire, and is used only in the manufacture of
Page Fences and coiled springs. Ask for "A Trip Through Our Mills.". It
tells how Page- Wire is made ; how it differs from common fence wire and
why it is stronger and better. Sent free by return mail. Write for it to-day.
Page Woven Wire Fence Co.. Box 925, Adrian, Mich.
THE NATION'S BRIOE.
Latest Copyrighted Imperial Size Portraits of the President' 9
Daughter, Mrs. Nicholas Longworth (nee Alice Roosevelt).
▲ Magnificent Souvenir of the Greatest of White House Weddings.
I Published by authority of Miss Koobitm.
_ These exclusive photographs have been reproduced in copper engraviogaond
printed in sepia on special tinted paper, suitable for framing.
Arrangea in large panels as shown in accompanying illustrations.
6 poses in Ball Dress, sire 13x30 inches,
6 poses in Street Dress, size 12x34 inches.
Now Belling in New York City for f 1.00 each. Our special offer (edition 12ffl!ts4.
\ Either panel 25c, or both panels 40c, postage prepaid.
Address NATIONAL PHOTO-SOUVENIH CO.;
Lock Bos 61, WASHINGTON, D. C.
By Finn, the Comedima,
"Like a crate full of coals I bar*
A great full honge to see. :
And should I not grateful pr»T4s»
▲ great fool I woald be,"
A report Issued at Simla give* tafl
number of deaths last year In India,
caused by serpents, tigers and wolve«,
as 2.157. T^
«*> ■....
Sixty thousand elephants' • ■ tre
slaughtered annually to jj wippljr the
world with Ivory.
No Flight or Fancy,
A bird in the hand Is worth two In
the bush—if it was on a hat,.the mil-:
liner's bill would show if was worth
about forty in the bush.
PAINT WITHOUT OIL.
Remarkable Discovery Tbat Cnta Sown
the Cost of Paint Seventy-five Per Cent.
Free Trial Package and Bio; Book Testing
All About Paint* and Paint-Matin* are
Mailed Free to Everyone Who Writes. ■■-:. '■-
A. L. Rice, a prominent mamfactorer pfS
Adams, N. V., has discovered a process of mak-
ing a new kind of paint without the use of oil. -
He calls it Powdrpaint. It comes to yon a dry !
powder and all that is required is cold water
to make a paint weather-proof, fire-proof and
as durable as oil paint. For many purposes it
is much better than oil paint, and is indis- 9
pensable to every property owner. It adheres
to any surface, wood, stone or brick, spreads
and looks like oil paint yet costs only. one- k
fourth as much. ■ x?<~ 1 *
Write to Mr. A. h. Rice, Manuf r, 366 North
St., Adams, N. V., and he will send you a free
trial package together with color card and his,
valuable book on painting, all free. This boon
is necessary to ail who use paint.' It lets you]
into the secret of paint making, exposes fake]
paints, tells you bow to get the best results'
from paint for different purposes, and shows
you how you can save and make a good many,
dollars. Write today and the book, free trial
of paint, etc., will be sent yoa without any I
cost by return mail. .-■ '■ ,— <>«U v
W HB B JCan Save q tot of Wcjcy?
■ El Can Increase Your Comlorttl
9%9 Hk9 C *n '"»<"«» Your Profits!
§lr yoa ire Interested In time things .7*
vepduks to Mad you our new book about
» Horathua million and a quarter ot than am
In use and several hundred thousand Cumssraßfty
that thej- are ti.9 best InTestm.nt the/ tnr maula. -.
They'll savo yoa more money, mon work, gtr. bat- 8
ter eerrlca and greater satisfaction than any other
metal wheel made—because They're Ma«e Batter. '
By arery test they are the beit Spoke, united to
the hub. If they work loo«e. jour money back, j
Don't bay wheels nor wagon until yon read our ■
book. It may sare yoa many dollar* anilU'atrM.
ELECTRIC WHEEL 00,
Box 283 Qutnoy, Hl«.
GIOIMG TO BUILD?n^
I Getheatlngplansnght.OtherasaTe|r>^>l
I by reading onr free foriaee book. I IMP I
1 Tell; about $49.00 leader Tvnv».\\^ZU\
■■■ Send for It today. Hess Warminf • I fSS^J,
IVentilatiag-C0.,744 Taeoma, Bide.. Chieajto. Lj*^-*
45c DISH PAN SAVED
_^^^"^»v* By Using St. John's Tin Mender and
I f ■: ■ . ->lv a- Match. Don't pay the tinsmith is
L **** »*"jw&fil cents every time you have a little
aft; X^" eSvV lealc m y°ar P«ns. kettles, pots.
*$.(fl «Hs! et°- Me™! It yoanelt In bait a
\f" ™2*j minute, and 100 other mend« for I-s
X ta "f i "^ cent, per mend. Ready for Instant:.
\* .JW-i nse. Mends all holes, from the
■ -» else of a pin point to 1-1 Inch In.
rtlameter. Greatest household oonrenlenoeaTerlnTeDted. ,
Write to-day for Bt. John's Tin Mender, SSeenta,pre- 3
aid ; per dozen, Jl.tß, prepaid. Bonansafor agents.
E. N. CORNEAU & CO.,
Dept. 49 Elrer Btreok . ' ' CIIIOAOO
I/SWlk. will bring to you by mail a*
Mtn 0 Boz. box of BVTLSk'S FLA
BfTlla TOBUfG CRYSTALS super-
H OS Utiorto any «Sc bottle of liquid
Ij3 Heortract (unchangeablein cook.
eg] « ing and non-aJcoholx). Vanilla,
n^iS sricv lciuoDa oirflLOtrc* i*mrn^n^i ■ clove*
ES |H cinnamon, gmger and nutmeg
EIS Efl flavors. Indorsed by U. S. com-
W Ef missftn at Paris Exposition.
lIpESF Your money back if you want it.
• Send 10c to-day to r.
Jos. Batter Co. if Battery Place $. r. tlty