OLDEST PAPER
LARGEST CIRCULATION
It Payt the Bntineii Han to Adver*
ti e in the Ledger.
Established October 27, 1855.
_,_ LAWYERS.
rtTM. <». SNYDKU,
Attorneys t-Lnnr,
JACKSOK, CAL.
omce In Marella Hulldlnf?, Court dtreet.
VIH practice In all tho oourtsof tho state, fe
DOCTORS.
T7l K. KNDICOTT, M. I>.
IMiynlcliw nnrt Surgeon
JACK9OS, CAf..
>fflce: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all tlmes t
|-v|l. FIIKO F. SritAdUE
I'hyslclnn mill Surgeon
Office— Next door to restdouce, north Main
street, opposite California hotel.
Telephone Main 32
r\U. A. M. OALL
Phynlclnn nnil Surgeon
Jackson, Cai.
Omoe in Marella building. Main Street.
T> S. OOODJIAN M I>.
riiyalclon anil Surgeon
SUTTEU CREEK, CAL.
-pvlt. L. «. LYNCH
Physician and Burgeon
T , Office, Main 86
Residence, Main 27
Amador City, Cal.
T> F, WALKER, M. D.
* Practice limited to diseases ot
EYE, EAR, NOSE and THROAT
Offlce-7-8, Baldwin Bldg., (over Smith k Lang's
STOCKTON, UAL. 'r 3l
DENTISTS.
y VII. J. D. FOGABTY
Dentist, .
JACKSON, CAL.
Offices in Kay Building, Mala street. „ ;
Hours 9to 5. Telephone Black 303
T\K- JOHN A. DKLUCCIII
— : — DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office Hotms:— Prom 9 a. m. to 6 p. no.
TTVtt A. W. BUTHKKLAND
DENTIST
AMADOR CITY, CAL.
Telephone, Main 51. Hours 9-5
TT>ICHARI» WKHB
United States Commissioner
JACKSON JQAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other filings;
taking of final proofs and all other Land
Business.
Deeds and other logal documents drawn up.
The A. Van derNailen School
Of Civil, Electrical Mining Engineering, etc.
ESTABLISHED 1864.
Occupying their own large building, work-
shop und laboratories.
Great demand for ex-students in all lines.
New students should enroll at once. •
TELEGRAPH AND 51st,
OAKLAND, CAL. mytB
Send for Catalogue.
Team and Buggy
HARNESS
AU hand sewed.
A DACCA
Main st. t Jackson
RJ. H. LAINGHORST
Main Street, Jaokson
Dealer in— -
-Yf AMERICAN WATCHES. CLOCKS JEWELRY
AND SILVEnWARB
*» All goods warranted ai represented
Repairing of watches, Clocks and jewelry
upeclalty.
Amador Ledger.
JACKSON. AMADOU COUNTY. OALItfOItMA, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 11, 1908.
Board of Supervisors.
The board of Biipflrvisorß met Tiion
iliiy, September 8; nil memliera pre
sent. After rending mid approving
Mm minutes of last, meeting, the
following claims were examined and
ordered pnid out of the respective
funds:
Hospital fund—
(1 L Thomas, meat • 9 70 12
U Oueto Co., vegetables • 9 HO
i J Jj Caasinelli, allowauco • 10 00
I'aoiHo lei. & Tel. Co., pbones 170
F Tallon, filing saws - • i 2 00
Mrs C Langhorst, supplies - 14 :i5
A A Massa. wood • • 48 00
bJ B I'itoia, digging gravos, eta. 14 00
X Ulnocouio Jiros., clothing • 41 80
D lionii, conveyance • - 4 00
Kldd'Uros.. bay - • '240 07
Spaguoli Drug Co., drugs - U 25
Bnm Phear, rep. shoes • 2 50
Wni Carey, labor - • 10 00
Mrs I Ji Letnoin, matron • :;<> 00
Il'I 1 ' J! Lemoin, snpeiiutondent - 00 00
Mrs Al A Tregloan, oook •' 30 00
Mrs J Turner, washing • H 00
X X Endlaott, physician - GO 00
Mrs C Kichlmyer, water - 7 00
Annul or X X L Co., lights - G 15
i 1i 1 L Cassinelli, groceries • 182 33
Jackson (Jaa L Co., gas - 4 75
Current Expense—
L Lamb, labor assessor's office $*12 00
Mrs C Langborst, supplies - 72 00
W Li Rose, witness fees • 5 10
T S Tuttie, health officer - 43 50
Fred Kabb, jail rent - - 5 00
Jackson (Jas Jj Co, gas - 15 05
A Onllo. mileage • - 240
W M Amick, " '- - 240
D A Praser, " - . - 80
National Hotel, meals tor jury 59 35
W a Doan, repotting - 36 00
J D Perkins & Son, supplies - 1 60
W J ISryaut, witness fees - 190
J H Stapleton, " " - 1 90
C N Thorns, ," " 1 90
Mrs Annie Hurst, board • 15 05
U 8 Uregory brd. ot prisoners - 96 00
Spagnoli Drug Co., drugs for jail 3 GO
W Gibbert et al, coyote bounty 30 00
John Podesta, blue jay bounty • 3 30
Amador Dispatch, printing • 55 75
A Carlisle & Co. supplies • 3 25
County offices, postage ' - 25 00
V W Parker, watohman - ;'lo 00
Amador X X &'Li Co., lights - 300
John Uuizi, interperter - 15 00
UIS Gregory, traveling exp. - 14 00
Mrs C Hicbtmyer, water - (j 00
Vela & Piccardo, supplies - 54 00
C 10 Parker, expressage • 3 91
Mrs Audio Hurst, board - 43 00
Pacific Tel. & Tel. Co., phones 21 00
Mrs D doing, washing • 750
N X .Wheeler, expenses • 18 75
Win Uoing, janitor ' - - 70 00
11 X Potter, inquests - - 22 37
Mrs M W Folger, expreasage - 1 7h
Jas Bryant, witness fees - 15 80
U Pionnelli, " " - - 830
Luigi Nilo, " " - " 830
J S Uotfman, " 5 10
John Miller, " " - 940
(iarbariui Jlros. , labor ■ - - 250
U'Neil & Podesta, livery • 8 00
Mrs Mary Turner, guarding - 6 00
Ueo Tolman, plasteriug • 25 00
Sam Pheai, expresaage - -50
Ueo Tolman, painting • '207 00
Koad District No. I—o W Kelley,
labor 818, Garbarini Jiioa. 2 30, Al
Dutreue 97 50, Frank Davalle, 21 C
Getnlio 47, J Martell 1 50, Paul
Kassia 4.
Koud District No. 2-W H Lmug
ford,labor 890. Draper & Niohols 15.G0.
Koad District No. 3-fJeo Rule,
labor SI!), it O McKean 10, J Kclioon
niaker 12, (J Sobroder et al 34, X
Thompson G. 75; A Piccardo, supplies
0.50, 11 Schroder 3.17.
Koad District No. 4— Fred Uabb,
labor, 31 John lticbards 10, JS White
0 75, A Malatesta' 4, 11 Cook 108 40,
t! Ken 2, \V JJoitano 2, J Casagrande
2, I) White 4; ClO Kichards, Ktipulics
4 1)5; W H Norton, hose 2 50.
Koad District No. 5— C Freeman,
labor 81, S Sharp 4, Joe Davis 2.
Uauerul Koad Fuud — T Stowers,
labor 812; O'Noil & Podesta, livery
3 50; Auiador Co. It Co., lumber
38 30, F M Wbitmore 7 SO, Amador
Co. L Co. 21 GO.
Salary Fund— John Strouin, W M
Aruiok, D A IVraaer, A Urillo and
it iiurke oaoh 825 as road commission
era.
In the matter of the application of
VV. J. Hite for liquor license for
suloon in Oieta, there was a lively
skirmish. Kemonstranoeu of tbe
women of Oleta to the (framing of tbe
license, mid also communication from
residents of that village nuking that
the lliieiiae be grantod were lead. K.
C. Hole appeared an couuaul fur tbe
petitioner. The following witnesses
were examined: W J J 1 1 to, lieu D
Freii'jh, Louis Smith, Kaymoud
Kichards and J C Duvore. It was
thereupon moved by Urtllo, seconded
by Htrnlmi that tbe petition ot W J
llltefor permit to retail liquors iv
Oleta, be granted, which was oatried
by the following vote: Ayna— (lrillo,
Amick, Strolim; noes— llutke, Franer.
Permits to retail liquors were also
granted to the following: Cavaguaro
and Petrinovlch, T. M. ISynn, Mary
A Votaw, Win. Hanley, J. Pionelli,
Luoot & lioro, (Julio JiroH., Jos
Dufrene, I'hlchizola Estate Co.,
ilondl & Kosa, A. Cassassa, (.1, lirngti
vlcb, S. Hbarpe, W 11 (Jlaason, Peter
1 Jonas.
Mrs Annie 10. Campbell was allowed
86.25 pet mouth for support of half
orphan.
Mrs Uomoz waa allowed 815 per
month for support, until further
order of tbe board.
W. L. Rose appeared before tbe
board for an appropriation for tbe
erection of a jail at Sutter Creek.
Supervisor Fraser was ordered to
erect a jail at a cost not to exceed
82!J'J.
At the request of A. Caminetti tho
application of E. (Jliiunu for a liquor
license was laid over.
The sum of 375 allowed for the
repair of the Silver .Lake road around
Carson Spur. Ueo. A Kirkwood ap
pearing in behalf of an appropriation
for such purpose.
Warrants wore canoelled on tbe
various funds as follows:
School fund - . - - 81083 93
Current expense • • 3338 51
Hospital - - - • 740 30
Salary - ... 3073 31
Road district No. 1 - • 287 55
" " 2 ■ . - 158 00
. " " 3 - ■ 44 00
-
" V 4 - - 214 84
" " 5 ■ - 30 55
General road - • - 53 05
Bridge .... 822 73
Teachers' institute and library 240
Oneida special building fund - 10 00
Total SlWill 23
Adjourned until Sept. 21.
* »■-■-■-■ l_ ■■_■!.-_ - I- l-l-l-l- -11-M
Dennis Arrested.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday
by Robert Christenson of this town
for tlio, arrest ot Jackson Dennis, ex
president ot the Uutter Creek State
Bank, on a charge of < embezzelment.
It is alleged that be kept arTd appro
priated to his own use and benefit $500
belonging to tbe complainant. At
present writing, be bad not yet been
found.— Amador Record.
In addition to tbe above charge an
other warrant was issued on tbe com
plaint of Dennis Madden" charging
Jackson Dennis with embezzlement
of tbe sum of 811250, belonging to
the banking corporation. Sheriff
(jregory when ho left bere last Fri
day morning, taking tbe three
prisoners, Ed. and Jack Keyes and P.
McQuirk, to serve their five years
each in San Quentin for stealing
eight chickens, .was armed with tbe
two warrants for tbe arrest ot Dennis,
the president of tbe wrecked bank.
He returned with Dennis in charge
Tuesday evening. Dennis came up
provided with a bond, which was
fixed by justice Uoldner at $12,000 in
tbe case iv Jackson. Tbe sureties
were Homer W. Wood, formerly ot
the Amador Kecord, aud who has
been an attorney representing Dennis
in tbo bank's complications from the
outset, lie is from San Francisco.
Tbe other surety is John R. Tregloau,
formerly of Amador City, who is un
questionably a man of means. Dis
trict attorney Vicini required tbat
the bondsmen appear and give satis
factory proof of tneir ability to meet
tbo obligation, and the bearing was
to be had yesterday. In the mean
timo the accused bank president was
liberated on tbe strength of tbe bonds
given.
In the Sutter Creek case tho amount
of the bonds required is 87000. Jack
son Dennis has beeu in Jackson and
Sutler Creek since he was brought
here by the olllcers, iv the effort to
eeouro bondsmen. He is represented
by R. C. iiole as attorney. On tbe
two charges it will require nearly
838,000 to seoure bis release peuding
trial.
Peter Dubovicb is out on bonds iv
connection with alleged shady tiuti
sactious of the closed lianJc, iv 31U,
000, qualifying iv double that amount
making 85(1,000 all told.
Card of Thanks
We desire to express our siucoru
thanks to all friends who tendered
assiHtuuce iv any way during the last
illness and fuuerul ceremonies of a
beloved huubaud ami father, Francis
Ledoux.
Mm. L.edoux and family.
-• - •
Don't think tbat piles cau't be
cured. Thousands of obHtlnate cases
have littitn cured by Doau'u Olutuitnit.
l>o runts at any drug stoic.
DEEDED TO STATE
On Account of Delinquent Taxes of
1902.
I >(H'(Ih to the state have been Hind
for reootd In the reoorder's olllce for
the undermentioned property, on
account of unpaid taxes for tho year
1002. i in) ninount of taxes given in
what was duo lit the time of nit to
the Mate, 1'artlflH who own tiny of
the |utriMilH described should settle as
soon aa possible, aa the nxpensfla
Hocutnulnto right along, and besides
any person can apply to have any
pieo" put up for sale at unction to
the higheat bidder.
Q (iii8aassB, part of lot 10 block I 1 .',
*» U n 1 1 1 1 ( late, 87.
Mrs H Clark, house and Jot in
South Jackson, 88 24.
Estate or "I'tiil Cninnie, frnc. of 10
5-1 i, «:: 22
A (.'aminetti, interest by mortgage
on land in 17 and 18-0-12, 822 IX
Adams & Kkol, lots 1!), 21, 25, 26
and 27 block 6,Lanolia Plana, $2 07.
J I) Morton, interest by mortgage
on Minnie Prinoe, Dream, IJonanzn,
Queen, Anna Williams, New Year,
Annie Lane, (Jolden Eagle, Oriental
Sweepstake, i'Jl Dorado and Superior
Quartz mine, El Dorado county and
Clark Hill, Deep (1 ravel Placer and
Nigger Hill Cement Gravel mine,
*3.77
Milton ISearoe, house on Bonanza
mine, 80 11.
J lioomersbine, Amador State quartz
mine and mill in 20-7-13, 35 35.
Clark Jiros., 180 acres in section 2
and 3-7-11, 821 61.
G 15 Laugblin, interest by mortgage,
833. 39.
Mrs 11 A Jlollistor. Whitmore
quartz claim, Volcano district, $11. 45.
I 1 rank LieDeux, 480 acres in 28 and
29-7-12, 84 88.
Lone Hill M. Co., 100 acres in
4-7-11, 827 89.
Ella M Myers et al, 80 acres in
30-7-12, 81 88.
.Laura, C Khealor, 280 acres in 5, (i
and 8-7-13, 824 72.
J K Shea I or, 120 acres in 6-7-13,
836 06.
fjjj C Walker, lot 1 block 4, Pine
Grove, 810 99. ' ']
A El Webster, lot 1 block 3, -Pine
Grove, 811 96.
J B Weston, 100 acres in 30 and
31-8-12, 813 20. rtli .
J K liiillni'd and Eclipse M. Co.,
lot 9 block 2 and two quartz claims
in Amador City, 820 82.
Win and Alex Hodge bouse on Lin
coln ground, Butter Creek, 88 17.
D Kagbuaiua, lot 21 block 1, Ama
dor City, 82 68.
J Burke, lot 2 block 10, Plymouth,
SI 03.
Blue Jay and Klondyke M. Co.,
Blue Jay quartz mine in 14-7-10,
81 88.
P and U liusch, lot 0 block M, Dry
town, 81 03.
Li Largomarsino, lot 2 block 21,
Plymouth, 81 03.
Mrs S. II. Nichols, lot 11 block 20,
Plymouth, 81 57.
it Pennington, 80 acres in 25-8-9,
87 51.
C \V Swain, 40 acres in 31-8-10,
85 90.
Wm. Thomas, lot 2 block 22, Ply
mouth, 82 08.
■Ian. 11 Allison, interest by mortgage
on Allison niino near Plymouth,
SI 49.
Horse Race Between
Jackson Flyers.
Saturday afternoon a borse race at
the agricultural park at lone attract
ed quite a crowd to the track. Tbe
contesting speeders wore owned re
spectively by (ireen & Ratto aud
U'Noil & Podesta, of tbe two livery
stables of this city. A stake of 810U
a side depended upon tbe outcome,
the distance was 500 yards. Ratto
and (Jreeu's horse won. There was
considerable money changed bauds ou
tho event outside of the prize con
tested for.
Under Treatment at
German Hospital.
T. A. .Chlohlzola of Amador City,
in iv San Francisco uudergoiug troat
ment at tho (ionium bospital for
varicose veiue. The disease has
troubled Him for a long time, and
latterly bad become so bad as to seri
ously Interfere with hiH business. At
the advice ot relatives and friends he
determined tc go to the city and sub
mit to a thorough treatment at the
liiiuds of specialists.
OASTOHIA.
Bears the /? ' tia W HaVB A ' WayS
PIONEER I'LOUR always has boon
and still U tho bedt.
MINING NOTES.
Bunxer Hill— This property con
tinues to develop in n highly satis
faotory manner. A record was made
last month in drifting. In 18 work
ing days, working full shifts, 140 feet
was run. Tbis breaks the record of
all such work in Amador county, be
ing at tbe rate of nearly 8 feet per
day. Of course this vraa in regular
ledge matter, where the rock broke
readily, but with all this, it ih a ro
ruarkable feat in drilling. Prepara
tions are being made lor sinking; to
carry tbe shaft IUO feet deeper, open
ing up two new levels of 200 feet
each.
After Mines— Edward Bates, repre
senting eastern capitalists, was here
several days looking over the Cham
pion mine in Hunt's gulch, adjoining
tbe Doyle mine, lie also looked into
the affairs of tbo latter claim, [and
hopes to be nble to get parties to take
bold of that likely property. There
certainly ought, to be, aud no doubt
is plenty of good mining ground yet
to be opened between Jackson and
tbe Mokelumne river.
Butte Basin Gravel.— Several parties
interested in tbe drifting operations
now in progress to strike tbe pay
gravel believed to exist in tbe Butte
basin have been looking over the pro
perty tbe past week. They are W.
McGill, li. F. Pearson, F. E. Holton,
J. P. Little and W. E. Stewart, the
latter having charge of tbe work.
They have run over 200 feet all told,
and are believed to be within a few
feet of tbe auriferous channel. The
tunnel is dry, but there is said to be
large quantities of water overhead, a
strata of clay above being water
tight.
Mrs. Robertson Passes Away.
Mrs. RoberteoD, widow ot tbe late
Dr. E. ii. Robertson, for many years
a prominent physician and surgeon of
Jackson, died at the St. Jonepn's
bospital in Stockton on Monday
last, after a lingering illness. At
life's closing scene there wero present
her two surviving daughters— Mrs
Herrlck of San Francisco, and Mrs
Elsie Gall of Jackson, also Dr. Gall,
who on account of tbe alarming turn
in the sickness of Mrs Robertson,
wan impelled to delay his return
home after attending tbe republican
stale convention two weeks ago. The
funeral took place in Stockton on
Wednesday, the remains being de
posited by tbe side of deceased's first
husband. Deceased left this county
soon after tbe death of Dr. Robertson,
about 9 years ago, and has since
made ber borne in Stockton.
Church Notes.
Tbe M. E. Sunday school will meet
as usual on Sunday morning at 10
o'olock. There will be no other ser
vices at tbe church for two Sundays
on acoount of the pastor being at the
seat of conference.
EPISCOPAL.
Kegcilar services will be beld in St.
Augustine's Episcopal church as
follows:
11 a. m.— First and third Sunday
in each month.
7:30 p. m.— Second and fourth Sun
day in each month.
Amador Man Won
Drilling Contest In Grass Valley.
W. H. Daily, recently a resident of
Jackson, andau employe of tbe mines
in tbis vicinity, was a victor in two
drilling contests at tbe labor day
picnic iv Grass Valley, Nevada
county, last Monday. In tbe main
or double-baud event Daily and bis
partner, lieu Polglase, drilled a down
hole '.VI 1 i inches in lifteen minutes.
The other ti\o teams were a tie with
:\\Ji inches each.
in the single-handed drilling there
were four contestants, Daily won tbe
llrst prize making 15% inches iv
fifteen minutes. Tbe next best score
was 1 .')?•,! inches.
Gambling
your life against 25 cents is just ex
actly what you are doing l( you
neglect a cough or cold on tbe cl>"st
instead of treating it with Ual'ariVs
llorebouud Syrup. A 25 ceuc bo' tie
ot this splendid remedy will euro au
ordinary cough, heal the lungs aud
act as v tonic for your entire nystem.
Sold by Kiilikci-'h City Pharmacy.
Tumor Removed.
J. C. Lima ot near Kutte was
operated upon Tuesday morn ing by
Dr. Kudioott, iihhihlikl by Dr.
ttprugue, fur tbe iemoval of a tumor
from the back ot his neck. He had
boeu troubled with this abnormal
growth for neveral years, tho tumor
steadily inmeaHiug in tue. Finally,
in hope ot a permuueut cure, tie con
sented to the application of the
sui'Reou's knife. The tumor waa as
huge as a walunt.
You can gcfymir, J.Ullh»»rttf;
Letter Heads, etc., printed at
the Ledgnr for less than you
can buy blank stock for else
where.
THY IT.
Fivo Cents Per Copy*
Hotel Arrivals
(llolie— Thursday : JM Feeuan, J
Ii Batfli, P A Bernstein, Han Fran
cisco; L AkiiiK, C F Thomas, U
Atbey, Sinol: 'C llallcroft, Sacra
mento; Wm Jaooba; J Doyle, Gwin
Mine.
Saturday— X Ludekens and wife,
Dofendor; X Good ing, Camancbe; J
Eokert, Mrs 10 A Moore, Mrs H Dii
lard, Stockton; VV T Krigbaum, Oak
laud; C If Shields, Monterey; U
Klcbard, Han Francisco.
Sunday -Mrs Sowden, <Jmn Mine;
Samuel Andrews, Blair, Nevada; Il'I 1 ' B
Joyce, Defender; F Merrisini, San
Francisco; W Williams, Angela
Camp.
Monday— JO R Santirfo, Harry
Perry, Volcano; Rose Hartoldo, Alma
Boe, San Andreas; C Bradsunw, Mrs
Hipkins, Kelso Ballantine, Pine
Grove; Mth P Lepley, Miss Anna
Leoley, Plymouth; Walter Lucot,
Mrs W Lucot, Matt Muldoon, Leland
Gorman, Donald Gorman, Sutter
Creek.
Tuesday-Alice E Gartliu; Mrs B 11
Smith, Defender; M F Gallagher,
Electra; Geo Tolman, DA Fraser,
Sutter Creek; D French, Eva French,
Oleta; G R Allen, San Francisco;
Allen McWayne, Drytown; F Sequin,
lone; John Hansen, Pine Grove.
National— Saturday: A Christen
sen, Washington, D C; Mrs A S
Church, Sacramento; F B Wincbell,
E V Vieva, San Francisco.
Sunday— N C Finley, E Fitzgerald,
San Francisco; R Strunk, New York;
Wm. Liversedge, Blair. Nev. ; D Ray
mond, San Jose.
Monday— Fred Rabb, — Myers,
Sutter Creek; A B Summers, Ply.
mouth.
Tuesday— D Grilio, Volcano; J J
McDonald, Sacramento; M B Sur
baugb, A Marker, C C Huff, A T.
Cook, San Francisco.
Wednesday— Mr and Mrs R W
Thomas, L R Beasley, San Franoisco ;
R W Steckel, Hamby Mine; W H
Sheets, G A Prowse, Stockton; Ed. J
Ellsworth, Sacramento.
Reunion of Old Pioneers.
The annual reunion of old pioneers
of Jackson and vicinity was beld at
the residence of Charley Peters r on
September v . It has been tbe custom
for several years to celebiate admis
sion day by a gathering at tbe Peters'
borne, ; Charley being the 'ranking!
pioneer, having come to this section
in the days of '49. Fifteen pioneers
congregated on tbe occasion last Wed
nesday, and spent a few hours
pleasantly in reminiscences of tbe
day of old and gold, aud in enjoying
a feast of good things, dished up in
pioneer style. Among those present
were James Meeban, C. Peters, J.
M. Myers, John Martin, W. P. Peek
and other old-timers whose names
we have not learned.
For a Sprained Ankle
A sprained ankle may be cured in
about one-tbird tbe time usually re
quired by applying Chamberlain's
Liniment freely, and giving it abso
lute rest, b'or sale by Jackson Drug
Store, Spagnoli, prop.
Don't be afraid to give Chamber
lain's Cough Remedy to your cbild
ren. It contains no opium or other
harmful drug. It always oures. For
sale by Jackson Drug Store, Spagnoli, ,
Prop.
Death of Mrs. Bernardls.
Mrs John Uernaidis died at 8:30 p.
in. at her home iv Sutter CreeK, last
Monday, after a lingering iilneas
covering seven or eight months, heart
trouble being tbe immediate cause of
death. She was conscious of impend
ing dissolution and retained ber
mental faculties till tbe end. Her
last sad request before she passed
over tbe great divide was that ber
relations and friends weep not be
cause of her departure. She was a
woman of kindly heart as her dying
request would imply. The remains
will bo interred in the Catholic
cemetery to-day at 10 a. m.— Amador
Kocord.
Phear's Express.
King up Sam Phear for prompt de
livery ot trunks, baggage and express
packages. Kates reasonable. Leave
onlorH with P. Ij. Casniuelli, phone
Main IKS; and Kxprosa office, Main \\\\
residence ISlack 374.
A Burnt Child
dreads the tire. The dread in whole
some, but not tbe burn; that can t>e
healed and instantly relieved by
applying llallard's Suow iiiuimeut.
lilt prepared for acoideutu by keeping
a buttle always ia the house. Must
tor spraiuH, bruises, cuts, scalds,
rheumatism, neuralgia, bunloiiH— any
and all ai'hca ami pains. Price 250,
800 aud g]. Hold by Kuhaer's City
Pharnnu'y.2
AMADDR LEDBER
' Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEBB Editor and Proprietor
On# year (in Advance $3 00
Ono yonr (If nrtt In mlvanco) i 2 Ml
Slxtnontbi I «>
Three months „ 0 M
One or more-copies, eaoh 1 0 6
■ ■\ : :
Legal advertising— per nquare of 2.T Imm— Vi rs t insertion $1 00
Subsequent Insertions— pc r square-eaoh (0
BNCERKD AT Tllß POSTOrriCB AT JACKSON AS IBCOND-CLASS MATTER.
THTQ P A PPR 1S kfl P l on " l 0 ftt r - c - DAKR'S Advertising Agency. 77H Market Btreot
IHW 1 «l i-i> Son Francisco, California, whore contracts for advertising can be made
for It
CITY OFFICIAL PAPER.
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 11, 1903
THE NEW TAX SCHEME.
The most important measure, in the shape of a proposed
constitutional amendment, to be votedupon at the election in
November is senate constitutional amendment No. i provid-
ing for the reform of taxation in California. The measure
to be submitted to the decision of the ballot box is the out
come of years of careful investigation and thought bestowed
upon the subject by a special commission appointed for that
purpose, upon the recommendation of the then governor,
George C. Pardee. A copy of this proposed amendment will
be forwarded to every registered voter in ample time to give
an opportunity to thoroughly study its provisions. Its
mam feature is the separation of state and local taxation.
Public utility corporations, such as railroads, light and power
companies, telegraph and telephone lines, steamboat and
• stage lines, insurance companies, commercial and savings
banks, trust companies, etc., are to be assessed for state pur
poses only, while all other forms of property are left for the
support of the local government. Every property holder is,
or should be, deeply interested in this extremely radical de
parture from existing methods of providing revenue for the
maintenance of not only state and county governments, but
municipalities as well. It is likely that some of the city
governments will be the most affected by the proposed change,
although this phase of the question has been given little at
tention so far. In piesenee of the pendency of such a mo
mentous issue, it is surprising that citizens manifest such
apathy in qualifying themselves to vote by getting on the
great register. Property-holders .especially who neglect to
enroll on the votiug list in time, will be kicking themselves
a few weeks hence when the import of this drastic change
begins to dawn upon them.
Elsewhere in this issue we publish a communication from
the state board of equalization, in which the writer contends
that the ratification of this proposed amendment will affect a
material reduction of the burdeu of taxation in Amador
county, and that for this reason the Ledger should urge upon
the people the advisability of votiug for it. We may state
that the Ledger article which called forth this communication
from the secretary of the state board, wherein we urged the
necessity of changes in the laws which would work a reduc
tion of taxes for local purposes, had no reference to this pro
posed constitutional amendment. We referred to . certain
changes that might be made in laws specially affecting this
county, such as a revision of tlie fee schedule of the superior
court and county officers, the diversion of commissions ou the
sale of property under order of the courts from private poc
kets into the county treasury, the wiping out of all extra
compensation of county officers outside of their fixed salaries,
the repeal of the salary law for township officers, which has
proved effective only in piling up burdens upon the taxpay
ers; the reform of the road system, taking the management
of the roads out of the hands of the supervisors. By ju
dicious changes in these respects, and strict economy in ex
penses, we do not hesitate to say that the tax rate for all
county purpose might be cut down to less than $i on the
$ioo as the assessment roll now stands, whereas it now fluc
tuates slightly around the $1.50 mark.
Nevertheless, if the proposed constitutional amendment
holds out relief in this direction, it should be carefully con
sidered. In some counties the measure is being strongly op
posed on the ground that it would increase rather than de
crease the local tax rate. lii such counties the assessment
roll, we presume, is heavily charged with that class of cor
porate property that would be withdrawn from- the jurisdic
tion of the local assessor. In Amador county, we are inclined
to think the claim that the effect of the new revenue plan
would prove beneficial is correct. From an examination of
the assessment roll we find that in the neighborhood of one
million dollars worth of property would be stricken from the
tax roll. Add to this the loss of revenue by the lopping off
of all county licenses now imposed upon these corporations,
the loss would be equal to the withdrawal of one and a half
millions from the taxable property. At 40 cents on the $100,
this would amount to $6000 per year that Amador property
under the new system would contribute for the support of
AMADOR LEDGEttt JACKSOft, CALIFORNIA,
the state government. Compare this with the sum we are
now comtributing under the existing system. Putting the
assessment roll in round numbers at $y t million dollars, at
40 Cents on the $100 — the lowest in the history of the state —
this would yield a revenue of $22,500. So that the difference
so far as Amador county is concerned between the old and
the proposed new revenue system is equal to a saving of at
least between $15,000 and $16,000 per year to the county
treasury. True, this loss of state income must be made good
by other localities differently situated on this proposition.
At any rate, this section has nothing to lose, but much to
gain, from the adoption of this proposed constitutional amend
ment. From the municipal standpoint of tho city of Jackson
it would take away some sources of revenue, and give nothing
in return. But this a small matter, and not worthy of seri
ous though/
pSSEjI „ For Infants and Children.
If Pi^^iii c ou " aye
litiiil " AhCOiIOL 3 FER CENT. ; b±
WmW. AVcgelablcErcparaCtonrorAs- x> i.l. . M
WA ,B;' similaliiigihcFoorfantlßegula- JJeaiS LflG A» > \
||H WMM&MIBi Signature fj\&
lils Promotes DigestionJClieerful- /\f -
&•>£,' I ness and Rest.Containsneter v , # \\ \j^
BflSgj; I Opiimi .Morphine norMiucraL C«b\| \s
h||>| j j : JiedpeolOUDrJSmmmXWl j I V \
!h! MMe&us- I ». intV' in
Iflri : IS*'- > ■II 1 A ■
If lnr*!^.] Clcufnd Sum" ' } i #rw * D g\
iffii '■ w*y™™™r- ' s r yr a§* II s R
iiliir AperfectßeraedyforConsfijia-' I
USniii 1 V?oms,Convalsions.revErish-; V If Ffir fIVPT
■L|liL Thirty Years
Exact Copy of Wrapper. THC centaur company, new york oitv.
I FOLKS f^ 1
I COMING TO ( j
I CALIFORNIA I
Homeseekers' Rates.
I In effect daily from Eastern points during September I
| " and October, 1908. |
I SOME RATES: ■ ■ * * I
I SouxCity . - - - - r $31.95 |
I Council Bluffs - - - 30.00 |
I Omaha .... 30,00 1
I St. Joseph - - ' - 30.00 |
1 Kansas City - {• - 30.00 |
I Leavenworth - - - - 30.00 |
1 Denver - - - - 30.00 |
I Houston - -' - - 30.00 |
I St. Louis - - - - 35.50 |
| New Orleans - - - 35.50 |
Peoria - - 30.75 1
Pittsburg ' - - - .' -j 47.00 |
Memphis - . - - 30.70 1
Bloomington .... 30.75 |
St. Paul .... 130.75 1
I Minneapolis - - - 30.75 . |
Chicago - - - • 38.50 |
New York . - ■ 58.00 1
Many moro from other points on application; Long |
tinfo limits on tickets and choice of routes. Write to |
Dept. Ad. 048 Flood Building for literature and de- |
tails about California and tho personally conducted S
I parties coming from Chicago, Cincinnati, St. Louis |
Now Orleans and Washington. |
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. J
BiJLY':rmm}\ww*'iii>MwmmA»iiefwvvrmmmMm
I SFFD -A-mstrsiUaEL "Wl^ea/t :
± RED OATB, BARLEY AND RYE. J
; 6KAIIN DICKINSON & NELSON CO., Stockton, Cal. I
"♦♦*♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦ ««««««««o »+»»♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ «*«««♦«<»«<»*«*
YOUR OWN FACE.
Do You Think You Would Recognize
It on Another Penon?
"How Rtrnnge It Is." snld the philoso
pher, "that the person for whom you
care most on cart), the one you see
oftencst nnd who Vecclves your most
constant attention Is the one whoso
countenance is least familiar to you."
"Who is that?" asked the visitor.
"Yourself," Bald the philosopher. "It
Is a fact that if people could be dupli
cated nnd could meet themselves In the
street very few would recognize them
selves. Wo look at ourselves many
times during tho 3Co days of tht? yoar.
We say our oyes are blue or whatever
color they may be, our hnlr brown, our
chin peaked, our forehead high. We
know every lineament of our face from
constant study nnd attention, yet when
wo turn nwny from tho mirror we can
not conjuro up a picture of ourselves.
Wo know just how our friends nnd
even acquaintances look. In fancy we
can sec them sitting ho or standing bo
nnd their varying expression under dif
ferent circumstances is clear to us,
oven though wo have not seen them
for years. But when It comes to our
selves we cannot even fill In tho out
lino of tho picture. We may laugh, we
may cry, we may frown, but wo do
not know how we look whllo we are
doing It. Photographs do not help us.
Wo have never seen ourselves In the
flesh. Mirrors nnd pictures are pooa
aids when we sit down and try to see
ourselves with the mind's eye. That
is why people are so deeply interested
In anybody who is said to resemble
them. Just sny to a man, 'I know
somebody who looks for all the world
like you," and he will never rest until,
he sees that person. Then If the llke
ness' Is reall y true ho will pwn that up
to that time he had no conception of
how he really looked."
The visitor smiled wanly. "I wish
you wouldn't talk like that," she said.
"It maked me feel so uncanny. I am
almost afraid of myself."
WHEN FIRE BREAKS OUT.
Keep Cool and Remember and Follow
These Instructions.
11l case of fire, If tho burning
articles are at * once splashed and
sprayed with a solution of salt and
nitrate of ammonia an Incombustible
coating is formed. This Is a prepara
tion which can be made at home at a
trifling cost nnd should be kept on
hand. Dissolve twenty pounds of com
mon salt and ten pounds of nitrate of.
ammonia In seven gallons of water.
Pour this into quart bottles of thin,
glass and fire grenades are at band
ready for use. These bottles must bo
tightly corked and sealed to prevent
evaporation, and in case of fire they
must be thrown near the flames, so as
to break and liberate the gas con
taiued. At least two dozen of these
bottles should bo ready for an emer
gency.
In tiiis connection it is well to re
member that water on burning oil scat
teiT. the flames, but that flour will ex
tinguish It. Salt thrown upon a fire
If the chimney is burning will help to
deaden the blaze. If a tiro once get 3
under headway and prompt exit be
comes a necessity, a silk handkerchief
dipped in water and wrapped about
the mouth and nostrils will prevent
suffocation from smoke; failing this, a
piece of wet flannel will "answer.
Should smoke, fill the room, recall
your physics— remember that smoke
goes first to the top of the room and
last to the floor. Wraj^ a blanket or
woolen garni: . about you, with the
wet cloth over your face, drop ou your
hands and knees and crawl to the win
dow. Hear lv mind that there is no
more danger in getting down from a
throe story window than from the first
floor if you keep a firm hold of the
rope or ladder. Do not slide, but go
hand over hand.— New York Tribune.
Strictly Fresh Eggs.
There are summer resorts, remote
from any agricultural communities,
where fresh farm products are even
harder to obtain than In the city. It
wns at such a place that the new
boarder, who had eaten four or five
breakfasts there, began to wonder why
the eggs were invariably served fried.
"See here." he inquired one morning
of the genial colored man who waited
upon him. "why do you always fry
eggs here? Don't you ever boll them?"
"Oh, oh, yes, sah!" responded the
waiter pleasantly. "Of co"se yo' kin
have 'em boiled if yo' wants 'em, but
yo' know, snh, yo' takes de risk!"—
Xew York Times.
The Plumber's Derby.
The compassionate citizen remarked
to his plumber: "Gus, If 1 were a
plumber and had to trawl Into small
nookH and corners, as you do. I'd wear
v soft hat or cap. Why. your derby
Id full of dents." Gum replied: "I'd be
a fool to wear a soft hat. This derby
hat Buved lay head many n hard knock
from pipes and beams. See. I have It
packed with crumpled newspapers,
which give mo both Inspiration and im
munity."—New York l'ress.
A Haughty Reply.
A story übout William Pitt I read or
heard somewhere many years ngo rep
resented a uoble mediocrity ns assur
ing the great statesman with some
condescension that he might fairly
expect an earldom for his magnificent
services.
"1 an earl!" was the haughty reply.
"I uiako dukes."— St. James' Gazette.
Exceptional.
"Is ho really n good violinist?"
"Yes, and an exceedingly remarkable
ono."
"In what respect?"
"Ills Instrument Is not 'a genuine
6t:adlvarlus.' "—Philadelphia Press.
OFFICIAL MAP
Amador County
veys by D. C. CAIILTON, thowlnj
township nnd Rohool district bound
aries, ownership of all lunda accoidin;
to assessment roll of 1004, miners
claim*, canals, location of all school
houses; also a townsito map of princl
pal towns,, namely Jackson, Suttc.
Creek, lone, Amador City, Drytown
Plymouth nnd Volcano.
Size (I by 3f feet.
Price, colored & mounted $1(
Plain and unmounted - $1
Sold only at
■
AMADOR LEDGER OFFICE
i |. 1L i ut
Sun.sot Valo 177) Capital 633
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods.
Silks, Bliinkots, and Curtains
A Specialty.
1012-HHh st Sacramento"
Is Yonr Property For Sale?
We are constantly receiving Inquiries from all
pans of ibe United Stales for Farms, Vineyards and
Country and City Homes on the Padlic Coast. If
your property is for sale we shall be clad to place it
on ourlist, and put you in direct correspondence with
a largo number of possible buyers. Address,
TOWN 4 COUNTRY JOURNAL PUB. CO.
330 JACKSON ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO., CAL
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout
Best of accommodation for coinmurcia
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable. jne
! Globe Hotel |
i w \
* t ' f NEW MANAGEMENT. |
j; MRS. ANNIE HUUST....Prop'r !
| Board and Lodging
J AT KEASONAULE RATES.
I *
0 Sample Rooms for Commcr- !
% ciai Travelers.
4 >
O All Stages stop at this hotel.
1 JACKSON CAL. :
< ! myB :
I . NEW :
j; National * Hotel
; Jackson, Amador county, Cal.
j; F. A. VOORIIEIS, Proprietor
\' y Stage OlTico for all Points
' .Lighted by electricity throughout
| Commodious Sample Rooms for
', Commercial Travelers. aulB
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAF
Plymouth. Cal.
Has on liund a full lino of HarncE
and Hardess Fixtures, Saddles.
Bridles and Kobes. Bungles
an Carriage tops umdo
to order.
Also has on hand a lino o
that well known and thor
ughly tried BAKER *
HAMILTON buggies.Amador County
Descriptive Article
Atnador county comprises an area of
18 equaro mliea. It lies on the wes
srn slope of Sierra Novada mountains,
ml emhracoß within Its territory all
lio diversity of valley, foothill, and
iirli mountainous lands.
Climate— The cllmato of tho popu-
)us portions of tho county Is as genial
nd healthful as can he found anywhero
i California. As climato Is ono of the
lost valuable) assets of this favored
tate In attracting population, Amador
■amis second to no county In this re
:vnl. It should, and no doubt will in
imc, when Its climatic advantages are
loro thoroughly understood and ap
reciatod, become a health resort not
nly for those In loss favored states,
ut for the residents of other parts of
allfornla. The tomperaturo alono tho
antral portion rarely falls below 30
ogrcos abovo zero In winter, nnd as
arcly rises to 100 degrees In tho sum
lor. Snow seldom falls In tho sottlud
istrlcts, and novor remains on tho
round for more- than a fow hours. Of
ourso, Ut tho high mountain regions
f eastern Amador the snowfall is very
oaV y — which Is characteristic of tho
ritlre Slorrii Nevada range. Tho sum
ier season is alway accompanied with
00l nights; permitting of sound, re
•oshing slumber. Fogs are rare, cy
lones aro unknown, thunderstorms are
lfrequent.
Gold Mining.— The county, although
ich in other sources of wealth, com
aratively untouched, is noted prin
ipally for her quartz mines. The
eopost gold mines in America ure lo
ated hero. Tho Kennedy mlno Is now
;iking gold in liberal quantities from
uartz extractod from a depth of over
000 feet bolow tho surface, with every
idlcation that tho pay-oro oxtonds to
much greater depth. Since tho dis
ovory of gold, tho county has contrlb
tod fully $100,000000 to the world's
apply of the precious metal. .Tho
lines aro still yielding at the rate of
bout two million dollars annually.
Nearly all of this wealth is produced by
ight or ten mines operating on what
5 called tho "mother lode," stretching
lear across tho county In a north-east
rly direction a dlstanco of twenty
liles. The mines aggregate between
00 and 500 stamps, and furnish em
loyment for over 1000 miners. This
ldustry is still in its infancy. The
nexpiored territory, oven along tho
lain gold belt, is far in excess of tho
round that has actually been worked
r prospected . The county offers to
ay ono of tho most inviting fields to
a found anywhere in the world for the
ivestmont of capital In the fascinating
U3iness of gold raining, not alono along
he mother lode, but also in the almost
ntouched mineralized country ot the
ast belt, some ton or twelve miles from
ho main lode.
Besides gold, wo havo copper, de
losits of pottery, coal, imarbe, slate,
imestone, granite, and soapstone or
ale — all undeveloped.
Agricultural Capabilities. —The agri
ultural possibilities equal, if not excel,
ho mineral riches. The valley lands
i-ill. produce anything that can be
rown in the most favored sections.
n tho foothill lands all kinds of decid
.ous fruits thrive: also all kinds of
egetablo aro raised where irrigation
r practicable along tho numerous water
ourses. Further up In the mountains,
t an altitude of 2000 to 2-500 feet, the
oil is admirably adapted for apples
nd potatoos. A ready market for
nany times tho quantity now raised of
liese commodities can bo fdund lin the
arious mining towns.
Grape culture and wlnemaking are
iecoming important industries, both
ho grapes and wine commanding a
tetter price than ithe product of tho
owland .
Land is cheap compared with other
"alifornla lands. Improved farms may
>a secured for one-fourth tho price
'in-rent in some places. Unimproved
ands can bo had from $o to $10 per
.cro. It does not require a fortuno to
my a small ranch. There is room for
i largo addition to our agi'lculural pop
ilatlon. Vast tracts now dovotod to
attlo ranges might bo made the homes
f hundreds of prosperous farmers.
Amador has it populasion of less than
2000. Three fourths of this is concen
rated In a strip of throe miles above
ml below the mineral belt.
Jackson, the county soat, has about
•100 inhabitants, aud isan incorporated
ity ot the hlxth class, Other towns
re Butter Creek, Amador City, Dry
own, Plymouth, Volcano, Pino Grove
nd Oleta. lone City is tho metropolis
>f the valley section, a thriving town
f 1(100 inhabitants.
The community is law-abiding. Edu
atlonal facilities are excellent. A
choolhouso is within easy roach of
tearly every family. Thoro is ono high
chool, located at lone.
The assessment roll for 1907 lsso.
00,793, atid the tax rate for both state
nd county purposes $2 ou tho $100.
Tho Southern Piicllio has a branch
nilroad running to lone. From this
>olnt tho lono and Kastern railroad ex
ojjds 14 miles furlhor to tho mining
tjctlon.
The various religious denominations
nd fraternal organizations are well
epresentud.
The power plant of the Standard
Ueotrlo Co— one of tho lurgeit In the
irorld— islooated four miles from Jack
on.
A WAY TO REDUCE
LOCAL TAXATION
Editor Ledger: —
My attention has been called to a
well written editorial in your issue
of August '28tta entitled "Tbe Htate
Tax Kate." Yon aro looking fern
ObnUße in the Inwa which would
Hpeedlly bring about a reduction in
your county tux rate. Such a moaaute
la now hetorn you to be voted upon at
the coming election. 1 refer to
the proponed Benato Constitutional
Amendment No. 1, planed hefote the
people of Calltoruin by an nhnnet un
animous vote uf tbe legislature in
1907. 'l**i i h Rtnotidmotit;, if nd opted,
will ellmlnnlo entirely the Btnto rate
from tbe counties. 1 any therefore, if
you are looking for somo measure
.which will i educe your county rate,
aud a good iieuvy reduction too, urge
upon your people to vote for tlio pro
posed amendment.
Its provisions, in brief, nre to
separate and dlvorco the fitate re
venues from those of the counties,
and givo tbe counties "home rule" in
all matters of tnxution. Tbo measure
proposes t.liiit tbe state shall tax for
tho support of the stato government
tbo socalled "public eorvlue corpora
tions," such as railroads, including
street railrouds, tolegrapb and tele
pliant) linos, express companies, power
light and beat companies, insurance
companies, banlis (excepting real
ostat.o), etc., und leave ull other pro
perty— real, personal, and mixed— to
be assessed and taxed by tbe counties
for tbeir support. Under sucb law
you cau assess your property at its
"actual cash value" and thus nnvo un
extremely low tux rate; and tbe
beauty of it Is that every dollar you
raise will be spent iv your county,
the state asking none of it. Further,
much complaint is made that tho cor
porations are "running the politics"
of tbe state. Adopt the amendment
.iiml there will be no excuse for tbe
corporations to interfere with tbe
political situation, particularly so far
as taxation is concerned.
iiespeotfully,
T. M. KUY,
Secretary, Stato Hoard of Equaliza
tion.
Sacramento, Sept. 3. 10M8.
The Assemblyman
Nomination
At the eleventh assembly district
convention hold in Oakland on Fri
day of last week, no nomination was
made, owiug to the delegates from
Amador and Culaveras oounties not
clearly understanding tlio position ot
Edward Moore of Copperopolis, who
was tbe oaudidate seeking the
nomination.
On Sunday previous to tbe conven
tion Moore stated to tbo delegates
from this district that be was a utuidi
date; he further stated that he had
received the endorsement of the Ama
dor delegation. This statement was
satisfactory to tbe delegates here, as
it is considered that this county
should furnish tbe nominee.
When tbe delegates met in Oak
land, Mr Moore was named for tbe
office. L'hen it was found that tbe
Amador delegation had not endorsed
him for the otfice, but that it was
emphatically against him aud would
not have anything to do with bis
candidacy. iv otder to straighten
out the mutter a telegram was set to
Moore, telling him to oomo to Oak
land iv older to explain tbe state
ments made by him to tbe delegates
in this town.
Mr Moore was unaLle to go to Oak
land, so that tbe present time it is
not known what explication he can
make. At v later meetiug of the
delegates it was decided that under
the circumstances the best thing to
do was to pass the matter up to tbo
oounty conventions of both Caluveras
aud Amador counties aud let the
delegates decide who should liv tbe
nominee. A» both counties hold their
conventions on the l'Jth, it will no
doubt he settled then who will be
tho nominee. At this time, however,
the raoo ia open to any ono who is
ready to get out ami niuko the fight.
—Angels Kecord.
(Tbo matter has beeu ditleteutly re
ported in this nouuty. It is said that
a split occurred in the Cuiaveias
delegation, owiug to rival factions,
aud that in cousequuuee of tbe Culit
veras delegates not lining united, the
matter was postponed until tbe l'Jth,
wheu tbe district delegates are to
meet lv convention at Mokeluinne
Mill. Why tbe 19th was selected we
are not iv a position to aay, as tbe
rnpublicau convention of CuJaverus
aud Amador counties ure to be held
that day. The Calaveras delegutes
were in autlloieut etruugtb to nominate
iiny man they desired at the oouveu
tiou iv Oakland, provided they were
united. However, if Calaveraa cau
nnt decide upon a suitable candidate,
Amador couL^y will no doubt be able
to fuiniuli one.— Kd. Ledger.)
Ledger and Chicago Weekly luter-
Ocean, both papers for one year $2.60
la advance,
Fill DAY, SEPTEMREK 11,1908.
NOTICE TO VOTERS.
Notice Is hnrnby (jlvon to the electors of tho
Stato of California that the following Acts will
hn mibmltted to tho pnoplo of thn Statfl of Cali
fornia for their ratification at thn next crucial
election to bo holden od tho third day of No
vombor, A. t). 1IK)S, to wit:
SENATE BILL NO. 461.
Passed thn Sennto February S3, A D. 1(107.
Lewis 11 1 1 born. Secretary of the Senate.
Passed |tho Assembly March fl, A tl. 1007.
Clio lilnyri, ('hlcf Clerk of the Assemlily.
This Hill was received by the Oovornor, this
tlth day of March. A. D. 1307, at :ii o'clock m
K. C. Coouor, l'rlviite Secretary of tho Oovor
nor.
CfIAPTKIt 424. An Act to provide for tho Ismi
uticn nndnnlonf stnte bonds to create a fund
for th« construction by the bonrd of «late
harbor commissioner* of wharves, piers, Boa
wull.Ht.ito niilroad.Hpiirsnnd appurlenanoen
In tho city and county of San Francisco; to
crcnto a slnki,:'? fund for the paymont of nald
bonds; and providing for the submission of
this act to a vote of 'lie pcoplo.)
Tho people of tho .Sla!o of California, repro-
Hnntod In xenato and assembly, do enact us
follows:
SKOTIOff 1. For tho pnrponn of providing a
fund for the payment of tho Indebtedness hero
by authorized to hn Incurred by tho i bonrd of
Rtin.ii harbor commissioners for the arontinn of
wharves, piers, ncuwall, state railroad, spurs
and appiii'ieiianci'H In the city and county of
Sun Francisco, nt n cost not to exceed two
million dollars (which said wharvos, piers, nun
wall, state railroad, spurs mill appurtenance!)
Hie board of xtato harlmr commissioners nro
hereby empowered to construct in tho mannor
authorized by law. and nt n cost not tooxeced
said two million dollars), the slate treasurer
shall Immediately iifirr tho Issuance of tho
proclamation of tho governor, provided for In
section Id hereof, prcparo two thousand nult
ablo bonds of tho Stuto of California, In tho do
nomination of one thousand dollars each. The
whole Issue of said bonds shall not oxeeed tho
sum of two million dollars, and said bonds
shall bour Interest tit the raio of four per
centum per an nun:, from the time of suid sain
thereof, and both principal and interest shall
be payable In «old coin of tho present standard
valuo, and they shall ho payable at tho oUlco
of the stale treasurer, at tho expiration of
nineteen years from their dato, subject, liow
ovor, to redemption by lot no In, this uct herein
after provided. Said bonds shall benr date tho
second day of .laniiii ry, A. I > nineteen hundred
and nlno, and Khali be made payable on tho
secondday of January, A I) nineteen hundred
and itwcDty-elKht. Tho interest accruing on
Much of said bonds as ure Hold, shall bo duo and
payable »t the offlco of th(! state treasurer on
the second day of January, and on tho second
day of July, of each year after the sale of the
same; provided that the llrst. payment of In
terest shall bo madi: on the second day o' Jan
uary, A. 1). nineteen hundred and ten, on so
many or said bonds as may have been thereto
fore nold. At the expiration of nineteen yours
from tin; dale or said bonds, all bonds sold Khali
ceaso to hear lntorost, and likewise all bonds
redeemed by lot shall ceaso to bear interest as
in this uct provided, and tho said state treas
urer shall call in, forthwith pay and cancel tho
same, out of the moneys lv the second San
Francisco seawall sinking; fund provided for In
this act, and ho]shall, on tho first Monday of
January, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight,
also cancel and destroy nil bonds not thereto
fore sold. All bonds issued shall bo signed by
tho governor, and countersigned by the control
ler, and shall be endorsed by tho state treas
urer, and eacn shall have the seal of tho state
stamped thereon. Kach bond shall contain n
clause that, it is subject to redemption by lot
aft or the year nineteen hundred and olßhtooti.
Sec. '1 Interest coupons shall bo attached to
each of said bonds, so that such coupons may
bo removed without Injury to or mutilation of
tho bond. Said coupons shall be consecutively
numbered, and shall be signod by tho state
treasurer. Hut no interest ou any of said bonds
shall bo paid for any time which mar Intervene
between tho dato of any of said bonds and the
lssuo and sale thereof to v .purchaser.
Sec. 8, The sum of one thousand dollars is
hereby appropriated to pay tho expense that
may be incurred by the stato treasurer in hav
ing said bonds prepared, Said amount shall bo
paid out of the San Francisco harbor Improve
ment fund on controller's warrants, duly drawn
for that purpose.
Sec. 4. When the bonds authorized to bo Is
sued under this act shall bo duly executed,
they shall be by tho state treasurer sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash.
In such parcels and numbers as said treasurer
shall be directed by the governor of the stats,
under tho seal thereof, after a resolution re
questing such sale shall have been adopted by
tho board of state harbor commissioners; but
said treasurer must reject any and all bids for
said bonds, 'or for any of them, which shall be
bolow tho par value Jor {said bonds so offered :
and ho may, by public announcement at tho
time nxcil for thn sale, continue such sale, as
to tho whole of the bonds ottered, or any part
thereof offered, to such time and place as he
may select. Duo notice of the time and place
of sale of all bonds must bo given by said treas
urer by .publication in two newspapers pub
lished in the city uud county of San Francisco,
and also by publication in one Lowspaper pub
lished in tho city of Oakland, and by publica
tion in one newspaper published in the city of
Los Angeles, and by publication In one no'ws
papcr published In tho city of Sacramento, once
a weeli during four weeks prior to such sale.
Tho costs or such publication shall bo puld out
or tho Sun Francisco harbor Improvement fund,
on controller's warrants duly drawn for that
purpose. The proceeds of the sale of such bonds
shall be forthwith puld over by said treasurer
into the treasury, and must bo by him kept In
a separate fund, to be known and designated us
the "Second San Francisco Seawall Fund" uud
must be used exclusively for the construction
of wharves, piers, seawall, state railroad, spurs
and appurtenunces thereto on the water front
of the city and county of San Francisco. Orarts
and warrants unon suid fund shall ho drawn
upon and shall bo paid out of suid fund in the
sumo manner as drarts and warrants are drawn
upon -mil paid out of the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund.
Sec. 5. For the payment of tho principal and
interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to be
known and designated us the " Second San
Francisco Seawall Sinking Fund" shall bo, und
the same is hereby created, us follows, to wit:
'-The stato treasurer shall, on the first duy of
eucb and every month after the sale or suid
bonds, take from tint Situ Francisco harbor im
provement fund such sum us, multiplied by tho
time the bonds then sold and outstanding have
to run, will equal the principal of the bonds
sold and outstanding ut the time said treasurer
shall so take said sum from said S;>n Frar.clscu
harbor Improvement fund, .less the amount
theretofore takon therefrom for said purpose;
and he shall pluco. the sum in the second Sun
Francisco seawall sinking fund created by this
uct. Said state treasurer shall, on controller's
warrants duly ilr.iwn for that purpose, employ
the moneys in suid sinking fuud in the purchase
of bonds of the United Stuto. or of the Stuteof
California, or of tho several counties or munici
palities of tho State of California, which said
bonds shall be kept in v proper receptlclu, ap
propriately labeled: but ho must keep always
on hiud it suttlcicut amount of money in said
Kinking fund with which to pay the interest on
such of the state bonds herein provided to be
Issued us may have theretofore been sold. Ami
to provide means for the payment of interest
on the bonds thut may be sold uud outstanding.
sitid treusincr shall monthly tuke from thn San
Fruucisco harbor improvement fuud, uud pay
Into suid seawall sinking fund, an amount
equal to the monthly interest then due on all
bonds then sold, delivered und outstanding
The board of slate harbor commissioners are
hereby authorized and directed by the colloo
tlou of dockage, tolls, rents, wharfage uud
cranage to collect a sum or money sufficient for
the purposes of this act. over und uljovo the
amount limited by section two thousand live
hundred und twenty-six of the l'olitlcul Code of
tho Stati: of California, lletween the llrst and
tenth day of November, iv Urn year nineteen
hundred undelgbteen. and between tho llrst uud
teuth duy of November of each year thereafter
until the maturity of said bonds, the suid
treasurer shall, in the presence of UiegM'oruor,
proceed to draw by lot surb uu amount of bonds
as shall be requisite to exhaust us nearly us
may be the umount in said Kinking fund ut thut
time, uud shall thereupon und before the teuth
day o[ December folio wiug. give notice by pub
lic advertisement to be inserted twice a week
for two wookw In two newspapers published In
the city and county of Sun Francisco, ami also
in one newspaper published in the city of Oak
land, uud also lv one newspaper published In
thn city u( Los Angeles, Una ulso in ono iiuws
paper published iv the city of Suoiumcnto,
slat ing the number of bonds so drawn, uud thut
the principal ut suid bonds will be pulU ou pre
sentation to the treasurer ou or before the
second day of January following, und that from
and alter such last named dute nil Interest
upon bonds thus drawn shall cease, uud it shall
be the duly or the treasurer us soon us suid
bonds ho drawn by lot ure hurrendurad to him
ami paid to cancel the same, uud the interest
coupons tlieriioii. uud each yeur, begluuiug with
the yeur nineteen hundred uud eighteen, the
butU treasurer shall, lv tho uiuuuer utorusuld
proceed to draw by lot such an umount of bonds
us Khali Imj requisite to exhuust as nearly un
may be the uiuouut iv said Kinking fund, and
proceed lv the manner hereto above slated.
After tin) payment of all of suid bonds, the sur
plus or balance reuiululng in suid vlukluK fund,
Jf »ny thoro hn. nhnil forthwith be p»M Into the
Sun t rnnehon harbor Improvement fund. At
thntlmpnf thn KKpnßtlvn clr;»wlnits l>y lot, it*
nrnresald. and also nt the maturity of niild stain
jMimls. smM treasurer Rtmlt noil ttin United
State* or nth(.r bonds then In mild sln'dnjf fund,
nt (?ovornlnif market rates, after advertising
the ni\\r tht-rr-nf In the manner hereinbefore
provided forlhnsnloof bond* hereby authorized
to be Issued, Bl ,rt nhall use tho proceeds for the
paymont of such lionds »s may be drawn by lot.
and iv thn maturity of said bonds outstanding
»nall pay anil rmloemsnld matured outstanding
bonds out 'of said moneys In itaid fund Inex
tlngiilshni.nt of said bonds on controller's war
rants duly drawn for that purpose.
Hrcj. n. Thn state controller and tho state
treasurer shull kcnpfnll and particular account
nnilrnpordof all Ihoir proceedings under this
act, and ingj shall transmit to tho governor an
abstract ot nil mien proceedings thereunder,
with an annual report, to bo by thn governor
laid before tha leglslaturo biennially; and all
bonks mill pawn purtalnlnn to the matter pro
vided for In this act shall ut. all times he open
tothnftisp.('ti,, nn f any party Interested, or thn
Kovornor, or the attorney gnncral, or a commit
too of either brunch of the legislature, or a
Jolntconiiiilttoeof lioth, or any citizen of tho
stato.
BROI i. It shall bo tho duty of tho stato
treasurer to pay thn lnUsrost of said bonds,
when the sa m(! falls duo, out of tlio slnlilng
fund printed for In this net, on controller's
warrants duly dr.i\v» for thut purpose.
Sue. N. This act, If adopted by thn people,
shall tain; elle.et on thn tlilrty-llrst day of De
cember. A. D, ninotnen hundred and eight, as to
nil IM previsions except thoio relating to und
noccsMitry for lt!i MulinilKNioii to tho people und
for rotiii'iiiii;/, canvassing and proclaiming tlio
voten, und us lo said tixcoplßtl provisions Hilh
act shall uli« orfeel Immediately.
Ski',. 9, This not Hhall bo submitted to tho
peoploof tin. Htato or California for thulr ratifi
cation ut thenoxt general elociion, to lie holdisn
In tho tnoMhof November. A. I), nineteen him
Urcd ami el^ht, und all ballots at said election
Hhull him.' printed thereon nnd at. the end thorn
of. tho words, "For tho San Krnnclsco Seawall
Act," ami in a separate lino under tho same
words "Against iho San Francisco .Seawall
Act," ami npposlie said linos thero Hhull ho
left Ipiioea in which tho voter may malto or
stamp a cross to Indicate whether they vote for
or against tho suid act, :md those, voting forsald
act shall do so by placing a cross opposite tho
words 'For tho San Francisco Seawall Act,"
and ull those voting against tho said act shall
tlo so by placing a cross opposlto tho words
."Agalnm the San Fronclsco Seawall Act," Tho
governor nf this stutri shall Includo tho submls-
Hton of ihlsactlo thn people, as aforesaid. In
his proclamation calling for sulil general elec
tion
SBC. HI. Thn votes cast for or against this
not shall he cnuntud, returnuii and canvassed
and declared In tho same inannur and subject
to the same rules as votes cast for state olll
ccrs; uml If it appear that said uct shall have
received a majority of all tho votes cast for and
agulnKtlt ut said election, as aforesaid, then
tho Ranie shall huvo effect ns hereinbefore pro
vided, and shall be Irrcpoalablo until tho prin
cipal aud Interest of the liabilities herein cro
atort shall he paid aud discharged, and tho gov
ernor shall mauc proclamation thereof; but If a
majority lof the votes cast us aforesaid arc
nguinst this but then thu snmu shall bound be
come void.
Sao 11. It shall be tho duty of tho secretary
of statu to have this uct published In at least,
ono newspaper In each county, or city and
county, if ono be publlshod therein, for thrco
months next preceding the guncral election to
be holden in 'he montli of November, A IJ. nlno
teen hundred und eight, thu costs of publlca
tlon shall be paid out of tho San Franclrco liar
bor Improvement fund. on controller's warrants
duly drawn for that purpose
Skc. 13, This act may bo known and cited as
tho ' Second San Francisco Seawall Act."
SEC. 13. All acts and parts of acts In con
flict with tho provisions of this act aro hereby
repealed,
W. It. POIITKK,
President of thu Senate.
K. 1.. liKAIIDSI.K.K,
Speaker of thn Assembly.
Approved March 21st, A. V. 1907.
J. N. Giixktt, Governor,
Endorsed : Filed In tho offlco of the Seorctury
of iStato, the 81st day of Marcli, A. U. 1007. O.
F. iCurry, Secretary of State, liy J Hocsco,
Deputy,
SENATE BILL NO. 812.
Passed tho Seuuto, February 38, A. I). 1007.
Lewis A. Hilhorn, Secretary of the Senate.
Passed the Assembly, March 9, A. D. 1907.
Clio Lloyd, Chief Clerk of tho Assembly.
This 11111 was received by the Governor, this
12th day or March, A I). lUU7, ut 10 o'clock v m
E, C. Cooper, Privuto Secretary or tho Governor
Chapter 431. An act to provide for the Issu
ance and sale of state ibouds to crcato a fund
for the acquisition by the board of stuto har
bor commissioners of a necessary area for a
tidal basin for wharves, piers, harbors and
appurtenances in the city and county of San
Francisco: to create a sinking fund for the
payment of said bonus; and defining the du
ties of stato officers in relation thereto; mak
ing an uppropriuiion or one thousand dollars
ror the expense or printing said bonds; und
providing for the submissiou of this uct to a
vote of tho people.
(As nmendod ut Extra Session by Senate Ilill
No. 7.)
SENATE BILL NO. 7.
Passed the Senate November 30, A D 1007.
Lewis A. Ililboru, Secretary of the Seuuto.
Passed tho Assembly, November ii. A. I).
lin I?. Clio Lloyd, Chief Clerk of the Assembly.
This Hill wus received by tho Governor, this
23rd day of November. A. li 1(107, at 11 o'clock
a. ni K. C. Cooper, Private Secretary of tho
Governor.
(JiiAi'TKii 4. An act to amend section live of
tin! act entitled "An uct to provide ror the
issuance and sale of stuto bonds: to create v
fund for the acquisition by the board of state
harbor commissioners of a necessary urea ror
it tidal busiu ror wharves, piers, harbors und
appurtenances In tho city and county or Situ
Francisco; to create a sinking fund for tho
payment of said bonds; and delluing tho du
ties or state otllcers in relation thereto; mak
ing au appropriation or one thousand dollars
for the expense of printing said bonds; and
providing for tho submission of this act to a
vote of the people," approved March ill, 1007,
relating to tho redemption or such bonds and
creating a sinking fund ror such purpose, uud
udding v new section to suid act to bo nuin
bered section lu 1 ;, relating to the publication
of said act, und providing for the puymentof
the cost or publlcutlou of the same.
Pile people of the State of California, repre
seated in senate and assembly, do enact us
follows:
SK' tion 1 For the purpose of providing it
fund for tho payment of the iudebteduess auth
orized to be incurred by the board of state har
bor commissioners fur the acquisition of tho
necessary urea for v tidul basin extending the
ana uf India basin on the water front of tho
city and county of Snu Francisco, us provided in
an act entitled "An uct to authorize and direct
the hoard of state harbor commissioners to In
stitute condemnation proceedings against cer
tain property north of India basin, uud extend
ing ><> lsluls creek in the city and county ef Sun
Francisco, and extending their jurisdiction
ov.-r tho same, uud providing lor tho payment
of judgments from the proceeds of bonds Issued
and -"Id under the provisions or un uct enlilled
••An act to provide ror the issuuuee and Kalo of
state iiiiiids to create v fund for the acquisition
by lie' bourd of stutu harbor commissioners of a
necessary ureu for i> tidal basin for wharves,
piers, harbors, and appurtenances in the. city
and county or Sun Francisco; to create v siuk
ing fund for the payment or said bonds; und de
tiiiin.' the duties ot state o ulcers iv relation
thereto; making uu appropriation oftl.OUU ror
the expense or printing said bonds; and pro
vidiug for tlio submissiou or this act to it vote
of the people," tho state treasurer shall, lmimi
diately urter the Issuance or tin- proclamation
by tba governor, provided for iv section loheru
of, prepare one thousand suitable bonds ol t hit
State of California, iv the denomination or one
thousand dollars each. The whole issuoor said
iHinds .shall not exceed the sum or ouo million
dollars, and suid bonds shall beur Interest ut
the rate or four per centum per annum, from the
time of the sale thereot. uud hot li prinelpul uud
interest shall be payable iv gold coin or the
present standard vulue ami they shall be pay
able ut the omO'Ot the state treasurer al tho
expiration ot nlueluen years from (heir duto,
subject, however, to redemption by lot us iv
this uct hereinufter provided. Suid bonds shall
boar date the second duy ot January, nineteen
hundred uud nine, uud shall bo made
payahlH on the second duy or January, nineteen
hundred uud twenty-eight, A. li. The interest
accruing on such of suid liotnls us ure koM shall
bo ilue UDd payable ut the ottlce of the stute
treasurer on the second duy of January, uud ou
tho si'ioud duy of July, of ouch your after the
sale o( the sume: provided, thut the llrst pay
ment of interest shall be made ou tbo second
duy of January, A.M. nineteen hundred und
ton, ou so many of said bonds as have been
therctororo sold. At the expiration or nineteen
years from the date of said bonds, all bond*
sold shall ceuso to beur Interest, uud likewise
all bouds redeemed by lot shall cease to beur
interest us iv this uct provided, und the said
state treasurer shall cull in, forthwith pay uud
cancel the Kitiiie, out of the moneys lv the India
basin sinking fund provided for in this uct,
uud he shall on tho llrst Monday of January,
nineteen hundred uud twenty elgh , also cutler!
an. l destroy all bouds not theretofore sold. All
bond.* Issued shall be signed by the governor,
nint countersigned by the controller, ami shall
be cndorsfil by the slate treasurer, and riirn
shall havn the Real of thn state stamped there
on. Kach bond shall contain a clause that It
Is Rubjpct to redemption by lot after.thoyoar
nineteen hundred and eighteen.
dm;. 8. Interest coupons shall bo attached to
each of nald bond*, so that such coupons may
be removed without Injury to or mutilation of
thelmnd. Said coupons shall bo consecutively
numbered, and shall be signed by the state
treasurer. Ilut no Intorest on any of said bonds
shall bo paid for any lltno which may intervene
between tho date of any of Raid Ikhhls and the
Issue and Rale thereof to It purchaser.
Sun. 3. Tim mini of one thousand dollars Is
horeby appropriated to pay th« expense that
may hn incurred b.f the stato treasurer In hav
ing' said bonds prepared. Said amount shall
he paid out of tho San Francisco harbor lin
provemont fund on controller's warrants, duly
drawn for that purpose.
Ski;. I When tho bonds authorized to bo in
vtn-il under this act shall bo duly executed,
they shall bo by the stato treasurer sold at
public auction to tho highest bidder for cash,
in such parcels and numbers M said treasurer
shall bo directed by tho governor of tho stato,
under seal thereof, after a resolution request
ing such sale shall have been adopted by the
board of state burlmr ronimlssionerH; hut said
troasuror must reject any and all bids for said
bonds, or for any of them, which shall he below
tho par value of Raid bonds so ottered: and be
may by public announcement nt tho placo and
time llxed ror the mile, contlnuo sneli sale, as
to tho whole of tho bonds offered, or any part
thereof offered, to such time and placo as he
riiav select. Ouo notice of thn time and place
of sain nf all bonds must bo given by said
treasurer by publication in two newspapers
published in thn city and county of San Fran
cisco, and also by publication in one newspaper
published In the city of Oaljland, and by pub
lication in one newspaper published In the city
of Los Angeles, and by publication in ono
newspaper puhllsod in tho city or Sacramento,
o«co a week |for four weoks prior to such sale.
The costs oT such publication shall lie paid out
of the San Francisco harbor Improvement fund,
on controller's warrants duly drawn for that
purpose Tho proceeds of tho sale of such
bonds shall bo forthwith paid over by said
treasurer Into the treasury, and must bo by him
kept iv a .separate fund to be known and desig
nated as the "India Hasln Fund " and must bo
used exclusively ror (the acquisition area des
cribed in the act referred to in section 1 hereof.
Drafts and warrants upon said fund shall be
drawn upon and shall bo paid out of naid fund
in the same manner as drafts und warrants are
drawn upon mid paid out of tho San Francisco
harbor improvement fund.
SBC, 5. For tho payment of tho principal and
Interest of said bonds v sinking fund, to bo
known and designated us the "India Hasln
Sinking Fund," shall be, and the same I* here
by created, as follows, to wit: Tho state Ireits
urtr shall, on tho llrst day of each and every
month after the sale of said bonds, take from
tho San. Francisco harbor Improvement fund
such sum as, Imultlplled by the tho time tho
bonds then sold and outstanding have to run
will equal tho principal or the bonds sold and
outstanding at the time said treasurer shall so
take said sum from said Sun Francisco hurlior
Improvement fund, less tho amount theretorore
taken therefrom for snld purpose; and ho shall
place the sum in tho Indiu basin sinking fund
created by this act. Sold stale treusurershull,
on controller's warrants, duly drawn for that
purpose, employ the moneys in said sinking
fund iv the purchase of bouds of the United
States, orof the State of California, or of the
several counties or municipalities or tho State
of California, whicusald bonds shall be kept in
a proper receptacle appropriately labeled ; but
he must keep always on hand a sufficient
amount of money in suid sinking fund with
which to pay the interest on such of the stato
bonds heroin provided to be Issued as may huvo
theretofore been sold. And to provide meuns
for the puymentof interest on the bonds that
may bo sold and outstanding, said treusurer
shall monthly take from the San Francisco har
bor improvement fund, und pay into tho said In
dia basin sinking fund, un umount equul to tho
monthly interest then duo on all bonds then
sold, delivered und outstanding. The bourd of
stute harbor commissioners ure hereby author
ized and directed by tho collection of dockage,
tolls, renlH, wharfage and cranugo, to collect
it sura of money suittcient for tho purposes of
this net, over und above the amount limited
Ijy section two tliouauml live hundred uud
twenty-six nf tho Political Codo of the Stale
of 'Jalifornln, Between tho first and tenth
day of November, In thoyenr nlnoleon hun
dred und eighteen, and between the first and
tenth duy of November of each year there
after until the maturity of said bonds the said
lieiisiirer shall, In the p.esence ol the gover
nor, proceed to draw by lots such an amount
of bonds us shall bo requisite to exhaust ns
nearly u» may be the Kinount In suid sinking
fund at that time, and shall thereupon und
before the tenth day of Dei-ember following,
give notice by public advertisement, to bo In
serted in two newspapers published In the
city and county uf Sun Francisco, and also In
one newspaper published in the city ot'Oak
land, and also in one newspaper published
In the city of Los Angeles, and also in one
newspaper pudlisiicd tnecity of Sacramento,
st'itins: tho number of bonds so drawn, und
that Hie principal of of said bouds Will be
paid on presentation to the treasurer on or
before the second duy of January, following,
uud that Iroin and after such lust named
dale all Interest upon bonds thus drawn shall
cense, mill It shall bo the duty of the treas
urer as soon as said bonds so drawn by lot urn
surrendered to Dim and puid, L li> cancel the
sume, and the interest counous thereon, nnd
each year, beginning with tho your nineteen
hundred and eighteen, the said treasurer
shall, in the manner aforesaid, proceed to
draw by lot sucli.au amoiuit of bonds as shall
lie requisite, to exhaust as nearly us may be
the amount in said sinking fund, and pro
ceed In (he !iiviiuerhiTciiiuh<ivoM;ui.d, Alter
the payment of all said bonds, the surplus
or balance remaining in said sinking fund, If
any there he .'shall forthwith bu paid Into the
San Francisco hnrborlmprovemunt fund. At
the time of the respective drawings by lot, as
aforesaid, und ulso at the maturity of said
state bonds, said treasurer shall sell the
United Slates or other bonds then in said
sinking I'und.atgovornlnginnrket rates, after
advertising;! ho sale thereof in tin; manner
hereinbefore piovidod for the sale of bonds
hereby authorized to be issued, and shall uso
thy proceeds for, the payment of such bonds
vi limy be drawn by lot, and at the maturity
of said bonds outstanding .shall pay and re
deem said matured outstanding bonds out of
said moneys in said fund In extinguishment
of suid bonds on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose."— Amendment up
proved November let. a. \>. van.
SEO. ti. The state controller aud stato troas
uror shall keep full ami purllculur account uud
record of all tliolr proceedings under this act,
und they shall transmit to the guvei nor an ab
stract, of all such proceedings thereunder, with
an annual r«iiorl, to be by tlio governor laid bo
lore tho legislature.. biennially: uud nil books
und papers purttilnlng to tho mutter provided
for in this net shall |'ii nil times bo open to tho
Inspection of any parly Interested, or the gover
nor, or tho attorney general, 'fit a 1a 1 lommltlno of
cither branch of the legislature, or a Joint com
mittee of both, or tiny citizen of tho state.
KEO, 7. It shall bo iho duty of tho statn treas
urer u> pay the interest of said bonds, when the
Hame rails due, out of tho sinking fund provid
ed for in this act, on controller's warrants duly
drawn tor that purpose. ,
SKO. 8. This act, ir adopted by tho people,
Hhhll take elfeet, on the thirty-Hrst day of Decem
ber, A. D. nineteen hundred and eight, us to all
Its provisions except those relating to und nneos-
Hiiry for its submission to the people, and tor
reluming, canvass ing, and proclaiming the
voles, and as lo said oxecptod provisions Ihis act
Hhall take effect Immediately,
si;e. 11. This uct shall bn submitted to the peo
ple Ot the stutoof California fur their ratification
ul tile next genorull eluctlon to be holden in thn
mouth of November, A. v. nineteen hundred uud
eight, ami ull balluls ut suid election Mhull havn
printed thereon, and at the end thereof, the
words, "For the Inillu Hasln Act," and iv v Kep
ui'alo lino under tlie same words "Aguinrit the
India liiisin Act," mid opposite piald Hues there
Mhall be left space* lv which the volets may
make or slum) 1 v cross lo Indicate whether they
vote fur or uguiiist Iho said uct, uud those voting
ror'sald act shall do so by placing across opposite
wolds "For the lmllu I'la-uu Act," uud ull those
vutliit; against thn said actsliall do so by placing
across opposite the wolds "AguhiKt Ibo Inillu
llusln Act." The governor of this Htitloshall in
clude the submission ot this uct to tho |»«>plo, us
ulorcHuld, In hi* procluniuilon culling for said
general election.
Hii:. iv. The votes east fur or against this uct
shall bo counted, returned and canvassed and
declare 1 In thn Hume manner and m bjeei to the
same in leu us votes east for state oil icers ; und If
it appear that xuld uct shall have receive. 1 a
majority ot all tlio voles cast fur and against It
ut said oluetion us uforiiHuld, then the same
shall liuvn eil'ivi as hrrelnhKlorii provided, ami
hliall bo Irrepeulabln until the principal und In
terest of the liabilities herein created Hliall be
paid and dlscliurgnd, uud iho governor shall
niskii proclamation thereof; tint It a majority ot
Uu) voles east us aforesaid are against Uiis ail
then tho suiun shall bu uud beeouio void.
KEC. 10.;, It shall be tlm duly of tho secretary
ot stum to have this uct published lv at leant ono
newspaper lv ouch loiiuir, or city uud county, if
uni! Im published therein, throughout thisHlalo,
fur tin-en months next pi'iuiMdlhg the general
eleetiuu to im holdun lv tho mouth of November
A. 1). nineteen ilUlldlOll Ullll ell-111 , tile eii.-tH of
publioutU>n»hull,be puid out ot tbo Sun Frua
clsco harbor improvement fund, ou controller'!)
warrants duly ' drawn for thai purtHMß.." —
Amendment approved Noveiniiei"j:i, A. l>. I'.iuT.
HEC. 11. This uct limy bn know v und oiled us
tuo "India llaslu Act."
~_ — ■ — — - — . i
Ski. 12, All net* nnl parti nf not In rnnfllrt
with the rrovl»|r>n» of thin net are heroby re
pflßlWl,
W. Jl. I'onTEB,
rrn«lil«ntof thffHrnaM.
11. I* lIKAIIIIHI.KR.
flimnltffr of tho Asfu-nihl.v.
Approved Arch 21*t, A. I). 1(107.
I, N. OIM.ETT. OoYPrnnr.
Endowwl: FUml In thnofrice tho Rnorntarjr fit
Slfttn, Inn 21st day of Mnroh, A. D. 1007. O. F.
Curry, N<vrntiiry nf Ktnto. lljr.l. Known, Drpnty.
(Amonilfil »>y Ronato lull No, 7, Chapter 4.
pnsntwi at thnKxtraHmnlon nf thoThlrty-HOTonth
Motion of tho r^jtlslatnrn.)
w. n. I'onTEti,
PrnnMnnt of thn Rnnnto.
11, U HF.AHIIKI.F.K,
Speaker ol thn Assembly.
Approved Novomhor D3i A. I). IWI7.
.1. N. otM-rrr, Oovrrnnr.
Eniiorwil • Fllo<l In the nfrii 1 " of thn Srrrotnry
ofHlntn, tho a:inl day of Novomhnr, A. I>. liKlf,
•.:. ¥. <;urry, Becntarj of wtito. jy2* nit
THE MENTOO KNOW
THE SUPERIOR _^ xv vN .
QUALITIES OF ,ss^k\\
SLICKERS. SUITS fef | M
AND HATS AjV O
are the men who have fc(
put them to the hard- I yf]j\
est tests in the rough- y^^kfK
cst weather. r^m^
Get the original '^vWk]
Tower's Fish Brand *^Hf
made since 1836 ffl
CATALOG rf>CC FOR THC fISK/Nd jjBt»i
* J TOWTff CO BfJSTON, U 6 A
ilifilll
Floral Designs, Cut Flowers,
Bouquets.
336 East Weber Avenue,
STOCKTON, CAL. jy3ft
L A. DANNER
Paints Wall Paper
Glass Brushes
Painting S: Decorating
15 S. HUNTER STREET
jyiltf STOCKTON. CAL.
MFmiPEIGLEIKSo
Kemp & Hcffcrnan, Prop'r.
Awnings [made to order.
Carpets Cleaned and Refitted.
Upholstering and Mattress Making
330 S. CALIFORNIA STREETJ
jyiltf STOCKTON CAL.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
• Bones •
: And Trays •
2 All kinds in Stock. m
J special sizes made to J
? order on short notice. J
• Grape Stakes, •
• ' Redwood Tanks, •
• Windows, Doors, •
• Planing, Sawing and »
2 Lumber. Independent. 2
• R. F. WILSON, 2
• jy2tf Stockton. Cal. •
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA
Hoarding ami duy school conducted by the
Sisters of Notro Damc(Numur), Founded
In 1856.
The curlculum embraces all tho branches of a
solid English education. Preparatory and
advauced courses la art, language, and musia
For further Information address
mil SISTER SUPERIOR
L. Yogeli, Jeweler
Wo have the most assort-
ed and complete stock of
goods outside of San
Francisco in various
styles of Watches,
Diamonds. Jewelry,
plate Sterling. Silver-
ware, rich American
Cut Glass, Bric-a-
Brae, and Novelties-
If you are in need of any
such yooUs, please look mine
over first. Prices aro all as low
as can consistently bo made.
A ONE PRICK STORE.
Foot of Alain st., Jackson
Reoeipt books, locution blauks, deeds
mortgages, promissory votes, eto.
for sale; also mining siguals ou
cloth, graduation diplomas, at tbe
Ledger ottioe
34
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
Correspondents Wanted
We want a regular correspondent In
Amador, Drytown, Plymouth and
Voloano. We will send a dally paper
free, aliu stationery supplies and
stamps to any one who will act as
correspondent In each of the above
plaoee. Let us hear from you. We
want the news.
MERCHANT OF
GRIZZLY FLAT
Killed by Runaway Team
From our Aukmn Correspondent.
Sept. 2.— Joe Lyons, tbe merchant at
Grizzly Kiat, was thrown out of a
large spring wagon by a runaway
team, and received Injuries from
which he died a week ago today. Mr
Lyons, his grandson, 10 years old, and
uncrippled mau by the name of Wran
gle, were sitting on the seat, the boy
driving. They had reached near the
bottom of what is known as tbe Sly
' fork grade, when one horse kicked at
tbe other, and went astride of the
tongue. One ot tbe horses that bad
killed old man linker a few months
ago, who was then Lyons' delivery
man, was one of tbe two. He had run
away four times, twice doing deadly
injury, and twice doing but little.
The horse generally was quite gentle,
being as tame ns any work horse
around the country, but when be got
aorazy spell he was viciously malig
nant and frantio. The other horse
could have been controlled, but this
one meant business to death. When
j they started to run Lyons was sitting
on the side opposite to the brake. He
grabbed the lines out ot the boy's
hand and endeavored to hold them.
As be did so the runaway horse sprang
off his feet and plunged frantically
forward, and with breakneck speed
ran down tbe grade. Lyons, on tbe
spur of tbe moment, tried to bank the
wagon by running on tbe side of the
grade. With fearful velocity one bf
the front wheels of tbe wagon struck
a granite bowlder of several hundred
pounds weight, breaking tbe softer
shell of the rook in two and throwing
tbe core into the center of the road.
Whou the wagon struck this, the
shock threw Mr Lyons about sixteen
feet, he strlkiug on bis head. He was
rendered unconscious, and he never
regained consciousness up to his
death on Saturday night last. A gash
was cut in his bead from his right
templft backward . behind his et>r,
which took'Jti stitches to close up.
Mr Wrangle bad one rib broken, but
tbo boy came out unscathed, with tbe
exception of a few slight bruises.
Mr Lyons was a federal soldier in
the war of the rebellion. He was a
member of tbe (J. A. H. and was fol
lowed to his last resting place at
Smith's flat, near Placerville,on Mon
day last by the few old soldiers that
were residents of the vicinity.
Mr Lyons was a man of sterling
qualities, aud was almost universally
liked. He hud been a merchant of
Uiizzly Flat for nearly forty years.
Hie loss will not only be folt by his
bereaved family but by the many pat
rons he had etxonded aid to more
tbau once. Just prior to lii.s death be
had put up a telephone Hue from
Grizzly to Placerville, and was on a
mission of construction of that prop
erty when he met tbe fatality ou Wed
nesday. He leaves a wife and three
children, two daughters aud a son, to
mourn his untimely end. May tbo
angels of peace and Jovo soothe tbe
sonowing ones in their awful be
reavement.
Giddy Dick.
AUKUM
Sept. 7— A shower or rain just to
lay tbe dust Sunday evening, aud it
left the weather somewhat cooler.
Willis Carter has recovered troru
the attack of malaria bo as to return
to Ml Dorado, where his employment
awaits him at Mr Harbin's hotel.
Mrs Dillion was a visitor at Fly
mouth Saturday last.
Cloice Dillon, Kd. and Frank
JJrumlluld, Louie Heely, Lou Deau
aud Mr Thompson were tbe hunting
party that was ou tbe river near the
old J. N. MoNaugbton place Sunday,
but with poor success. They fulled
to drag in their deer they had been
pictuiiug in their mind tbo past
week.
Newton Perry and family, Dr.
Humidors and wife, Milt Votaw, J'J.
McClary aud family have hII .[returned
home iroin their long tide uud
Bummer outing to Weutworlu Springs,
Keno, Lake Taboe uud down the
ridge by l<'uru ham's.
Laura Wurren uud Flora Gofllnet
killed a large ruttlesnuke witb seven
ruttles, and severul were bruised in
killing it. The girls discovered the
euuke ou their way home from school.
Mrs Harp White and daughter,
Jrimi) Taylor, returned borne trout
Plucmville, whore Mrs White went
for deutal woik. W. A. L.
Lodger &'CWfI»BO Inter-Ocean, pi 50
lONK
Sep. 10— Miss Amanda Leste of Han
Franolsao, is tbe guest of the M. H-
Tregaakls family for a ooiiple of
weeks.
Mrs Leary and eon Ueorge, who
have linen visiting frienda in this
section for some time, returned to
their Haornmento home today.
The ball given by the Native Bons
In tbe lone pavilion last night was a
grand auooegs, and etery one who wna
present report having bad n good
time.
Mia Jas. M. MolJonald and dnuglT
tets were called to, Jaokson Wednes
day ou account of the death of tbe
former's brother, Mr Kelley.
A shower Is threatened here today,
which will be gladly received by the
inhabitants of this vicinity, if it
only succeeds in laying tbe dust.
Mrs 1. Smith, who has been visit
ing her sister, Alts liass for a oouplo
of months, starter] for her eastern
home Thursday morning.
Mrs Agnes Bryson returned from
the city Wednesday evening with a
full supply of winter millinery, and
will hold her opening days in a
couplo of weeks.
Miss Liottie Braddy departed Wed
nesday morning tor Los Augeles,
where she will teach the coining
winter. loneite.
SUTI'KK CKEUK.
Sep. 10- Miss Vesta Ross left Satur
day morning for an indefinite visit iv
Sacramento and San Francisco.
Johnie Levaggi weut to Berkeley
Saturday for a visit to his sisters, and
will also remain and seek employment
if possible.
Maurloe Finn left Saturday morn
ing for San Francisco, where he will
work in the law office of Samuel
Shortridge.
Miss Kate Sorocco came up Satur
day night from San l<'ranoisoo, to
spend a couple uf weeks'vaoation with
her parents and family.
Mrs Angeline Harris, who came up
from Sacramento to attend tbe
funeral of her father, Krank Ledoux,
returned home Thursday tbe 3rd inst.
Mrs Gertrude Downs, Mrs W. E.
Downs and two children, and Miss
Florence Odgers returned home from
an extended stay in Santa Cruz Jaft
Friday night. Sutteritc.
Pioneer flour is the best; have no
other.
CLIPPED FROM EXCHANGES.
lVrom Placerville Republican.
Lawrence liurke and party of Ply
mouth returned from a hunting trip
iv tbe mountaius and left some
vension amoug some of his friends iv
Placerville this week.
Surveyors from Angels Cump have
been running all through Amador aud
HI Dorado oounties surveying ditches
for lloburt, Hayward & Lave Miniug
Co.
The Plactirvillo base ball team de
feated tbe Amadors at the Park last
Sunday with a score of 9to 0. Ike
"whitewash" was not expected as
Amador has previously made very
good records.
Clinton Wey bright, a young mau
about thirty years of age, died at
Caldor last Thursday, after a loug
illness from consumption. Ho was a
nephew of J. C. Weybright who lives
near Somerset House and was married
to a daughter ot tbe late James
Barney, whose home was southwest of
Caldor.
A marriage lioense was issued Tues
day to Calvin Alexander Tausou aud
Lillian Dorathea barney both of Ply
mouth, Amador county.
The Farmer's Wife
In very careful about, her churn. Sh»
scalds it thoroughly after using, and given
it a sun bath to sweeten it. She knows
that if her churn is sour It will taint the
buttor that is made in it. Tho stomach is
a churn. In the stomach and digestive
and nutritive tracts are performed pro
cesses which arc almost exactly like tho
churning of butter. Is it not apparent
then that If this stomach-churn Is foul it
•makes, foul all which is put into It?
Tho ovll of a foul stomach is not alone
tho bad tnste In tho mouth and the foul
breath caused by It, but the corruption of
tho pure current of blood and the dissem
ination of disease throughout the body.
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
makes the sour and foul stomach sweet.
It does for tbe stomach what tbe washing
and sun bath do for the churn— absolutely
removes every tainting or corrupting ele
ment. In this way It cures blotches,
pimples, eruptions, scrofulous swellings,
sores, or open eating ulcers and all
humors or d iseases arising from bad blood.
If you have bitter, nasty, foul taste In
your mouth, coated tongue, foul breath,
are weak and easily tired, feel depressed
and despondent, have frequent headaches,
dizzy attacks, gnawing or distress in stom
ach, constipated or Irregular bowels, sour
or bittar risings after eutlhg and poor
appetite, these symptoms, or any consider
able numberof thorn, indlcato that you are
suffering from biliousness, torpid or buy
liver with the usual accompanying indi
gestion, or dyspepsia and their attendant
derangements.
7 t '?ites?i»fiir'T3iltffflwnrr o ""^r"! (■"■•
«r.£« AT'tipwe^rnnr^^niu/pm-g
orEgj^jeifebjSa^iiT. wui; uumuxslvi
aTTthe seTer«Ty7T)7uT|^<it royd|yai prai-TTrV
t)l«'',»v«;r.'y, - " That tiiia is absolutely true
will bo readily proven to your satisfaction
if you will but mall a postal card request
to l)r. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. V., for a
free copy of his booklet of extracts from
the standard medical authorities, t?ivlnif
the names of all the ingredients entering
into his wurM-fiiiard medicines and show
ing what the most emlueut medical iuuo
ot the axe say of tho.:i.
ATV/IM>II LEDGER* JACKSON. CALIF IMUN IA,
LABOR DAY CELEBRATION.
A Local Affair, Successful Carried
Out.
Jackson Minors' Union Mr,. 115
W. V. M. gave their sixth annual
celebration of labor day on Monday
last in Jackson. This celebration
was for several years held In Pollen's
Grove, between Jackson and Hulter
Creek, but this arrangement threw
the whole of the expense upon the
union, as It was found next to im
possible to rniao funds by subscript
tlon tor a plcnlo out of town. Ho It
was discontinued, ond the idea of a
home celebration in Jaakson was
substituted in its place, the business
men of the city subscribing money
for this plan.
it was not anticipated that there
would be a largo number from the
outside, but the turn-out from Jack
son and its Immediate vicinity was
ample to make a big showing on tbe
streets.
Proceedings were inuugurated at
halt past nine o'clock by a grand
parade of tbe members of Jackson
union, starting from the Union ball
on Court street, and marchitig
through Main street and IJroadway.
The procosaiou was beaded by tbe
Jackson Military Baud, togged out
in their new red uniforms, presenting
a very neat appearance. There were
between 110 mid 150 members of the
union in tbe procession, most of
them being Slavonians and Italians,
with a sprinkling of Cornish miners
and American born citizens. Tbo
parade was marsbuled by James
Maddern, assisted by S. T. Irian-is.
The procession was dually brougnt
to a halt in frout ot tbe Dispatch
ollifo, where tbe literary exercises
cvere conducted from tbe second story
porob. 11. uriggs as president ot tbe
day. made a brief and appropriate
opening address, followed by an in
vocation by tbe chaplain, Rev. T. U.
Nicholas. Hon. li. C. Kuafc delivered
the oration, dwelling upon labor
themes and tbe benefits of labor
organizations. Tbe band enlivened
tbe exercises with selections.
Afternoon Sports.
Tbe amusement program in tbe
afternoon was witnessed by j a large
throng, each side of Main street be
ing crowded with spectators. Tbe
events were as follows:
Drilling Contest— Tbe drilling con
test which was in progress for an
hour .or more near tbn bridge ou
north Main street, uttraated a large
crowd.' Three teams competed, all
made up of Austrian miners. It was
for union men in good standing only,
who were required to put up an en
trance fee of 85; down bole hammers
not to exceed 8 pounds, 7-8 stuel, no
swedgebacks. Ibe first prizo 875 was
wou by Matt Thomas and Pete Y'usjlu
vicb, who drilled 'M} 4 inches in 15
minutes. ■ Tbe second prize, V 2'>, fell
to •lot) u and Peter Millovicb, cousins,
who drMled 2<J inches.
liorse race ou IJroadway. — Five or
six flyers were entorcrl, including tho
horse of (Jreen and Katto which made
the winning at lone tbe week before
The horse owned by John Viciui of
Sutler Creek, ridden by Tuttle, won
easily, with fully a couplo of lengths
to spare. K. J. Scbneebiy's liorse,
ridden by the owner, came in seooud.
It was a poor start, and I here was
considerable dissatisfaction expressed
ou aocount of tho way tbo uuimals
got oil". Green and Katto's horse wns
last, whether held back ou account of
a hopeless sturt we do not know.'
Tbe winner received SiT>. second prize
815, with an entrance fee of 82.50.
Mens' foot race— Wou by Nick
Quirolo, prize 87.50; T. J. Burrows
second prize, SH.GO. .
Girls* race, nudor 14 years— Kirst
prize, 51. 50, Violet Learn ; second
prize SI, Mildred Ulver.
.Hoys' race, under 14 years— Lorenzo
(Jneto and Leon Schwartz tied, and
divided the money $".50.
Old men's race, free for all of sixty
years or over— Three started. D. K.
See of tbe county hospital doited his
boots for the occasion, and notwith
standing his years aud weak appear
ance, sprinted like a trained athlete,
wining tbe ih'at place, \V D Hatch
second. The prize mouey whs divid
ed 83, to tbe Hint, aud 82 to second.
Donkey nice, obuuge saddled three
timou— This created lots of fun. John
Love came in first, aud received
?'!.50; Chris Savlcb was in secourl,
but it was claimed that lie did not
complete tbe course, aud wus dis
qualified; tbe second prizo went to
Joe Murphy, S2.
Donkey race, change riders, last
donkey wins— Won by Cuueo, 13.50,
S ivit'li second 92.
Bicycle race for men— 'J.'breo started
Wou by Harold LeMoin, prize 85.
In this ruoe 1). Oueto, thu second
man to pass the Hue run into a man
'but wus trying to cross ttie Htroet in
front of him, just after passing tbo
winning Hue. The utruijger was
apparently not hurt, uud got up
immediately; both tlio bicycle rider
and foot passeugor received a severe
jolt.
Uioynle race for boys'— Three en
tered, 11 Learn, tioss uud Lessly
Love, it was claimed that Love wus
tun into by (loss, and put out of the
race. Learn came In Hist, prizes $'6
aud $'2.
Standing jump— Bs won by Lessly
Love who cleared 8 feet hy 2 Inches.
Running jump— Won by I. J. Bur
rowa, clearing 14 leet 11 inchns, 15.
Pole vaulting— l<'our entered, L
(Jiovannonl cleared tbe bar at about
8 feet, aud won the $5.
This ooncluded tbe afternoon
amusements. Everything passed olf
very quietly and pleasantly. In the
evening a grand ball in Love's hall
wound up tbe day's pleasures. It was
largely attended. A bitch occurred
In regard to tbe ball, as the moving
picture show was kept up until tbe
last moment, interfering with the
arrangements for ttye dance, ond
causing some friction. Dunning was
continued until far into the early
hours of the morning, li. Urlggß wan
floor director; .with J. I'icoardo,
Ualph Hngne and E Datson as
managers.
Tbe llnanoial outcome was lluttor
iiifz. About 70 tickets were disposed
of for tbe dance, realizing 8105. This
wns better than was calculated and
leaves a small balance after paying
all expenses.'
Republican Primaries Tomorrow.
Primaries to elect delegates to the
republican county convention will be
held lv all Jaoksnn precincts to
morrow evening, between tbe hours
of 7 and 9 o'clock. Polls for all city
prooincts at Uarbarlni's machine
shop.
By order,
A. M. GALL,
Secretary Rep. C. C. Com.
Old Volcano Resident Passes Away
September :id, Jonathan Uoomer
sbine died in Volcano, aged 7:i years.
Tbe fatal malady wus softening of the
brain causing great suffering for a
year. Ho was born in Denton, Klkart
county, Indiana, and was well liked
by all who knew him. He was buried
Sept. 4th in Volcano by Rev. X, U.
Brun, of the Episcopal cburcb. Tbe
funeral was well attended by friends
who wanted to pay their last respects
to tbe deceased and family. He
ljuvei a wife and daughter, the latter
married Mr Grillo, a merchant of
Voclano, to mourn bis loss.
CASTOR I A
: For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the Slpf //sl?'f i?~ "
MARRIED.
BhiNKDHTJ-RIZZI— Jn Jaqkson, Hep-
tfiaiber 4. 1908, by Alfred Ooldner,
Justice of the Peaoe, Kelice Bene
ditti to Aliss Adolina M. Kizzi,
both ot Sutter Creek.
GALLAUHKK-LKMOIN— In Jackaon,
September 9, 1908, by Key. Father
Kennedy, Martin Il'.I 1 '. Uallagber of
Jiilectra, to Miss Ktbel (J. Lemoin of
Jaokson!
DIED.
KKLIjKY— Ia Jackson, September 8,
J V.) 08, John T. lielley, a native of
California, aged 41 yeats.
KOHEKTSON.— lv Stockton, Cal.,
September 7, 11)08, Lucy, widow of
the late Dr. Id. hi. Robertson, dear-
ly beloved mother ot Mrs C. A.
Herriok, Mrs A. M. Hull' and the
late Mrs T. T. Critteuden, and
grandmother of Robert Kobertsou,
a native of New York, aged 74 years
. aud 5 months.
HopDity Hop.
Are you just barely- getting around
by tbe aid of crutches or a cane? Un
less you buve lost v limb or have a
deformity - it your trouble is rheu
matism, lumbago, sprain, etitt' joints,
or auytbiug of like uature use linl
lurd's Suow Liuinieut and in no time
you cnu throw away your crutches
aud tin iiH well as anyone. Price 25c,
500 aud SIOU. Wold by Ruheor's City
fhaimacy.
A Mero Pittance.'
Mrs. Nurlcli— l told Widow Downes
to send her boy to you and you'd give
him a position. Mr. Nurlch— Well. I
didn't (five him no positlou. Ho canao
with a note from her, «v' she said iv
tho note. "I must find employment for
my boy, even if ho works for, a mero
pittance." The nerve of her callln* me
"v mere pittance !"— Philadelphia Press.
A Dry Joke.
"Will you take something to drink?"
"With pleasure."
The photo was taken, und the sitter
said:
"But what about that little invita
tion?"
"Ob, sir, that Is Just a trade ruse o?
mine to give n natural und Interested
expression to tho face."— Tit-Hits.
In the Wrong Shop.
Mrs. Newlywed— I want to buy a
steak. Lumberman— Hickory, oak or
ash? Mrs. Newly wed — Porterhouse.
Lumberman — You'll find that in the
butcher shop. This is a lumber yard. —
hid ire.
frugality is a fair fortuni and imbitii
it industry a good estate.— Franklin.
Political Announcements.
fi, G. AMICK
Hereby announces himself a candidate
for
ASSKMBLYMAN
For Eleventh Assembly District, com-
prising Amador, Calaveras, Alpine and
Mono counties, subject to the decision
of the Republican Convention. ,
Notice
To Taxpayers.
Office of City Tax -Col lector, City of
Jaokson. County- uf Amador, titate of
California.
Notice is hereby given to the tax-
payers of the city ot Jaokson, tlint 1,
Oeorge M. Huberty, City Tax Collect-
or ot tbe city of Jaakson. did on tbe
10th day of Heptember, 1008, reoelve
from tbe City Clerk and ex-otMolo
Assessor of tbe said city of Jacksoo,
the original assessment book for tbe
year l!) 08. containing a list of the
persoDß assessed for real and personal
property and the amount of city
taxes due thereon for said year.
That tbe whole of said taxes are
now due and payable, aud payment
tbereoti may be made to me, between
tbe hours of oa. m. and op. m., at
my olllco in the Marelia building, on
Court street, in the city of Jackson,
California.
That said taxes will be delinquent
on the first Thursday of November
1008, at ti o'clock p. m.. aud uuless
paid prior thereto rive Der cent will
be added to tbe amount thereof.
Taxes not paid according to law
will be delinquent, and five per cent
and other costs will be added thereto.
UEOKGK M. HUBEKTY,
Tax Collector of the city ot Jackson,
Dated September 10, .1908. .
Absolutely the lightest-running lock-
stick Sewing Machine
SINGER
The latest result of fffty years' ex-
perience in making Sewing machines
for family use.
Machines sold on easy terms.
A. W, STONE, Agent
au«2B JACKSON, CAL.
HODSON
#rThe Photographers
ENLARGED PICTURES
PHOTOS
214 S San Joaquin st.
STOCKTON
813 X st SACRAMENTO
1250 Clay st OAKLAND
] BANKING |
]BY MAIL ]
c The Stockton Savings aud a
9 Loau Society witb resources *
J of yi,UOO,OUO.OU oifois every J
v facility for doing a banking a
• business by mail. Checks •
J taken payable iv any part uf 2
to the United States. Our ays- «
• tern ot bnuking by tuiiil •
• practically brings this grunt J
o liiink to your door. To opeu . w
• an account; witb us, pluce ■ J
2 tbe amount you wish to start J
« within nn envelope addressed J
• to us mid by return imiil you •
• will receive v bunk book J
c showing tbe amount of your •
• deposit. The United States *
2 mails tire saf,o and no one 2
• ever lost a dullur iv this way. *
• Wu eolioit the accounts of «
2 farmers, business men aud J
• others and assuro them court- •
• onus und liberal treutmeut. •
g Kindly mention this Paper •
• Send for froo Booklot. •
| STOCKTON SAVINGS £
2 AND LOAN SOCIETY •
• Stockton, California. 2
t:ioooo*ocscooe«c»»««i«eio
If You Want
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Malt
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. myi»
»•»•♦♦♦♦•••»♦>♦»♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦
ii Money
|| Makes Friends
, ', If you have money you havo
< • friends. The friends aro not
J ' t necessarily to bo accounted for
, , merely because you have money,
< • but merely because there is im-
J | piled a charucter for thrift and
1 ! systematic business habits. The
< > contact with thu people you
' | meet at the bauk as well as the
( ' strictness of the business methods
< ' exacted by it, and its high stand-
j | nrd of business ethics, all have
J ', an influence in dovclopinp busl- ■
< > ness character, a cburacter 'the
J [ people credit you with if you are
[ ', a bank patron;
J | Come and do business with us.
o Bank of Amador County
• I Jackson, California.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦••♦♦»♦♦♦»♦♦•♦•♦•♦
oae*iatt*ittM«*«ao99*ito
• GO TO THE
i Mil BAKERY
• When Yon "RTJT7' ATI
© Want Fresh X>±Ui<i\.U
111 1 DSL PORTO 1 1 POTS-
2 VVe alHo)hccp a largo stock of StitDie
W and Fancy
I GROCERIES
• Oar Specialty— FrenhißreadTeverv day
• except Su»doy
••M<t»aot«titaa»o»«o*ot«
I DIVIDEND
NOTICE
The People's
Savings Bank
OF SACRAMENTO,
Will Pay 4 and per cent on
ordinary deposits and A\ per
cent on Term Deposits, free
from taxes, 'for tho term' com-
mencing July Ist, 1008, and end-
ing December 81st, l!) 08-
. Paid up capital and re-
serve 8390,000.00
Assets $2,380,000.00
WM. BECKMAN, President
A. G. FOLGKK, Cashier,
Send for our booklot,
"BANKING BY MAIL."
yitilllMUtKimmiYimifmTmMflh t MiMllTtATff fVif lilTlfirai 'ii«^Ji
Electrical Wirin
Of all descriptions
Door and Call bolls ai
short lino Telephones
intalled in any home.
For particulars vail
G. M. Voorheis - - Main
Jackson - • - Callforr,
j shoemTking
"l I
"I V. MAROVICH
ii
n locutud in
n Ij. Radovlch's saloon ut Main
!\ street bridge.
• *"
1 Tho host kind of
workmanship und fully
, 10 peroontloss than any
); ono else in town.■ ■
A Beautiful Picture
Given Away With Every Box of
KIRO TOOTH POWDER
PRICE • , - * * Twenty-five cents
«
RUHSER'S CITY PHARMACY.
Jackson* Cal,
TEMPERATURE AND RAINFALL
This table gives tho highest and lowest tom
peraturo In Jnclison for each day, together with
the rainfall, as rocorded by self-registering
instruments kept at the Ledger office :
I I {0;i i i»
iTemp: E ITcmpjg.
Date. I B Date. i jg,
jL.jH.j 21 1i.1H.2-'
Sep, 1..1D08; 8ji100....i180p. 17 !: j ; ","
2 1 fitjiioi! ii 13 !: i : :••••
3 156:100 I! 19 j: ! | !""
i j 58i «8| :i ao i: ; : >••'•
5 (to; «8i. ...ii 21 I;:!" 1
6 91! 830.03:! 23 : j : I 1'"I 1 '"
7 58 1 te>'....\\ 23 : I : ;•"•
8 w «ii....i 24 : i : ....
9 5Ji 871 i 25 ; :!:!...
lo ssi 50|....i 26 : : i : !■•••
ii ! Bii : .... 27 i : I : h" 1
la j : !■: ....;! 28 : j : ;••••
13 : : .... so j • ! : r 4 "
14 !: i : ....:! 30 i: I : "•■
is i i i : ....ji 31 : i : •"!
16 i : 1 : i..., I I;: I,: I
I I {0;i i i»
iTemp: E ITcmpjg.
Date. I B Date. i jg,
jL.jH.j 21 1i.1H.2-'
Sep, 1..1D08; 8ji100....i180p. 17 !: j ; ","
2 1 fitjiioi! ii 13 !: i : :••••
3 156:100 I! 19 j: ! | !""
i j 58i «8| :i ao i: ; : >••'•
5 (to; «8i. ...ii 21 I;:!" 1
6 91! 830.03:! 23 : j : I 1'"I 1 '"
7 58 1 te>'....\\ 23 : I : ;•"•
8 w «ii....i 24 : i : ....
9 5Ji 871 i 25 ; :!:!...
lo ssi 50|....i 26 : : i : !■•••
ii ! Bii : .... 27 i : I : h" 1
la j : !■: ....;! 28 : j : ;••••
13 : : .... so j • ! : r 4 "
14 !: i : ....:! 30 i: I : "•■
is i i i : ....ji 31 : i : •"!
16 i : 1 : i..., I I;: I,: I
LOCAL NEWS
W. G. Snyder left yesterday morn
ing for San Francisco on businesa.
lie will return in a few days.
Miss Julia Ginocchio and Miss
Mazie Garbarini have been visiting
at Eleotru for several days this week.
Miss JSorniii Smith is visiting
friends in Amador City, and will re
turn home about tbe 17th instant.
Miss Louise Guerra returned to ban
Francisoo yesterday, accompanied by
ber younger sister, Frances.
J. I. Wilson. Dentist. Hours 9a.
in. to 5 p. m. Phone — OUlce, black
441: residence. Black 394: Jackson.
K. ,S. I'riggs for several years, owner
of the shingle mill near Ham's
station, but who for the past scutum
has been working at a saw mill in
Jliimboldt county came down from
there last Sunday, and is staying with
relatives iv Sutter Creek. Ho expects^
to return to Uumboldt county
shortly.
John Leonard, justice of tbe pou'oo
at Folsom, has been visiting his
sisters, Mrs Coulou, und tbe Misses
Leonard iv this city for the past
week.
Mrs Oscar Myers of Stony Creek,
and her two children, left Monday on
a visit to ber oldest boy, Kugono,
who ban been employed iv tbe
structural - iron bisinese in Han
Francisco for tho past year.
Mrs Mello of liutte, is very serious
ly iil, with dropsical ailment. She
is under treatment at the bands of
Dr. Ku'dloott. ,
WANi'KD— Pasture tor twenty head
'of cattle, after the grass starts.
Address VV. 11. Froy, Fulrplay, Xl
Dorado Co., Calit. Aug. 28-2 m
Miss Nellie Dii.scoll loft Wednesday
moruiug for Stouktou, intending to
remain there indefinitely.
Miss Louisa Guerra ot San Fran
cisco, is visiting her mother in this
city.
lSunlee Uoiug lett Wednesday moru
iiiK for Los Uatoa, to resume her
studies in tho high school there.
(J. bi, Olver was a passongar ou the
stage that left Wednesday, bound for
Sau Francisco.
CiL-orgo Cnurtclglit killod v deer iv
tbo orchard of (Jrno Joues, near
Mouutuiu Spriugs ou Monday last.
There was a baud of three duor in the
plncu at the timu feeding on tho fat
things therein. Ihe nuiuisil captured
weighed 20U (ouuda. There wore no
antlers, but tho hums were covormi
with a peculiar mossy or velvet
substance, anil were exhibited around
town Tuesday as a curiosity.
jiuy the best sewing macbiues
mude, for salo cheap. Z. T. Justus,
Weil ISl<is<. Jackson.
• The gold nugget aud stick pin lor
which chanced have been sold, will
be disposod of iv tbe usual way at
i'eiiovioh's boarding house ou Sun
day afternoon. Sept. Hi, ut 2 o'clock.
Those bavins tickets ure requested to
be present.
Tbe MaiODia fraternity held a
uhildron's festival in their hull last
v veu ing. I'll is is speolully designed
for tlm entoitiiinnmiit ot the nhlldrou
of members, aud id held every year.
There wus v lurgu utteuiluuce uud tho
jnveuites were regaled with ice cream
hid cuke, and literary oxoioisus iv
tho way of recitations, music, etc,
it wus throughly enjoyed by all.
The putillo school at Fine Orove
started August 31, with Mlsa Cond
ing of San «lose as teacher.
Key. 'J\ JrJ. NiohoJHsnnd family left
Wednesday morning for PaciHo
(Srovo, to attend the annual confer
ence of tho church, which will extend
into next week. They will return In
two wooks. It is expected that the
pastor will be returned to this charge
for another year.
F. JVI. Par veil, J. P. Little and
others connected with Jose (iulch
Mine near liutto mountain, came up
early tbie week, on business concern
ing that property.
W. K. Mathews. principal stock
owner and president of the Argonaut
mine, nrrived here last Kriday even
ing, to look after bis large interests
here. It is pleasing to report that
the underground developments re
cently have imparted a very encourag
ing outlook to this famous mine, and
that it bids fair to get on its old-time
dividend paying basis in the near
future.
Miss Postle, trained nurse, came up
from lono Valley early this week
under a nursing engagement.
W. F, Detert returned Sunday even
ing from a visit to San Francisco.
The. first rain of the season fell
Sunday afternoon. It waa barely
sutticieut to Jay the. dost, howerer,
and measured 0.2 of a inch.
'Miss 'Kate Drisooll left Saturday
preparatory to opening hnr school in
San J ouquiu county Monday morning.
Whitney Rust, son of Judge X, (J.
Kuat, returned home Just iveok from
the northern part of the state, where
he had been employed for several
months during the high school vaca
tion. Ho was taken with an attack of
malarial favor, and has been quite
ill since his return homo. lie is
under the care of Miss Wiuters, the
trained nurse from lono.
M. Li. Smith Notary Public and
Stenographer, Court St., Jackson,
Tolephone Black 413.
Owing to a leaky boiler, wliich was
not detoctod until tho time to start
on its trip to lone Wednesday morn
ing, the 1. and IS. train failed to
raako the start from' tho depot. AJJ
passengers were taken to lone in
stages, two from Jackson, nun one
from Sutter. Tho train, however,
came up from Jove that evening on
time all right.
Thomas Love oamo up from San
b'rauotaoo Wednesday, on a brief visit
with his mother, lie expects to re
turn to the city tomorrow.
There aro three typhoid fever cases
under tho charge of Jackson physi
cians. The illuess (of Whitney Rust
bus dovoloped into typhoid fever;
another case exists ou the Hamilton
tract, tuo imtiout being Louis
Dcvecchio. I'lio other patient is Mid
A. li!u:ot, a resident ot Sutter hill.
Mrs J. W. Culdwell returned home
Tuesday evening after n pleasant visit
of several weeks in Ban Kruucisco
and Oakland.
School Huponutnudout W. 11. (Jreou
halgb will louvo tomorrow morning
fui Lake Taboo, to attoud the biennial
mooting of tho state superintendents
UHsociution, which convouea ut Tubou
I'avein ou l.im lUh insisuit continuing
until the l'.lth inclusive.
Dr. ('all returned home last eveu
iug. Mi'ri (Jail will remain in Sun
Kmijcisoo for a fow days.
Wanted, tit Ledger otlioe, a boy or
girl, about 17, to learn printing busi
ness and reporting.
A strauger named O'Neil was put in
jail lust erouing for ureutiug|a diutur
bunco in tlm roillight district.
A wurriiut hits been issued for
tlm arrest of Munuol Mollo, threaten
ing JuugiiHge arid dibturbiug the peace
wliiln on ii spree yesterday.
Murriutfo Jiconsoa have beou issued
by tlm county oleik for Mikola
,!S>iiiKii:;zlol) and Ljuba Drugolovlcb of
Juuksuu: and Kllswurth K. iliu-y of
Oluta, iv Lillian Uregil of Plymouth.
A liij: brush tire broke out this
afliii'iiiiuii as we go to press übout 4
miloa uurtlieuttt of here. Many have
ginio out to light tho ll.iiiuiH.
FBIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1008
Gallagher— Lemoln Wedding.
The marriage of Martin F. Unllsgher
and Miss Kthel U. Lemoin was cele
binted at en early hoar on Wednesday
mottling, Hnptnmher Oth, at the lesl
dence of tbe bride's parents, Mr and
Mrs F. U. .Lemoln. Kgt. Father
Kennedy ollloiated. Only near re
latives of the contracting parties were
present at the ceremony, the only
ones from tho outside being Mrs J.
Wormy and A. L. MoWayne of Dry
town. Miss Nellie Uritton was
bridesmaid and Will Ureeu grooms
man. After partaking of a sumptuous
wedding breakfast by the company of
fourteen at tbe cottage of the
parents, the bridal patty was driven
to Martells expecting to take (be 1.
&K. train at that point, lint the
mishap to tbe boiler of tho engine
prevented tbe train going to lone
that morning, so tbe pair worn driven
to lone and there took the train for
Santa Cruz on a wedding tour of a
couple ot weeks. Upon their return
they will mako their home at Elootra,
whom Mr Cnllaghor Is employed by
the Standard Electric Company.
Tbe bride Is one of Jaoksoc's most
popular young ladies, and tbe groom
is a young man of excellent character
with a host of friends. The bride was
the rcconiont of a large number of
handsome and useful presents. . A
nice cottage at Kloctta has been
elaborately furnished for their recep
tion on their return from tbe wedd
ing tiip. The Ledger wishes tbe
.couple a long and happy matrimonial
'life.
Best Treatment for a Burn
If for no other reason, Chamber
lain's Salve should be kept in every
household on account of its great
value in tbe treatment of burns. It
allays tho pain almost instantly, and
unless tbe injury is a severe one,
heals tbe parts without leaving a scar.
This salve is also unequalled for
chapped bands, sore nipples and dis
eases of the skin. Price 25 cents.
For sa>e by Jaokson Drug Store.
Spagnoli, prop.
Died of Quick Consumption.
John V. Kelly died at the home of
bis parents, about one mile north ot
Jackson, during Tuesday night of
quick consumption. He came home
from the northern part of tbe state
about a month ago, in a yeiy feeble
condition. Two doctors were^called
iv the case, and tbe. disease was pro
nounced tuberculosis ot the rapid
chaiacter. Little could be done to
arrest the progress of the malady and
he gradually sank, dyiug as above
stated. He was a native of Cali
fornia, and i\ years of age. liesides
a wife and infant child, ho leaves his
aged parents, two brothers, C. M.
Kelly and LI. W. Kelly, aud four
sistets. Mrs ,1. Macdouald, of Hound
Mountain, Nevada; Mrs J. O'lirieu,
of Oakland; Mrs It. L. Uuey, of New
York, and Mrs Dolabide of Jaciksou.
lie was .a member of Excelsior
parlor, N. S. G. W., under tbe
auspices of which organization the
funeral will take place tomorrow
morning. Tbo Native Daughtora of
Ursula parlor are requested to meet
at tbe Odd Fellows boll at !i o'clock
to attend the funeral in a body.
Fine Vegetables.
. The vegetable garden connected
with tbe hospital grounds supplies
most ot tho vegetables used hy that
institution. We were shown this
week samples of cucumbers aud
yellow long neckud squashes oud the
saucer squash grown iv that ga;ileu
iv great abundance, attended ex
clusively by the patients. ihese
wero raised from government seeds
supplied through the Lodger. They
ure among the ohoiest vegetables of
that kind we have ever seen produced
here, and they are. so prolific that
they cannot uae all tho product.
Logan for Best Baby Photo's.
Lngau, tho premier phntogrnubar
of Stockton, has won a EUbstautial
reputation by bis splendid work in
photngiaphiug the little tots. Ho has
pleased thousands with bis work and
can certainly please you. Next time
you are iv Stockton, biiug tbo
youngsters nlong aud hnve thorn
photogiuphed. Kvery comfort tor
mother aud child in bin ijiir up-to
uiitu studio at No. 15 S. Sau Juaqula
street. Aug. 7-"-t
Unclaimed Letters.
R. S. Ainlei-Hou p o, I'uos. S Adams,
Mruust (Jramor p c, Selmira Ciiiunini,
IJorthu L'.'.siwi-ll pc, (Jolub Kovaco
vlch, 1) I'npi, Li Kotui [<o, Ki>.t i! iJilio.
For Assemblyman.
10. 0. AmicU uuuouucos this week
his candidacy for Assemblyman of
the eleventh assembly district, sub
ject to ttie decision of the republican
district con rent iuu^to meet Heptem
ber ID, at Mokeiumue Hill. Mr
Annuls is a resident of. louo, and is
known to ovory ouo iv tho vuiloy ieo
tion v* a substantial busiuegfa mnu.
lie is well quulilied tor the oUlce,
ami if tho iiomiiifi) is to como from
Annul or uouuty tie ia the man for the
position.
"tJi'iitMiilly (lobihtatHd for yeori.
Hud sink hnnilui'Jicw, lucked lunliil ion,
was worn-out and till rim -down itur
doisk lilood Hitters mado mo it well
woman."— Mr* <Jbua.l' I n<itoy Moosup,
L'ouu.
Post Office Money Orders.
As there are grossly exaggerated re*.
I'oHh in ttirr.iiliii.inti regatdlng tbe
Amount of money cent to European
countries through the poet otlioe by
Hliena employed in tbe mines here,
we have taken tbe trouble to get tbe
facts ooocerning the outiiow through
the Jaokson postolllce at least. It
must be remembered that there ate
but two post oUlce In tbo mother lode
towns, where the issuance ot inter
national orders la authorized, namely
Jackaoo and Huttei Creek. All
money sent to foreign countries
through tbe post office goes from one
«"■ other of these olllces. Jaokaon
dooa fully tbroe-fourtbs of this busi
iichh, and it is not all from Jaokson
either, aa this is the nearest olHoe fcr
such orders for Camp Seco, (Jwin
mine and other points outside, the
business from which amoubta to con
siderable. The statement that $19,000
per month or over 8200,000 per year
is wide ot the mark. Here aro tbe
facts, for Jackson utlice as giveu by
postmaster Duden. For the year
ending August 111, 1908, there were
issued Kill international orders,
aggregating in amount TO, 1 7 1.5:!. A
considerable part of this was for
parties at Camp Seoo, (Iwiu Mine,
State of Nevada, and Amador City,
l'attios who had previously worked
here and drawn orders on foreign
countries through this olllco con
tinued to apply ' to this ofJico for
money orders, eveu after rinding em
ployment elsewhere. It is safe to say
that fully one-third of the above
aggregate came from outside requests
in this way. At any rate tbe amount
sent away by residents of Jackson
aud immodiate neighborhood would
not exceed 350,000 at the outside or
less than 85,000 per month, instead
ot 81U,0U0 or 820,000 as some would
want to. make out. For Sutter
Creek we have no exact data, but it
will amount to less than half tbe
amount from Jackson. Now, during
the same period there were issued
from tbe Jackson otUce Mi'.H domestic
money orders, amounting to a total
sum of 802241.83; and. there was paid
out tor domestic orders on this post
office tho sum of 800,800. The
domestic business shows that we
sent away to other points in the
United States something less than
SI OOO per month more than we re
ceived from domestic sources. I
While the amount of money exported
by the alien employes of the mines is
considerable, it cuts nothing like
the Hgure that has been generally
supposed. Of course it would/ be
better all round to have men ot
families hero instead; to circulate
the money to a greater extent through
local business channels. The non
speaking element is a incubus, a drag
upon our resources, but beyond the
amount sent to their native countries
there are comparatively few who
hoard up their savings. As a rule
they live up to their income.
Ulllous? Feel heavy atter dinner?
Tongue coatedV Hitter taste Complex
ion sallow? Liver neods waking up.
D oati's ifegulets cure bilious attacks.
25 couts al, any drug store.
Looking After the National.
C'liiih. Shields was iv Jackson-Wed
nesday. J lrj was formerly iv the
Hiiloon and hull business in Ply
mouth, but left there a year ago for
Monterey county, where hu haa been
engaged in tho grocery business iv a
small village called Oak drove, a few
miles from Del Monte, He left his
wife to look alter tho store there,
aud his mission is to look up another
business Jocation. ilo is not so favor
ably impressed with Munteiey as a
point of bnsiiiu'-is for men ot limited
means. It Is reported that ho is con
templating buying tbe interest of Mrs
Voothuis in the National hotel if
satisfactory terms can bo arranged.
Coaru tho /? ia Kind You Have Always Boi/gto
City Trustees.
An adjourned meeting ot the board
of trustees ot tho city of Jackson, was
hold Just orim ing. All membeis pre
sent except Tarn.
Faeitii) (iaa and Klectrio [Co. asked
to bavo last mouth's bill withdrawn.
Koq'uost granted by unanimous vote.
Application of Henry W. Chiipuiau
for v permit to retail liquors at the
Olympus saloon read. On motion
license of Mike Del lob was revoked,
uud application ot lloury W Chap
man wan grauted.
OiilinaniM! No. Ii in relatiou to
liquor lloonso name up for reading
aud Mr (Jaminotti presented auothor
pot it ion to be annexed to the preeeut
petition ou lile and asked to havo
same tiled, grauteil. Il'I 1 ' Ituooo, [11 IS
Kay & Quellol, U H Arditto. M Mul
doon, U llmpor, J Chitiu, Q (iruou
and C X lieyumls. addressed tint bnaid
claimiug that it whs lnmlvitiablo to
raise tho liquor license ut prouuut.
A Cammettt digued the mutter iv
behalf of tho stiloon iiiuu. The
matter was continued until Suptem
ber 17.
Tlm (ih'ik preaeutod assessment roll
to tho board which iva«i turned over
to tho colleotur. Tho roll i'outa up
eiwi.osy.
STILL IN THE FRONT
For full lines of cloth-
ing, shoes, drygoods,
gloves, silks, laces,
embroideries, ladies*
waists and ties, and
0
corsets, all of which
will be sold to the
people of Amador
county for less than*
any house in the
state, taking out the
expenses and ex-
press charges.
SHOW'S CASH STORE
Sutter Creek - California
Special Train for Circus.
The Harnum and JJailey Circus wili
exhibit ou September 15, 1908, in
Stockton. For' this occasion the
Southern Pacific Company has made
a rate of 51. 50 lone to Stockton and
return, tickets good on the regular
trains of above date. Returning a
special train will leave Stockton at
f> o'clock p. m.
The lone and Eastern It. H. has
mado a rate of 61.n0 for the round
trip from Jackson, Sutter Creek aud
Amador City to lono, and 81.00 from
M artel 1 to lone. Tickets on salo at
Martolls only.
A special tiain will be run on the
night of September liitb from lone to
Martolls, connecting with tlm special
train on the Southern Pacific from
Stockton.
San Francisco offers great oppor
tunities. .Prepare tor them by taking
a course iv tho Sau Francisco liusi
ness College, 7UU Fillmuro St., S. V.
Republican Primaries at Plymouth
A primary election for the selec
tion of delegates to the forthcoming
republican convention on the 19th
Instant was held iv l'Jymuuth last
Satin day. H. 14. Potter of Plymouth
aud T. Davis of Sbenandoah were
elected, The Plymouth precinct:-: are
/entitled to live delegates, but tbe two
above named were the only ones that
would consent to attend. Them is
little interest iv that section, as there
aro no nominations to be made in
that township. It is probable that
other delegates will be elected aud
appointed before the convention time
arrives.
A Buralar in Town
his name is "bad cough. 11 He
doesn't care for gold or silver but ho
will steal your, health uwuy. If ho
appears iv your house arrest him at
once with liallard's llorebouud Syrup,
it way mean consumption it you
don't. A cure lor all coughs, colds
and chest tioubles. I'rict; 25c, SUo
and 81 per bottlo. Sold by liuneer's
City I'harmacy.
LOVE'S OPERA HOUSE
4 Nights, commencing Sat. Sept. 12
_
In MUSICAL COMEDY.
A specially solocli d cuHt pf real Comedians and Dancen, A two hour contin-
uous performance. No wuits between uctij, OpiMa, Burlesque und Comedy, up
to date ftQd always ahead. Don't, miss It. A tronteel and refined performance
where you can take your wife, sweetheart or family.
All the Latest Popular Songs.
Music and Captivating Dances
A company ofCoraodlani and Dancers whooan deliver the real goods, hoaded by
KENNEDY AND ANSON.
Change of Comedy, Mu»!o, Dauoo», Specialties nightly,
POPULAR I'IUOKS— 2*o for Children, und fiOo for Adults. No extra charge
for reserved beats wtilub may i>o had at Spaguoli's Drug storo.
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
|The following Instruments have been filed
lor record In tne recorder's office sinco our last
report. Wo publish a complete list of docu
ments reuordod, and must decline to accede to
any requeHt to suppress any document from
these columns. Don't ask us to do so
JJeeds— John E. JJoaue tc George
W. Kline. Jot 47 in 23-8-10, S2.
Marie S. Hale to George W. Kline,
Excelsior quartz claim iv 23-8-10, ?5.
JJecrce of Distribution.— Decree in
estate of George Kline, deceased,
died.
Cancellation of Mortgage— Jones to
Jones.
Location— A. L. Eeale ct al locates
lUO acres in 18-7-12.
Stat«- of Ohio, City of Toledo.
Lucas County.
Frank J. Cheney makes oath that heis
senior partner of the firm of F. J
Cheney & Co: doing business in the city
of Toledo, county ami state aforesaid,
and that said firm will pay the sum of
One Hundred Dollars for o^ich and
every case of Catarrh that cannot be
cured by tho usu of Hall's Catarrh
Cure.
Frank J. Cheney.
Sworn to before me aud subscribed in
my presence, this Oth kay of December
A. D. 188 G.
A. W. Gleason.
Notary Public.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken intern
ally, and acts directly on tho blood and
mucus surfaces of the system.
Send for testimonials froe.
F. .). Cheney & Co; Toledo, Ohio.
Sold by all druggists, 75 cents.
Take Hall"* Family Pills for consti
pation.
Comedy Company Coming.
Commencing Saturday night Sept.
12th, the Majestic Comedy Company
comes to Love's opera bouso tor ait
engagement of four nights, 'ihe com
pany comes 1(! strong aud a most re
freshing performances is assured, con
sisting of comedy singing and danc
ing. Prices 2') and £>U cents. No
extra charge for reserved seats. Now
ou sale ut Spaguoli's Drug Store.
Farmers, mechanics, railroaders,
laborers rely on Ur. I'hcmas' Klectri,
Oil. Takes tho sting out ot cutse
burns or bruises at once. I'ain can
not stay where it is used.
56
AMERICA TO BECOME
A DREARY DESERT
Unless Reckless Waste of Forests and Mines
is Stopped.
More than forty years ngo n boy
Rtooil on the west blulf of tho Miss
issippi Klver, at tho village of Dubu
que, in lown, nnd looked with enger
eyes on tho smoothly flowing, yet
terrible, flood ot yellow water as it
bore downward to tho gulf.
The harvests had long since been
gathered and settlers were coming
from many little clearings In tho
forests with corn in the enr, wheat iv
coarse bags, nnd ftesh pork, the
slashed sides of which were held
apart by sticks, to tmrtor for salt,
tobacco, powder and lead. All olfo
they needed was grown in thoir
stumpy tlelds or taken by force or
stealth from the woods.
The lad of the blult's was the son of
a settler. Oil bis hoad was a cap
made from the skina of squirrels
which he had shot, and on bis hands
were mittens mndo from tho skin of a
wildcat which ho hud trapped. He
oould call by name every tree that
grew iv the forests. .
The hoy n;uv tho mighty rivor nnd
asked: "Why is it hero and whence
did it cotno?" His father, could not
tell him; his mother gave li'in tho
manuscript books of his grandfather,
who had boon a scbool teacher in
Kentucky. Ilut tho question remain
ed unanswered.
There were other journeys to
Dubuque, "0 miles distant, for salt,
tobacco and powder— the father had
been a Scotch-Irish miner in Illinois
and had taken a largo supply of lead
with him when he moved into the
wilderness. The buy always went
along on such journeys. He watched
upon the bluffs, trying to read on the
taoe of the waters the knowledge he
wanted. Since then he has becomo a
famous discoverer and expounder of
the truth in nature, but he received
no response from the river.
Then he turned to tho bluffs,
Stratum piled on stratum, and at that
instant was born one of the world's
most distinguished and remarkable
geologists.
Ibe full name of the boy has never
been known to the public. As a man
he signs himself and is called \VJ
McGee, no period being used after
either initial. Kverywhere— in the
books he has written, in the learned
societies here and in Europe, of
which he is a member, and in the
aoientitlc and official records of the
government— be is always and only
WJ McUee. After politely fencing
with him for five minutes, I suddenly
asked: "But what name did the
minister ase when he baptized you?"
Was Never JJaptized.
"My dear sir," he replied, "I have
never undergone that solemn nnd
peculiar ceremony."
Forty-eight eminent Americans,
inoluding capitalists like James J.
Hill and Andrew Carnegie, scientists
like John Hays Hammond, leaders ot
labor like John Mitchell, and public
mon like Senators jNewlands and
iJeveridge, have been niaae members
of the new federal commission on the
conservation of natural resources.
It is not too much to say, perhaps,
that the commission' will begin tbo
moet stupendous and brilliant work
for the public interest ever attempted
in the history of mankind. 1 askod
Dr. McGee, for instance, what would
happen ultimately if the natural re
sources of tho country were not con
served.
"Aroorioa," no answered, "would
become uninhabitable; it would be a
baked desert of clay nnd sand with
only a spot of green bore and there."
The 'work ot the commission is
actually staggering iv its magnitude
and in the splendid genius of its con
ception. There are to be no more
Hoods. The Mississippi ISiver is to
stay within its banks. Ho is the
Ohio. The rains ourry 1,000,000, 000
of tons of soil into the Gulf of
Mexico and the Atlantic and l J naifla
oceans every year. Ihe wanh of the
raius, in tons, about equals tho
annual freights ot all the railways,
lake vessels and river steamboats in
tbo country. And the soil swept
away and lost is the richest part of
the eaitb's surfuoo.
Impossible as it scorns, the alarm
ing waste of soil value is to bo stopp
ed absolutely. Thus where five
bushels ot wheat now grow there will
be six. All crops will be iuoreased
by!Jone-flfth. In money, the yearly
gain will run into hundreds of mill
ions. There are to he other physical
sensations quite an startling.
A scientist, Dr. McGee, ami an ex
pert ot extraordinary ability aud
tiuergy, Gilford Pinobot, chief of the
United .States forest sorvioo, will
actually be iv intellectual control
of the oommipuion. i'luchot, so Or.
MoGee has said, "is iv homo respects
the moat useful man ailve." McUee,
in his squirrel cup aud wild-oat
mittens, surrendered himself to the
mystery of tlm Mississippi, and now,
nilfT ninny years spent in Its study,
lends iv nil bumnn knowledge as to
its history, la possibilities and its
destiny. Coming later, Pincbot Ims
revenlud the locked secrets and' troa
stirna of the forests.
Tho Vnluo ol Water. .
Water Is tho begiuuing ot all value,
ami, parudoxlcnl as it may seem, is
rery lnrgely the substance ot it. Mo-
Goo is the wtitor prophet of A morion,
proclaiming its power and sovereignty
and voicing its warnings through the
present to poatority. Trees are the
piilnrs of its turouo, and J'iiuilnit is
their interpreter. Tho conservation
commission, therefore, has imperative
need for both men.
"WJml; is meant by the conservation
of natural resources?" 1 asked,
"i'hat tbo waste and improper use of
water, forests, minerals ' and land bo
stopped. 'Considering land to be tho
greatest of all values the first settlors
chopped down their trees Unit they
might plant their fields iv corn, wheat
and fodder for their stock. Then
came the discovery of coal and iron
and another base of value was added
to our resources. So wo became i<
nntiou of farmers and manufacturers.
We tore open the earth for minerals
and stripped the land of its forests
that we might obtain lumber.
We Now Keaiize Our Danger.
"1 suppose we would have laughed
Lad we boen told that we were also
developing the greatest desert in his
tory. We failed to perceive that if
we wasted all the wealth about us
little by little we should bo checked
until there came a pause, and then a
slow but evor-increasing descent into
poverty and absolute barrenness.
Happily, we now realize our danger,
and let mo add, none too soon.- Un
less there is a change of methods and
adequate protection the Southern
Apalachian region, which comprises
the rich country from Maryland to
Northern Alabama, will soon be dead
agriculturhlly."
"How do forests prevent floods?" I
asked.
"When {here is n rain on. the prair
ies the water fulls directly on the
ground and runs away in ; tiny
trenches, carrying considerable of
the top soil with it. In the forests,
however, rain does not fall directly
on the ground, but on the foliage and
limbs of the trees. So the water runs
down the trunks, drips from the
leaves, or is turned into spray. The
mulch of decayed vegetable matter
on the ground' takes up the rain as it
falls and holds it like b sponge.
There is no violence, you see, as on
the prairies. The water slowly seeps
into the earth to re-appear in natural
springs or to triokle into the neigh
boring streams, thus regulating tho
uniformity of tbeir flow. Such
streams never dry up or overrun their
banks. '
"Settlers east of the Mississippi
Hiver nearly always built tbeir cabins
near a spring or a stream of clear
water. As the surrounding forests
were out away tho springs disappear
ed and the streams became torrents
in the spring and autumn and vanish
ed altogether iv summer. Floods are
not the natural operations of nature.
Man came in witn his ux to get at
the soil and to build houses and
towns, and, nature's equilibrium be
ing disturbed, there were seasons of
riot in water; now too much, and
again none whatever.
Mississippi Floods Can Ho Stopped.
"The floods iv tho Mississippi can
bo stopped entirely* So can the
floods of every other river in the
country. Trees aro unt»re's ouo and
only preventive. We seu the visible
destruction of a Mood, towns inun
dated and turms Bwept bare of build
ings nnd crops, but the invisible de
struction is iutlDitely worse. The
waste of water is by all odds the
greatest question of tbo ago. We
waste it becuuse wo fail to understand
its value and its uhos. Water has
given to every city lot in the country
and to every ucre of agricultural
land 'JO per cent ot tbeir' market
value. Vet if there in too much water
the land is practically worthless. So
water must bo regulated. Arid
regions must be irrigated, dwamps
must be drained. Streams must be
controlled and kept within their
chauuels.*
"Hut aside from crops, water is the
nation's greatest asset. Two centuries
beuce, when the coal is goue, WHter
will drive every mill iv the country
ami do all the work that is now done
by steam. We can develop U000.0U0.000
horse-power from our water courueu,
or three times the pulling power of
all the homes iv the world. Kven a
teutb of our capacity would be 1)00,
000,000 horse-power, or 8000,000,000 v
year estimated in money. Today
only an luelguitlouot tiuotiuu of that
AMADOR LEPttEK: JACKHO.N, CAL
power ia being utilized. "Too little
of the consumer's money Roea to the
producer and too union of it goes to
tbe railways and the middlemen.
The coot of railway transportation Is
four times the cost of transportation
by water. Cheap freights and the
resultant simplification of our
methods of carriage would eliminate
unnecessary middlemen and their
profits. We have not only been
wasteful with our resources, but ex
travagant with our money. The
Mississippi has beoc abandoned
virtually aa a watorway, even though
it was the means of opening nud
building a very great part of tlm
country.
Kivor Paokfita Cionted Culture.
"Culture refluomeut and intellect
uality followed the old rivnr packots
on which life was seen in its best
phases. Men rode on them and bo
tieid silver, china ond napklus for
the first time, i'ho pp.ckots have gone,
but boats for heavy freights nrd cer
tainties of the future. We nre to ro
turn to scientific principlrs in com
merce. As a boy, 1 droarnod of a
canal lrom tbe Mississippi to tho
(ireat Lukes and of a continuous
water routo to Hudson Hay. Coming
to manhood, 1 thought, tbo great de
velopment of our water transporta
tion would not begin for another
century. Suddenly, however, we
learned that our railways wore
choked with freight nnd were in
adequutu for the requirements of our
constantly expanding business. They
telT behind, and it is economically
impossible for them ever to catch up,
Thus we aro driven to the water
through necessity, as were our fathers.
- "The new era in transportation
which 1 thought a hundred years
away is at hand. A deep channel is
to extend from the Great Lakes to
tho Gclf of Mexico, aud huge battle
ships will be seen oil' the' ports cf
Chicago, Cleveland, Uuilalo and
Milwaukee, it Japan, tor instance,
should get possession of Canada, l'he
wheat grower in Montana will load a
barge aud send it to New Orleans
without breaking bis cargo. Mass
achusetts manufacturers will go to
Florida over an inland waterway.
I here will be systems ot canals of
uniform depth, and tbe railways will
bring them freight and leave to them
all business of tbe heavier kind
lumber, coin, cotton, iron, ore and
so on. In short, tbe United States is
to have a scientific system of rail
and water transportation equal to tbe
needu of tbe 'country and at a fair
cost."
One Billion Tons of Soil Wasted.
"How mauy tons of soil annually,
are washed away by the rains?"
"One million tons, at least, and it
is renewed very slowly. Half of the
soil goes into the Gulf of Mexico and
tbe rest into the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans. Tbe waste, and it is really
dangerous, is wholly unnecessary, be
cause it is tbe result of floods, and
tloods. as 1 have said, are prevent
able. Forests and improved methods
of agriculture will stop tbe loss and
thus increase tbe productiveness of
our farms fully 20 per cent.
"When I was a geologist iv tbo
fluid, years ago, I talked contour
far. m ing to tbe planters of tbe south
—that is, tbe planting of corn and
cotton in semicircular tows, so as to
lessen tbe wash of the rains. The
planters -said that good farming meant
straight rows. However, they
gradually accepted my suggestion,
and now contour farming is almost
universally followed in the billy
regions of the south.
"When I ride through that part of
the country and look out of the our
window no scenery pleases me quite
so much as does a field on a steep
slope, planted in cresoents ot corn iv
tbe tassel or of cotton in tbo bloom."
JAMES li. MOISKOW.
— Globe Democrat.
A Traveling Man's Experience
"I must tell you my experience on
an tiust bound O. K. & N. K. IS. train
from Peudletou to Lo Grande, Ore.,
writes Sam A. uarber, a well kuowu
traveling man. "1 was in the smok
ing department with some other
traveling men when one of them went
out into the coach unri came buck nnd
Raid, 'There is a woman siuk unto
death in the cur.' lat once got up
uud went out, found her very ill with
cramp colic; her hands and arms were
drawn up so you could not strnighten
them, aud with a deathlike look on
hfir face. Two or three ladies were
working with her and giving liei
whiskey. 1 went to my suit cuho ana
got my bottle of Chumberlaiu's colic.
cholera, aud diarrhoea remedy (1
never travel without it), ran to the
water tank, put a double iloee of the
mediciue iv tho glass, poured souiu
wuter into it and stirred it with a
pencil; then I bad quite a time to got
the ladies to lot me give it to her,
but 1 suooeeded. 1 could at once
see the tilted uud 1 worked with her,
rubbing her hands, and iv twenty
minutcH 1 guvo bur anothei dose. Jiy
thin time wo were almost into Ltt
Graude, where 1 was to leave the
train. 1 gave tlm bottle to the huu
baud to be used In case another dose
should be needed, but by the time
the train ran iuto Lo Grande she van
all right, aud 1 received tbo thanks
of every passenger Iv the car." For
sale by Jackson Drug Btore, tt|>ng
iioll, prop.
Beari t)lt d7^ Kind You Ha<6 Always Bought
Signature /J? * jf/ftf-f-faj
GUARDING OUR MONEY
How tho Treasury Vaults at
Washington Are Protected.
WATCHERS DAY AND NIGHT.
Always on Duty and Always Prepared
to Shoot to Kill — Never Has a Dol
lar Been Taken From Them by
Foree — Ono Daring Scheme.
Not a dollar has ever boon taken
from the United States treasury by
force.
Perljnpa tlm nearest approach to loot
ing the vnulls of tho treasury was tho
time Martin Hrondfoot had his plans
about perfected. This wus bnck In tho
eighties, nnd the plan wns to get Into
tho building by moans of tho grout
Hewer which runs under und near tho
treasury and ig known as the Fifteenth
street sower mid which grows larger
us It enters the I'otomoc about turec
quartors of a mllo from tho White
House.
Isroad foot's plan, as developed after
his nrrcst, was to get Into the building,
crack the safes and place tho inonoy
In Inrgo rubber bags and float them
down the sower to the Potomac, whore
his pals would bo In waiting. These
bass were found in his room when he
wns arrested, and secret service men
hnd often seen him wulklng along tbe
shores of tho Potomac near where tho
big sewer empties. This sower Is
about nine feet in diameter whore it
passes the treasury. A man could
easily make his way up* the sower
through a stream of water which un
der normal conditions Is only about
twelve inches deep. By entering the
tunnel or sower ut the river the jour
ney to the treasury could be made by
keeping a sharp lookout. When the
man or rueji in the 1 sower reached the
Fifteenth street sewer nothing would
separate them from the gold coin and
bullion except about eighteen feet of
earth and not too secure stone wall.
It was Brondfoot's scheme- to dig his
way through this obstruction and to
let the eartb float or wash down the
sewer. It would not have taken one
man more than two weeks, working
only at night, to have made an opening
large enough for a man to crawl
through. Of course Broadfoot knew
the exact location of the vaults, and
when he once reached them he would
have had no> trouble in getting the gold
coin and bnHlon. It was evidently Ms
purpose to- fill the rubber bags with
the precious stuff and float them dewn
the sewer to the river, where- 'they
would be looked after by his confed
erates. This was the only really well
laid plot ever made to loot the- treas
ury, and Just why Broadfoot iras
never given a trial has never been
knofrn' to the public. He was an Intel
ligent man. and suspicion was first
aroused against him by his frequent
visits to the money rooms and vaults
and by the questions he asked watch
men and messengers as to the hours
of duty, when the time locks closed
and what time they opened, and all
such questions. That he could have
successfully carried out his plans so
far a» getting into the building and
the vaults are concerned there is no
question, for men have been In the
sewer and conduits who say that it
would have been easy work. The most
difficult part of the job would have
been in getting away with tbe money
and bullion, for if would have required
hard work to secure it and get away.
About the only chance would have
been to bury it somewhere in Virginia,
for if it had been placed on boats it
would have been easy to recover it.
It Is the opinion of the secret service
men that many celebrated cracksmen
have from time to time contemplated
the conversion of a few million treas
ury notes to their own use, but after
careful study t»iey have decided that
the undertaking was too colossal In
character. Secretary Folger when ho
assumed his duties was not slow in
deciding that the treasury was not
properly and safely guarded. There
was not an electric alarm In tho build
ing, the watchmen were isolated and
had no facilities for calling help, and
the safes were of tho old time lock and
key sort,' scattered almost all over the
big building. The secretary went to
work to bring übout a proper condition
of affairs. He had the watch system
completely changed and reorganized,
putting them under the strictest disci
pline. Elaborate and extensive alarm
systems were installed. The old safes
were replaced by modern steel affairs
with time locks and intricate combina
tions. The gold and silver vaults were
fitted with steel casings and time
locks, different parts of tho combina
tions being distributed among various
officials, so that tho vaults could be
opened only with the concerted action
of all of thorn, nnd then only at tho
stroke of the hour for which the time
locks had been set. But without a per
fect system of watchmen to guard tho
safes tho treasury could be easily rob
bed, for the most perfect safe ever
made Is not proof against tho profes
sionals.
The watch force of the treasury Is
perfectly organized, nnd tho least In
fraction of rules means a layoff or dis
charge. The men seem to realize the
heavy responsibilities resting upon
them, and they aro careful almost to a
fault. Tho wutch Is divided Into three
reliefs, the tour of duty lasting for
eight hours. However, tho watch does
not anticipate an uttack by robbers,
hut they are prepared for any emergen
cy, aud they will not be caught nap
ping should one ever lto made either »it
night or by day. Each watchman Is a
regular walking arsenal, aud tbe In-
Htruetlons aro to ohoot, and shoot to
klll.-Los Angeles Times.
BIG l^Mi
IMD the foMffa I^Ml
1 DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR 1
As pure as tho wheat that the green fields grow, §
S As pure as the beat blende millers know, if
S As pure as tho mountain streams that flow, . *
1 As pure as tho purest is DRIFTED SNOW. $
I DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR |
HIGH GRADE ICE CREAM AND CANDIES
We will mail you a [one-pound box to any addross in the U. S.
for 75 cents, or a two-pound box for $1.35. Stamps accepted.
The Wave-434 E. A/lain st., Stockton.
•••••••«OM«oa««oe9«tMMa«ttiao«otiti«tociti«ccts*««
2 NORTH VAIN STREET JACKSON, CAL S
| CITY MEAT MARKET, j
• SGEO. L. THOMAS & CO. ■ •
) Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, Hams, •
! ' Corned Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc* •
• At lowest market prices. -';.' - - Orders promptly delivered. •
••••••••♦♦♦♦•♦♦•••♦♦^••••••••••••■■••••••••••••••••a
SAVE MONEY
BY USING
PIONEER FLOUR
Because it will make more loaves
of bread to the sack than any
other, Made from strongest wheat
—MANUFACTURED BY—
© -PIONEER FLOUR MILLS. SACRAMENTO -6
iFURNITURE STORE!
I Webb Building. JACKSON. §
| L. C. WHITE PROPRIETOR |
I Only Exclusive Furniture Store in Amador County. 8
| Bedsteads, Mattresses, Bureaus, 1
| Tables, Chairs, Rockers, Desks, |
I Carpets, Matting, Linoleum, Window Shades |
I Ranges, Cooking and Heating Stoves U
l| Everything in tho housekeeping lino may bo found |
I at this store, of up-to-date design and quality, and |
1 at reasonable prices. ||
|l Houses furnished Complete on liberal terms. £
|| Carpets fitted and sewed to any sized room; a largo assortment §
H to seloct from. i
3 Call and examine tho large and complete stock, and got prices g
H beforo purchasing elsewhere. g
Orders from the county will receive prompt attention.
Rurnituro Polish, Liquid Glue, and Insect Powder,
Second Hand Furniture Bought, Sold or
Exchanged.
All kinds of Furniture Repair Work Done.
Silk Floss Mattresses made to order.OFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National Government.
EXECUTIVE
President Theodore Iloosovelt
Vice President.. Charles W. Fairbanks
feJUDICIAUY
V. S. SUPREME COURT JUBTICESjQ
(Chief Justice Fuller)
First circuit Oliver W. Holms
Second circuit.... HutuaW. Peckham
Third circuit Henery W. Hrown
Fourth circuit Molvillo W. Fuller
Fifth circuit Edward w. White
Sixth circuit John M. Harlan
Seventh circuit William H Day
Eight circuit David J. Urower
Ninth circuit Joseph McKonna
NINTH JUDIOAL CIRCUIT
(Pacific States and Territories)
Circuit judgo William W. Morrow
Circuit judeo Eslclro Jl. Hoss
Circuit judgo William B. Gilbert
U. S. Commissioner for Amador coun
ty Richard Webb
LEGISLATIVE
SKNATOKS FROM CALIFORNIA
Georgo C. Perkins and Frank P. Flint
CONGRESSMEN FROM CALIFORNIA
.First district Win. Englehright
Second district. ..Duncan E. McKinlay
Third distrsct... Joseph K. Knowland
Fourth district Julius Kahn
Fifth district E- A- IIa .V GS
Sixth district. . . . . .James C. Noodham
Seventh district James MoLuchlan
Eighth district S. C. Smith
State" Government.
EXECUTIVE
Governor ' ames N. Gillott
Lieut-Governor Warren U. Porter
Secretary of State. . . .Charles F. Curry
Controller A. B. Nye
Treasurer Wai. R. Williams
Attorney-General. . . .Ulysses S. Webb
Surveyor-General.. Wm. S. KingHbury
Supt. State Printing.. W. W. Shannon
Clerk Supremo Court.. .F. L. Caughey
JUDICARY
SUPREME COURT
Chief Justice Win. H. Bcaty
Associate Justice . . .T. B. McFarland
Associate Justice . .'. . .F." W. Henshaw
Associate Justice W. G. Lorlffan
Associate Justice F. M. Angellotti
Assoctate .Justice Lu'olan Shaw
Associate Justice. M. C. Sloss
AI'PELLATK JUSTICES t _
First district James A. Cooper
First district .Samuel P. Hall
First district Frank 11. Korrigant
Second district Matthew T. Alfon
Second district James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw
Third district Norton P. Chipimin
Thi.id district Albert G. Burnett
Third district Elijah C. Hart
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
First district Josoph II Scott
Second district Alex Brown
Third district Richard E. Collins
Fourth district Jolt" D. MeElvalne
RAILROAD COMMISSION
First district Alex C. Twrln
Second district Andrew M. Wilson
Third district. .Theodore Summorlund
LEGISLATIVE
Senator, 10th district. .. .A. Caminettl
Assemblyman. 11th dist. .G. F. Snyder
U. S. LAND OFFICE
[Sacramento]
Register John F: Armstrong
Receiver Will A. Nowcum
County Government.
Superior" JudgO Hod. R. C. Rust]
ttheriK & Tax Collector. ..US Gregory
Deputy W. T. Connors
District Attorney C. P. Vicinl
Clerk and Auditor J. R. Huborty
Deputy I-" Newman
Recorder l> A. Patterson
Deputy L. G. Median
Treasurer Georgo A. Gritton
Assessor C. Bi Jarvls
Deputy George A. Gorilou
Survoror Wm. Brown
Supt. of Schols W. 11. GreVntaalgh
Supt. Hospital F. B. LoMoiu
Physician E. E. Endicott, M. 1).
Corner & Public Admr. . .11. E. Potter
Court Commissioner.... Goo A Gordon
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
Township 1.. . .John Strohm, Jackboti
Township 2W. Ainiok,[Chairman]louo
Township 3 A. Grillo, Volcano
Township 41). A. Frasor Butter Creek
Township 5 L. Burke, Plymouth
JUSTICES OF THE PEACE
Township No. 1 A. Goldner
Township No. 2 T. H.Gartlin
Township No. 3 A. W. Robinson
Townuhip No. 4 W. L. Koso
Township No. 5 John Blower
CONSTABLES
Township No. 1 ..A. Laverone
Township No. 2 .'. . . J. E. Kelley
Township No. 9 T. C. MeKooze
Township No. 4... T. S. Tuttlo
Township No. 5 N. E. Whoeler
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weeklvlfor the ledger.
Electric Hpniks in Cancer.— A New
lndiotmon.t.— Uooka Flonted on
Hand.— A Textile of To-morrow.—
Mummy Ailments. — Strenuous
Evolution.— Squeezing tbo Uas-
Pipes.— Surface Springs.
"Fulßuration" is the name pro
posed for the method of dealiug with
canoet that bas been worked out by
J )r. De Keating-Hurt, of Marseilles.
Lauk of rosults with X-rnyn and other
light iiidintioiiH decided him to try
high frequeucv electric currants nt
very lii«li tension, uud tbo spark rays
generated prove active in destroying
tbo tumor mass and stimulating tho
surrrouncling tissuoH to absorb the
doHtl tissuo and to form linn scars.
Quite weiik ourronts are used, with a
tension us high as !250,00U to iSOO.OUU
volts. As ruucb ot the tumor is re
moved by cutting as practicable, and
tho sparks are applied wbore niuligu
iint. tiHHiui BcouiH to bo left, the
application lasting about -1 5 miuuten.
Tho process being painful, anaes
thetics—of non-inflammable kiud—
am necessary. SSomu medical experts
who have investigated report tuat this
(outborl is a real advance, several
apparent cures of cancer having re
sultod, while undoubted pailintive
and temporary elt'ects nave been
achieved.
Tne Dedbug bas been found by two
Into investigators to bo the most dan
gerous of all blood-sucking insects in
spreading disease — or, at any rate, iv
disseminating plague. In its body the
germs live and multiply, retaining
virulence for many days, while the
bedbug itself soems to sutler no in
convenience.
i'be two concrete drydocks at Kiel
rust on a deep stratum ot duo Rand,
and it is found that,— though measur
ing outoide about (JOO by 125 by (JO
feet, witb 18 foot bottom aud walls—
they oro forced down and up witb till
ing and emptying. Tho movements are
small, though tbo bottoms bend 0.79
inch, the entire structures settling 0.2
iucb on loading.
A future industry ot much import
ance is foreseen by K. Lemaire, a
Ktoucb writer, iv the use of spun
glass. Tlib spinning of- glass- into
ttireads was known to the nucient
Egyptians, attracted some attention
when glass-making was taken up at
Venice, and by the end of the eigh
teenth century the Frouob and Uohe
miiiu glass workers were producing
threads about three yards long buying
nutliciHiit flexibility for braiding ami
making lace. Modern glass spinning
was developed by J. de Ucumfaut in
the middlo of tho last century. lie
madti Jougur, mure llcxible aud
stiongr threads, which were mado in
to embroidery and passementerie, and
hyJJuiiUH aurl lUniticl were wcivo iuto
cloth. °J hey are now made iuto aig
rettes and imitation ostrich feathers.
Do U.runfaut's art has been in large
pint lost, but nt tho present limu a
sill^-liku glass wool is formed into
tissues for the wear of the gouty aud
rheumatic, the waste being utilized
for packing steam pipes, and in Ger
many the longer libers are made iuto
a braid that serves not only for non
burning lamp-wicks, but also fur beat
and electric insulation. Cheap and
satisfactory threads for wearing can
doubtless be produced when required.
The cloth will have unique advantages
for ciotbing aud other purposes, us it
will bo iucombuHtible, a nou-Uiinduc
tor Q( heat, proof against noids, and a
jTarfoot itljulatbr agalnat electricity.
A)ipoudiciti9 is a new disease iv
naaie only, and it baa been traced
back to nucieut Kgypt by the explora
tions of Captain Jl. U. hyoua in 5/
ceuietedea of tlio Nile valley, just
souln ot tho pillurs of Kouobso. l('e
malo abdomiual organs fiom one
gravo wore so well piesorved t tint this
disease could bo recognized. Another
body showed typical lesions of gout,
both forearms of a young woman bad
boou broken aud were bandaged with
splint.- 1 , und numerous bones showing
rtiiiuiti'd fractures gave evidence (it
much surgical skill. A Luuduu mu
ecuiu will acquiiu from these graves v
valuable collection illustrating oarly
dis-casß aud accidents uud tbo trout
mout.
Tho surface of tho tiarl.li is undergo
ing Ftoaily ti'iiudforuiation, largely
through the ugeuoy of miui, but per
haps uowboro is thu plant aud animal
lite of tbo region being mure rapidly
supplanted than iv New Zealand. The
uutive Polynesian nice, urowdod by
Kniopi'uus, is beooming oxtiuot. Many
ot the imported miiiiiuls run wild, uud
multiply rapidly at the oxpeuso of the
nutivo species, tmm the streauiH boing
lllii'd with J'iuiuipLMiu uud Aiiu'iicaii
trout, wliioh giow to great elze. In
troduced p.'auts thrive quite us re
markably. New fornstu are boing cre
ated (iesiguedly beoauuo the native
trees, though yieldlug exoelleut tiui
FttTDAY. S.TCPTKMREK 11, ISJOB.
ber, grow very slowly; and alrendy
11,000,1)00 birchen, oaks, fipiuoeff,
Donglaa lira nnd euonlypta have been
planted, whilo needlinga from them
ate being continually added.
A new argument in iavor of eleotrlo
lighting la found In the reports ot the
London rrs companies. In six months
110,000,000 cuhio feet of gna was lost
and could not he accounted for, und
It seems that most of thia must bavo
disappeared through actual leakage.
Uotnpnny oUlciala sugaest; an explana
tion In the Increased weight and speed
of vehicles usltg the streets. The
added prosauro nnd especially tho In
creased vibration bring new under
ground strains nnd must undoubtedly
nltent pipes dairying gas. Berlouapoa
aible consequences nre pointed out.
Ten per cent of the gaa ia oai bon
monoxide, a powerful poison, nnd the
accumulation In a stagnant atmos
phere rimy bavo much to do with Lon
don'a hoadachos, dizzitioap, etc.
Mummer springs of woods und hill
sides Benin to be less Ideal drinking
places tbau^tnny hare been supposed.
Seemingly puro water iv found by Dr.
E.A. Martol, the l''renoh cave cxploi
er. to come through Ilssures direct
from a polluting soil without any
filtration through tho rock. Even
passage through chalk, moreover, does
not seem to filter surface drainage
thoroughly.
Good for Biliousness
"1 took two ot Uhamberlain'B
Stomach and Livor Tablets last night,
and 1 fed fifty per ceut bottei than 1
have for weeks, Bays J, J. Firestone
of Allegan, Mich. "They ore oertain
ly a tlno article for biliousness. " For
sale by Jackson Drug titore, Spagnoli,
prop. Samples free.
n It 1b to catch n Cold on tho Chest.
R To lot tlint OuM dnvnlop iuto CotiHumptloD.
If DON'T ]>O IT.
j Safeguard yourself with n bottlo of
1 Schenck's
Pulmonic Syrup
jj A modic.lno your C.randfntlior uanl. Easy
I to take, plousant to the taelo.
'Eg Contalm no opiates to make you foel good. "
fS . Sold liy all druggifiU.
W Klc. and SI .00 per llottlo.
ra Dr. J. H. Schenck & Son, tj
ffi " Philadelphia, Pa. J|
PLACE YOUR SAVINGS
Wilh us and watch them grow.
Our bank pays 4 per cent in-
terest, compounded every six
months, and your money is in
safe hands. $1.00 will start an
account. Write lo us today.
Union Safe Deposit Bank;
STOCKTON, CAL.
STOCKTOM '
CARRIAGE WORKS .
!■ Buggy Tops from $10.00 up. y
' Auto Tops from $20.01) up f
Tho best rubber tiros made, put '
H on now and old wheels. ,
i, Discount to tho trudo. \
|'| S. F. PIIELAN, Proprietor, 111I 11
'{ No* 434 K. Market street, !','
\\ J24U STOCKTON, Cal. /'
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesnle Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported und Domestic
Wines*Liquors*Cigars
JACKSON CAL.
DISTUIIIUTINO AGENTS FOB J V. MAH
tell Cokiiuc, Moot Hi Chitudun. White Sou
iktul I'i'lviili! i!uv«M> ChituiixiKiix; Moi'Kttu Hni«t
I'uerlo ill) Siintu Muriii Shcrni's: Kuyul Win.'
Coiuiiiuiy, ()|H>rlu, l'ml Wimss: Duuon Kr«r«s,
Horil«imx,Oi.iretKuiiUSautßrni)h; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Ulrikiu WulUt-r &. Suus, i-ua
ltnj, Wulkurvllle, Outurio OttßlUtttl John >Iv
Kuvpor&Zoon, Ootterdau, tlloi HllUu Kuinn-
nuil, (rout J. A, Ullku. liurliii; llitrlhloouiuy
llrewery Compuny. UouheHtur, N V,, Kniokvr-
bocker Beer: Uj^sbuad llrund of Uuluiu'sh,
Stout iuiU IliiHK' Alt) (bottled by X .id l!ru«..
l,muUm); Cautrell & Cocnruoe, llelfttsl. Ulukoi
Ale; Naglea Urumly; UeluiuortHd Amuilou'
WuUklos
GRAFTING.
A Lesßon In Horticulture With On*
Serious Omission.
My neighbor Ilrown came to the gar
den fence nnd said:
"How do you do your grafting?"
"My grnftlng?" said. I.
"Vos— grafting apple trees. I want
lo try It myself."
"Oh!" 1 exclnhned. "Yes, yes! Well,
in tbs first plnco, I begin by lying—
that Is, I lie In bed to think the whole
tiling out In every detail. I watch my
opportunity, and on the first fine dny I
steal n few hours from my business,
'ilien 1 borrow n saw— n steel one—
nnd with It 1 rob the tree upon which
I want to graft of some of Its larger
branches. This I try to do In such a
way tlint the loss of tho branches will
not bo noticed. These limbs should
not bo left lying— Hint Is, lying on tho
ground. They are unsightly nnd may
nttract the attention of passersby.
They should bo hustled behind the lat
ticework screen nt once. So far so
good. Now, let mo see— oh, yes! I
fob another tree of n few twigs hav
ing buds on them niul insert them In
the ends of tho snwed branches on tho
treo. Then I tnko some beeswax nnd
tallow and melt them together. This
must be thoroughly mixed. Work it
for nil you're worth to make It pliable.
Finally with this I try to bide nil ap
pearance of the graft, from sur«!lght
and air. and thefa you nro— the Job Is
ilotie."
"I rco," snid Brown, "and I think
I'm foxy enough to do the trick the
first time trying. Many thanks."
Shortly after I heard IJrown telling
his wife how I explained the process.
This Is the wiiy he bad It:
"First," hu says, "you must be a
Rood liar: then you watch your chance
and steal it hnlf day from the com
pany's time; then you steal a saw;
then you defraud the tree of some
branches, which you must bide, so no
body will get on; then you rob some
body's tree of twigs, put them hi the
ends of the branches aud cover your
tracks with beeswax and tallow."
Said Brown's wife: "I don't think
that man can be trusted. He has two
kinds of grafting mixed, and, besides,
he didn't tell you where to steal the
apple trees."— Judge.
A LACING.
The Recult of Little Edwin's Ques
tions and Comments.
"Say, maw!"
"Well, what?"
"How do they get holes in lace?"
"Why. they make tho lace round the
holes, my son." ,
"But it ain't lace without it's got
holes, is it, maw?"
"Xo, Edwin."
"Well, how do they got the holes In
the laco they put rouud the holes to
make tho lace, then?"
"Child, you will yet drive me to dis
traction."
"Where do they get the holes, maw?"
"Why, tho holes aro just air."
"Oh. they're air boles?"
"I suppose so."
"Well, there's nlr boles In paw's hat.
Does that make it v laco hat?"
"Xo, no, no!"
"A Swiss cheese bas boles in it. Does
that make it a .Swiss lace?"
"Hold j-our fool tongue! Do you
hear?"
"Didn't you say all laco bad holes,
maw?"
"Yes."
"Well, I've got shoo laces, but they
ain't got no holes in 'em."
"Leave the room and permit me to
finish 'Lady Lingerie's Lost Lover; or,
How Lord Lumbago Was Lured Away
by a Lissom Little Lallapalaza of a
Lacemaker.' "
"Maw, kiu you make lace?"
"Xo, Edwin; that Is not one of my
accomplishments."
"I didn't think you. could, maw. Mrs.
Knockenberger paid you was so fat lac
ing wouldn't do you any good."
But "maw" wasn't too fat to give Ed
win a lacing that did. him some good.—
Chicago Journal.
The Mouso Trap.
"Tho child is father to the man,"
said an Inventor. "For instance, there
was a minor's sou who Invented, at the
ago of seventeen, an automatic mouse
trap, a trap tlr.it used the recoil from
ono mouse's capture lo set itself for
another mouse. This trap worked well,
caught eleven mice at tbo first go off
and soon rid tho miller's mill of its
mice myriads. Well, sir, the boy in
ventor of that mouso trap used the
trap's recoil principle for his greatest
Invention, the Maxim gun, for it is
Sir Hinun Maxim I'm talking about,
aud ir you go to tne Maine village of
Saugorvlllo they'll show you there one
of the automatic rapid tiring mouse
traps that presaged tho famous Maxim
gun."
Fort Sumter of tho Revolution.
At tbo mouth of tho Plscotoqun. riv
er, throe rallen below tne historic town
of Portsmouth N. ll.* nestleu the ouly
sou const fort iv the United States
which includes within its couttues a
combination of nil tho styles of for
tlflcatlou from tho colonial stone re
doubt to tho present barbette battery
of concrete faced with earth. More
over. Fort Constitution, as it is named,
was tlio Port Snmter of tho Revolu
tion.—Army and Navy IMe.
There Aro Others.
"Somo women are foolish. That
convicted thug gets lots of flowers
from women, I s'pose?"
"Yes." answered the warden. "But
the lady murderer on the next tier has
had forty-seven offers of marrlago to
dat<?."-St. Louis Republic.
See that your children bo taught
not only the labors of thd earth, but
tbo loveliness of it.— John Iluskln.
KSTAHLISHKD 18.55.
THE
AMADOR LEDGER
Published in the Center of the Richest
Mother Lode Gold Belt.
Printed every Friday Afternoon.
ft
R. Wkhij, Editor and Proprietor. M. F. CALKlNS, "Business Manager
T3ae Oldest
ILvdlost InflTjLentisil
Hivdlost "\7v r id.el3r OlrcuQa/ted.,
-A-ra.d 0n.13r -A-U-Hoaao-e ZPrlnt
Paper published in Amador County.
The Best Advertising Medium
Republican is politics
But the slave of no party
And the foe of all political and Official Cliques and Rings
Free and Independent in the discussion of aj' matters pertaining to
to the Local Government
Fearless in the ventillation and exposure of Official Wrong Doiny
The Paper for the Family
For the Farmeri
For the Miner
For the Merchant and Business Man
For the Taxpayers and Citizens Generally
TwolDollars per year
If paid strictly in advance; otherwise $2.50 will be charged.
OUR CLUBBING RATES:
Ledger and Dally Call, one year. B 000 Lector and Weekly Chicago In-
Let' gor and Weekly Call ono year 3 20
Lodg-er and Cosmopolitan Maga-
Le&ger and Daily Chronicle, ono IUO onu year 2 75
i' eal> 9 00 Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
Lee per r.od Weekly Chronicle, year, including free pattern -21otl
ono year 3 CO Ledger and Pandex of tho Press 2 7*
Ledger and Daily Examiner lyear 9 00) Lodger and Pictorial Review. ... 2 sft
Our Jot Printing Department
Is tho most Complete to be found hit the mountains.
Up-to-date presses, Simplex Typesetting Machine, Folder, Perforating
Machine, Numbering and Punching Machines.
Wo buy our paper stock from Manufacturers at Bottom prices.
Billheads, Letter Heads, Statements."
Pamphlets, Posters, Dodgers,
Checks, Receipts, Tajjs,
Business and Visiting Cards,
Programs, Etc.
All kinds of Loyal Blanks, Briefs and Transcripts printed promptly and
neatly. In short, we cun do anything la tho printing line
OTJIS PRICES axe ZEeTCKSO:
We Can an Do Compete with City Prices.
If you liavo anything in the printing line, don't send it away but pat
ionize homo industry
78
LOCAL EDITORIAL COLUMN.
AMADOR'S GOLD OUTPUT.
According to the report just issued by the United States
geological survey showing the output of California in geld
and silver for the year 1907, the five most productive coun
ties rank as follows: ' Butte $2,795,807, Nevada $2,179,588,
Amador $2,129,697, Yuba $1,772,957, Shasta $1,162,208,
Calaveras $1,152,395. The value of Atnador's output was
virtually exclusively in gold, the silver production amount
iug to only $13,515. In some respects Amador as a gold
producer occupies the most satisfactory position of the entire
group of mining counties. Butte, which heads the list in
gold value, depends mainly upon dredge mining, which will
undoubtedly decrease in a few years. Nevada county has
held the lead over Amador for many years, and may perhaps
continue to do so for several years to come, but the quartz
veins have not been proven of that permanence in depth and
size as the mother lode mines of this section. Our neighbor
Calaveras shows a heavy falling off in its gold yield, largely
due to the decline in the output of the Gwiu, which only a
few years back outclassed every other mine in the county as
a dividend payer. Amador has been among the steadiest pro
ducers of the yellow metal, Occasionally a mine has dropped
out of the producing list, but some other mine has usually
turned up to make good the loss. The prospect at present
for the maintenance of the figures of last year is bright.
Indeed the developments of several prominent mines give
promise that next year's output will eclipse all records in
quartz mining in Amador county.
THAT LOWERED TAX RATE.
Our democratic organ, whose guiding star is one of the
city trustees, specially directs the attention of the Ledger to
the fact that at the meeting of the board of tiustees held last
week the tax levy for city purposes was fixed at 65 "cents on
the $ 100,1 00, a reduction of five cents as compared with last
year. This is held up as a clean-cut reduction in the amount
that the people will be called upon to contribute for the city
government, with the inference that the trustees are entitled
to credit for such management. We cannot endorse this
view from a full consideration of all the facts. Only the week,
before the Dispatch stated that more money was needed for
city purposes, and this was the sole reason for the proposed
increase of liquor licenses from $15 to $45 per quarter. It
was purely a question of revenue, not of regulation. With
such a measure pending and undetermined, it is Jpremature
to start in to brag about cutting down taxes. Let us see how
the matter figures up from present indications. A reduction
of 5c in the property tax rate, with an assessment of $600,000
will effect a saving of $300 to the property holders. On the
other hand, an increase of $30 per quarter in the liquor li
censes, with thirty license payers of this class, means an in
creased revenue of $3,600 per year. That is the situation as
it stands. A $300 cut is made in one direction, but to offset
this a boost of $12 for every dollar so curtailed is proposed in
another direction. We cannot dignify such methods by the
name of economy. The same tactics carried still further
might eliminate the direct property tax altogether, but it
would not necessarily mean lessening the expenses of
government. The mere shifting of the burden is not a re
moval of the burden. Our cotemporary should reserve the
crowing until something definite has been accomplished.
Again we urge upon every republican to get registered.
Registration closes September 23d. You cannot vote unless
your name is on the printed great register. You cannot get
on the printed register unless you make application to the
county clerk or one of his deputies on or before the above
mentioned date. Don't put off this important duty any
longer.
BLOCKADED
Every Household in Jackson Should
Know How to Resist It.
The back aches because tho kidneys
are blockaded.
Help tbo kidneys with their work.
The buck will ucbe no more.
Lots ot proof that Doau's Kidney
Pills do this.
Mrs Jane Young, living on Jienham
street, Placerville, Cal., says: "1
was all doubled up with rheuaiatisai
which had troubled me tor a long
time. My kidneys were out of order
and 1 am confident that the rbeuinu-
tiara was uue to theii fuiluro iv
eliminating the uric acid trom my
system. My joiutu wore sUlf aud
sore aud upon arising iv tho morning
1 would be so lame that 1 could hard-
ly Btoop or bend, if 1 made a auddon
movement, 1 would be rewarded with
a crick iv the back. 1 tried a num-
ber of remedies but nothing gave me
relief until Doan's Kidney Pills were
brought to my attention. They prov-
ed to be all that 1 required aud iv a
short time every symptom ot the
trouble was banished. lam pleased
to recommend Dohu'h Kidney PUls
to others aud hope they will give
them a trial."
Pleuty more proof like tbla fiom
Jackson poople. Call at the City
Pbciriuaoy and ask what customers re-
poit.
For sale by ull dealers. Prioo 50
{■Hits. Koster-Mllburu Co., Utirfuio,
New York, sole ogeuts tor the United
titateH. Kemeniljur the namo-Doaun'
— and takeu uu utber
in the mine I
1 on Tit fam, In l>» woodi or !';
d in lb« workihnp, tltousindi of i
I . mrkcrj «vcr»«h«r« well I
I Levi Strauss Sc Go's \
I Copper Hive ted Overalls |
£ lha noil ikpcnrfiiSle V"** %*Zfa i
i (*mont In l>i« "orld *""A'(^(-MljP3tfTS" 1 " ?
P for workim r»a \3&x4»^ilw \
t re^— ~t»lll«.Ul.ll.M,im— , r — IJIK-.T—.,- I
Dissolution of Copartnership.
Notice is hereby giveu that the co-
partnership heretofore existing be-
tween .MllJ vi 11 Kord aud W. Yolo, iv
the blacksmith aud wagon making
tui.sini'sH iv Jackßou, under tho linn
uame of l<'ord aud Volo. baa thin duy
Leon diuaolvod by mutual consent.
All parties indebted to suid firm
will pleuHU pay their bills at onco to
M. Ford, who will tinuuine all liabili-
ties ot Kuid linn, and who will here-
after carry on the butiiueus solely, in
tiis own imiiK!.
MKLVIN FOKD.
W. YOLO.
Jackson, August 20, 1903.
AMADOU LEDGER, JACKSON, CAL.
A WRECK ON THE ROAD
What a Collision Means to the
Man at the Throttle.
PLIGHT OF THE ENGINEER.
The Chances He Has to Take and Hi*
Fate Qhould He Qccome Crippled In
a Smashup — There Are Borne Things
Worse Than Physical Pain.
"1 just dropped In to tell you that
the coroner's jury has exonerated you
from nil blame for the wreck. They
are going to hold the block tower
mnn."
The old engineer turned his pain
drawn face toward mo. A white cap
ped nurse gently brushed back the
wild hairs from his forehead.
"Thnnk you, miss," ho snld, "and you.
too, sir, for tho good news. I know
they couldn't blame it on mo. because
It was white at Mentor. Poor Denny,
he'd tell you so, too, If ho was alive.
'All white!" Jio shouted when we came
round the curve, and I gave him the
answer, 'All white! 1 and pulled her
wide open. Then we struck the emp
ties on the siding, and— well, you know
the rest." He wiped a trembling hand
across his eyes as if trying to blot out
some horrible vision.
Ills eyes bi«gan to sparkle, and a bit
of color flushed into his pale cheeks.
"I suppose you follows think I opened
her up and went into those boxes just
for fun." A smile flitted over his lips,
and then he grew serious. "Say. did it
ever come to your mind that an en
gineer might be as anxious nbout his
own life as he is about the lives of
those who are riding behind him? My
wife and little one— don't you suppose
my life counts for something with
them?
"Did you ever stop to think what a
collision like that at Mentor means to
the engineer? Just try to figure your
self in his place. He rides in four
square feet of cab room, surrounded
by a mass of levers, rods and the like.
Ahead of him is about three miles of
boiler pipe, Carrying 200 pounds of
steam pressure and enough hot water
to cook the meat off his bones in a
jiffy. Clattering at his back Is C.OOO
gallons of water and 20,000 pounds of
coal. Under him is 200,000 pounds
of engine, and behind there Is
000,000 pounds of train. Altogether he
Is running along ahead of 800,000
pounds of steel, hardwood and brass
held to an eighty pound rail by three
quarters of an inch of wheel flange.
"Why, when one of those big Rus
sian battleships fired a broadside at
the Japanese the whole thing
amounted only to 24,000 pounds, so the
papers say. And that 24,000 pounds
traveling eight miles a minute would
strike a Japanese ship eight miles
away with an Impact only one-tenth
of the force we hit the empties at
Mentor.
"Of course I was the engineer and
they depended on me. There is al
ways a lot of fine talk about engineers
having the lives of several hundred
passengers In their hands. That's all
very true, but you don't want to over
look tho fact that the engineer's life
Is right there along with the others.
We all take chances, the train crew
as well as the passengers, only our
chances are slimmer, I had one
chance iv 000 of being killed, or one in
twenty-five of getting right where 1
am now, but a passenger on the train
hnd one chance In about 3,000,000 of
being killed and one in 130.000 of
being hurt.
"I see that n lot of people were Ullleil
and a whole lot more hurt. I don't
want to bo n grumbler, but it appears
to me that you fellows have kinder
overlooked the fact that both of my
legs are gone. Of course that might
not mean much to you, but If you
realized, as I do, that for tho rest of
my life it Is going to bo my job to
hobble out into the middle of some
country road and wave a white flag as
every train goes by— if you could real
ize what that means to an engineer
to hear the mocking toot of the whis
tle as she comes up to the crossing and
to sei> the sympathetic salute of tho
engineer and fireman as they go flying
D y_l tell you, my boy, there are some
things worse than physical pnln."
Ills eyes filled with tears. Tho nurse
gently wiped them away and softly
stroked back the hair.
"I wouldn't talk any more now," she
said.
"All right, miss," he replied, putting
out his hand to me. "I always obey
orders."— B. R. Wluslow in New York
Tribune.
A Free Translation.
"And you say tho idiot of a teacher
told you that you had an extravagant
fool of a father?"
"That's what he meant."
"But what did he say?"
"He said it was criminal folly to
waste money on the education of such
a chump aa I am."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
Nothing Left.
"Have you," asked the judge of n
recently convicted man, "anything to
offer the court before sentence Is
passed?"
"No, your honor," replied tho pris
oner; "my lawyer took my last far
tnlng/'-London Tit-Bits.
The Last Word.
Conductor— This here transfer expired
an hour ajjo, lady. The Lady (digging
In her purse snappishly)— No wonder
with not n BliiK'e ventilator open In the
whole ear!— I'uck.
If you would relish you? food, labor
for it.— Danish Proverb.
SEMI-ANNUAL REPORT
Public Administrator of Amador County;
To the Honorable J{. C. Huat, Judge ot the Superior Court of Amndor
county, California:
The undersigned, the Public Administrator of Amador county, pursuant
to the provisions of Section 17.1U of the Code of Civil Procedure of tho
State of California, hereby makes to the Superior Court of Amador county,
under oath,, a return of nil the estatea of decedents which have ooma Into his
bands since said last return, the value of each ontate according to tno In-
ventory and Apprralsement thereof, the money whlob has como into his
hands, trom every such estate and what ho has done with it, and the amount
of his fees incurred in encb estate and the balance, if any, in each finch
estato remifliung in bis bands.
11. E POTTER.
? &> j? fcgaff I &
§ |i & gs§; g 1
I !r ffli :
S : • : : siq . a :
c* • O • ' gC CO
K.B. O'Neill, - 9m 815401 BSls4 'bl None SIC i 75 Settled
D. Martinetti, - - 100 100 100 " 7 '*
I). Skoro - 76 75 7G 75 76 "35 " 5 35 "
Pedy liuzolich - - 72 50 72 50 72 50 "5 "
liiiigi Nana - 40 50 4(150 40 50 " 8 26 ••
•James P. Drew - 8150 8150 8150 " 5 70 "
V. Mazzettl - - - 05 65 (J5 " 4 25 "
O. Zauzucci - - 809 43 809 438 85 H7O l r . s<i (!0 Unsettled
Mary Tfaomseii - - 1)50 OT> 84105 844 00 None 59 lb Settled
Joseph Mauley No appraisement G2 25 1105 50 00 Unsettled
O. Zanetti ... yj) ya U9 02 1150 88 42 "
John Vosa - No appraisement 55 40 G 40 40 "
Nick Sky 68 32 85 17 <i 79 17 "
John Urazkoviou - 118 76 118 7(5 (! 112 76 "
Mary MuHon, - - 1310 00 305 00 101 GO 143 40 . "-
Arm N. Tieleaae, No appraisement, Nothing reed Nothing paid Unsettled!
State of California ss.
County of Amador,
11. I'J. Potter, the Public Administrator of Amador county, aftor being;
duly sworn, depuseu and says:
1 was during all the times mentioned Jin the foregoing statemeut the
duly elected, qualiUed and acting public adumiistfntor of Amador county;,
be ve read the foregoing return made on this day by me to the Superior
Court of Amador county, and know the contents thereof, and say upon my
oath, that the same is true to the beat of my knowledge, information and
belief. . .
Subscribed and sworn to before me 11. K. I'OTTKK.
tins 24tb day of August, 1908.
(Seal) • M. L. SMITH,
Notary Public iv and for Amador county, California. ang2B Grr
W, ROSS
|fashionable^ailor|
Finest Stock of Woolens and
Fabrics ever brought to Jackson
First-class Workmanship Guaranteed.
- ■ N. ='
Mr Ross has also, at ureat expense, learned the business of
Cleaning, Pressing and Dyeing, and is prepared for cleaning
of Suits, Silks, Satins, etc. Hats cleaned and blocked by
most improved method, not commonly ueed by Tailors.
Open on or about Saturday, August Bth.
MAIN STREET, JACKSON.
In building formerly occupied by Max Ladar.
IfGIINOCCHIO BRO'S.|
YfSx DEALERS IN y/Zl
I General Merchandise I
gsj ®© Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoos,
®^ Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining H
m }\ Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay,
Grain, etc., etc.
M Corner Main and Water St. gg
1 JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA fe
i DAILY STAGE LINE \
• BETWEEN •
• JACKSON and EL DORADO •
o J. Stelner, Proprietor. •
2 Lettves Jackson every morning nt 7:30 J
o a.m.: arrives at Plymouth 10:30 a. m. v
• Leaves l'lymouth at Ip. m.; urrlves at •
2 Xl Dorado sp. m. 9
• Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a. m . ; arrives J
m at Plymouth 11 a. m. Leaves I'lymouth •
0 at 3p. m. ; arrives in Juclihoq ut 5 p. in. •
£ OFrrcKS— JackHon.Natloual Hotel; Sut- 5
** ter Creek, Amerlcun iOxdmuKu: Amu- c
• dor City, Amudor Hotel; Dry town, Ex- 9
• chuiiK»!i I'lyu.outli, KuniKt House. m
0 Prompt delivery of packaues. •
• This line conaeoU with paHsenger JJ
• trains to aud from Pluuervllle. ~
2 THROUGH FARE • • • • «280 *
0 Fifty pounds of baggage free. •
Notice for Publication. .
Serial No. 0100. ;
Departmeut of the Interior,
U.S. Laud Otiice at Saoramento, Calif. ,
August 4, 1908.
Notice is boreby given that (Jeorge
S. Kule. of Volcano, Amador county,
Culiforuia, who on, August 20th, 190 a,
made homestead entry, Wo. \579, tor
NJ£ of Sl!% aud S»-» ot NK'4 of Sec-
tlou 24, Township 7N., Mange 11 X.,
Mt. Diablo Meridian, has Hind uotioe
of intention to make iiual iivo yoar
proof, to establish claim to the lurid
above described, before the U. .S.
Commissioner, at Jackson, Cullforniu,
ou the Mth day of Soptember, 1908.
Claimant names as witnesses:
O. M. Henry, \Y. Lessloy, C. P.
Jordau. of Volcano, California; War-
imi Hamilton, of Kutter Crenk.
JOHN F. AKMHTKONUi
Kugititur.
Beam th« j9 ltl9 * M lla ™ Ata V s BOii^ftf
CALL
FOR
REPUBLICAN
COUNTY CONVENTION.
'lhe iopiiMii-HM county central com-
mittee of Amiidor cinunty In meeting
Rsaembled on thia 21th day of August,
1908, at Jackson. Oal., hereby ndopt
the following call for n rephufican
county oonvoution to bo held on (be
10th day of Heptember, JIOOB, at 10
o'clock a. m., nt the city of Jackson,
ArtiHdor county, California, lhat
the sßld convention shall be held for
the purpose of nominating ancb
county nud township otllcera as are to
be votod for at the general election
to be held in the stato of California,
on Tuesday, JNovember .'sd, 1908, to
select a new county contral committee
and to transnet eucb other business
as miiy properly come before the con-
vention.
That the said convention shall con-
sist of 85 delegates and all of said
delegates shall be elected at a prim-
nry election. That the date of said
primary election shall be fixed by the
respective coinntitteemcn of each
township; provided that said primary
election shall not be bold later than
That the members of the county
centnl committee in the differeu
townships of the county are empower-
ed, if they co dealre, to hold diatnet
conventions for tho purpose of
nominating their candidates in their
respective districts at any time prior
to the date of the said county con-
vention, Sept. 10, ISJOB.
That the polls for the said primary
election shall be open between the
hours of C p. m. and a p. in.
'That the test to be required of
every person seeking to vote a re-
publican ballot at said primary elec-
tion shall be as follows: A present
bona fide intention of supporting the
'nominees ot the republican party at
!the next ensuing election.
That the following number of dele-
gates be elected in each of the pre-
cincts of the county.
Township No. I—3o delegates. .
North Jackaon '/
South Jackson C
East Jackson 5-
West Jackson 5
Center Jackson &
! Clinton 3
Township No. 2— 1G delegates.
North lone 6
' South lone 7
: JStionu Vista 1
LanchaPlaua '£
Township No. 3-11 delegates.
Voloano 3
Pine Grove 3 •
Oleta 4
Antelope 1
Township No. 4—lß delegates.
Kast Sutter G
West Sutter 3
South Sutter 5
North Amador 2
South Amador 2
Township Noi, s—lo delegates.
North Ply month 3
South Plymouth 3
Drtyown 3
Forest Home 1
That the location of the polling
places and names of the primary
election officers shall be selected by
r-.be respective committeemen of each
township.
Rep. County Central Com.
A. M. GALL, secretary.
L. OETTING»R 8. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutter Creek. Cal.
BUILDERS OP WATER* WHEELS OP
latest and most approved patterns, and
ull kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
or mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
aud complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
1-on, gas pipe, gas llttlngs, etc, which we will
sell at the LOWEST OASH PRICES.
Special Small Ads.
Ailvertisemnnts under this head, not exceed-
ing 5 lines, will be Inserted at SUo per month, or
5 cents per line tor less than one month.
ALL kinds of Ulunks tor U> S. Land Filings—
Homoutead, Timber and Mineral blanks—
muy be hud ut the Ledger office; also deeds
mortgages, mining locutions, proof of labor; '•
and other legal blUDks kept for sale.
iNliiiiiiK Kigiml.s mi cloth, required
to tin posted in all mines, for sale at
the Ledger ottloe.
Fur Sale— Lot of benches, formerly
used in Webb nail; 0 and 8 feet long;
euitnble for show plaae,cnurohes, eto. .
Will be sold cheap; apply ut Ledger
olllce.
Acknowledgment blanks for nota-
ries, specially printed for Amador
county, may be had at the Ledger
ortlce. Price 500 per puuket ot 00.
Furnished Kooma to let: inquire at
Ledger offioe.
Copies ot the license ordinance ut
tho City of Jackson in pamphlet form
may be had at the Ledger otiice; price
150. each.
for Kent— Two front rooms in tho
Webb hall building, puituble for
(illii'i'.s. Apply at Ledger ol'Ji-o. ■
■ \ ■
For Sale.
Urooerv liuaiuess, coutrully located
in the city of Htockton. Kstubliahed
tl ye years ago. Willjaell ou Invoice.
l''ivo years leuse of property.
Inquire ot T. I. HONNJOV & CO.,
Keal Kututu & Insurance.
No. 2ti H. Uuliforuiu at., Htocktou