OLDEST PAPER
LARGEST CIRCULATION
It Piiyi the BtHinen Man to Ariver
tite in the Ledger.
Established October 27, 1855.
LAWYERS.
•VtTM. O. 9JJYI»KIt,
Attoriipy-at-LBw,
JACKSON, CAL.
Office in Marolia Hutldlnß, Court strcnt.
Will practice In all the courtsof the state, fc
-
DOCTORS.
TTI "K. KNIHOOTT, M, I>.
l'hynlrlim mill SnrKeon
Jackson, Cal.
 ... .
office: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times,
r-XB.L,. K. PHILLIPS
"^"^ fliynlrliui and Surgeon
JACKSON. CAL.
X-Kay uiod in Practice.
Oirncu-Moved to next door to Roatdenoo,
north Main street, opposite California
Telephone No. 401.
-pyK. A. M. GALL
IMiynlclan antl Surgeon .
Jackson, Cal
Office In Marelia building. Main Street.
CH. UlltllONS M. 1).
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office and residence: Well building.
Office Hooßs:-Bto4 p. m. and whenever
not otherwise ensagoa. Telephone MainiiO.
-r> S. GOODMAN M. O.
PhyNlclan and Surgeon
Sutter Creek, Cal.
• DENTISTS.
J. D. FOGARTY !•• MARTIN
yvRS. FOOABV & MAKTIN,
(Successors to Dr. C. A. Horrick)
DentlfttH,
JACKSON, CAL.
Offices in Kay Building, Main street.
Hours 9to 5. " Telephone Black 363
; " —
T-vK. JOHN A*. DELUCCHI
DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office Hotms :— From 8 a. m. to 5 p. m.
T£ ICIIARD WEBB
United States Commissioner
JACKSON CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other tilings;
taking of final proofs and all other Land
Business.
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
=
College of Notre Pame
MARYS VILLE, CALIFORNIA..
Hoarding and Day School conducted by the Sis-
ters of Notro Dame (NamurJ. Founded in 1556
Tho curiculum embraces &v . the branches of
a solid English eJuoatlon. Preparatory and
advancod courses in art. language and music.
For further Information addresf
aplO-tf SISTER SUPERIOR.
The A. Van derNailen School
Of Civil, Electrical Mining Engineering, etc.
KSTAULISHKD 18(11.
Saved Apparatus, Instruments, etc. Open in
all liranches.
Great demand tor ex-studonts in all lines.
Now students should enroll at once.
Address, 5100 Telegraph Avenue,
OAKLAND. CAL. uiyis
ASSAYING. 50 Cts.
Pioneer Assaying & Refining Co
(Capital tIOO.OOO Est. S7 years.)
Gold, Huso Bullion, Cyunideß, Kich Ore, etu.
bought. Spot cash on assay valu-s. All work
by experts.
131 sth St., ur. U.S. MINT. .
murJ'.P tf Nan rruucUco, Cnl.
L. OETTINOER 8. N. KKIOIIT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutter Creek, Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest aud most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipu. Kvory denorlption
of wining and uillllug machinery mitdu at the
Hiini-iivst. notice. We dusiru to cull Hm uttentloa
of tihti-lcmlllis und other workers in trim to tho
fact that we keep constantly on bund a large
•i. m| coniplrti- .-.lock nf bar, rutinod ami Norway
I -im, gus pipe, teas tlttings. ut«., which wu will
■ell at tho LOWEST OASU PIUCKB.
Amador Ledger.
JACKSON. AMADOU COUNTY. CALIFORNIA. J<MHI)AY. FHimUAKY 7, liJUS.
A Bad Fire.
Wednesday night about ten o'clock
the Summit house at Sutler hill
caught lire and was completely de
stroyed. Tho wind at tho timo was
blowing from the oast, so the build
ing across tho road, about sixty or
seventy feet nway, also took flro aud
were destroyed. As a result of this,
three families wero burned out, loos
ing practically everything they had,
while the hot.nl and furnishings were
total lossos. The lire started in the
kitchen aud spread rapidly to the
rest of the house, having a good start
when it was noticed.
All the buildings burned being the
hotel, a two elory building, a blaok
smith shop, and another building,
the property of G. B. Viclnl, while
the furniture belonged to C. Kussi,
to whom it was deeded in October
by August JJoiello, at which time
the former agreed to take over a debt
of 8500, to secure which the furniture
was mortgaged to Bertin & Leporl
Inc. of Sau Francisco. This mortgage
has not been paid.
Further developments show that
Kussi left here a short time ago,
forfeiting hia contract with Borello,
who lett, supposedly tor San Fran
cisco, last Monday, liiu brother,
Marco Borello, name up the first |of
the week and started to ship the wines
and liquors in the hotel to the city.
The only thing saved from the hotel
was the slot machine, while in the
dwellings across the street, all the
furniture was saved. Borello was
placed under arrest yesterday after
noon by sheriff Gregory, aud brought
to Jackson pending further develop
ments. The hotel property was in
sured.for 82500 in the London, Liver
pool, and Globe, for which the Bank
of Amador County .is the agent,
while the buildings across the street
are not insured. Total loss is in the
neighborhood of 810,000.
Three Games Basketball
£ At lone three games of basketball
have been arranged for Washington's
birthday. .. Ouo between the girls
team and a team from Sauta Clara
high school, another will be between
the boys aud the Souora high school
team. In the morning at 10:30, n
game will be played by the freshmen
of the louo high and Sutter Creek
grammar school. Tho girls' gunie will
take place at 1 :30 and the boys' game
will immediately follow. The I. & X
will give rates of one tare from Jack
sou, Sutter Creek und Amador, the
trains leaving on the regular schedule,
so that uuyouo from here may
see all the games und got buck to
town the same ovening. Admission
to the morning will be free, while 35
cents will be charged to both games
iv the afternoon,
"Doan's Ointment oured me nf
oczbjj.iu that bad annoyed mo a long
time, The cure was permaueut, "—
Bon, w. W. Mattbews, comaiiesiouer
labor statistics, Augusta, Ma.
Money in Treasury.
By official coutit made February 3,
the amount aud kind of money in the
county treasury was as follows:
Uold • - - ... 510100,00
Silver ... . 8615.21
Checks and bills • • 19845.02
Currenoy • , - - - 1275.00
Warrants uncanceled - 10369.50
Deposit in bank • - 15000.00
Total • 877201.77
Criminal Returns.
Sanuafaro Curio and John Burska
haled before Judge A. W. Robinson
on the charge of trespass, brought by
Uomouico Giannini. Parties failed
to appear ou day ot trial so case was
dismissed.
Hospital Report.
Admitted.— Put MoGuiri, a native
of Ireland, 84 years old, niilt'oriinr
from la grippe.
J !•' King, TeuuesHoo, 71, tumor.
Wm. Liphm, Indiana, 73, tumor.
TII tirowti, England, 50, iudiges
tion. ...
j' Aogieloui, Italy, 51, broken leg.
I Joe Sheets, Virginia, 80, general
debility.
N. R. Moon. Illinois, 08, injury.
Jos Logan, New York, 55, la grippe.
Discharged.— G. Todd, M. lluruburt,
Kovier Ehler, T. 11. llrown, all of
tlnuii having beeu relieved. This
hmvi'H 43remaiuiug in the hoHpital.
Card of Thanks.
Wo desire to express our hearttelt
thuuks to our friends and neighbors
for their ustiißtuuce und cumtorting
worda of sympathy extended to us iv
the time of bill bereuvemeut.
Mrs. J. liornooich
am I Family.
Board of Supervisors.
The bonnl of Huporvisora met Mon
day, nil the members lieltitf presont.
Tlio following claims were allowed
und ordered puirl :
C X i'nrker, expiossnge - 9 7 80
U S Gregory, brd. of prinouorf* 31 (X)
T S Tnttle, convoying prisoners 10 50
Ul' Vlcinl, truvollug oxp. • 375
Jj J Ulaviuovlcb, supplies - 115
U 8 Gregory, 1 ivory • • 500
II Ji Spn^noli, drugs • '• 75
W 11 tireeuhalgb.vißitiug schools 1G 00
I*2 Oardiuolll, lubor - - 1 50
1 Orlandi et al, blue jay Inanity - 1 10
PnclHo Jel. & Tel. Co., phones - !i5 10
D llartigan.removingdead animal 5 00
Amador Ledger, printing i ■ 900
Vela & Plcoardo, supplies •' : 15 40
F W Parker, watobman • 10 00
Wm Going, janitor - - 70 00
D A Patterson, statistics • 9 70
W M Atnick, mileage - ti 40
D A Fraser, " - . 80
John atrobm, " - - 3 40
A Grillo, " 2 40
L Burke, " -' ■ . 240
lieo A Gordon, dep. assessor - 135 00
.Lewis Lamb, labor - • 75 00
T Clifton, coyote bouuty - 3U 00
Mrs C Kichtmyer, water - 6 00
Juckson Uas L. Co., gas - 10 25
Amador Dispatch, printing - 260 35
C E Jarvis, freight - '■' - - 55
Fred Rabb, jail rent - - 500
X C MoKenzie, supplies - b 50
Bill of Amador Ledger for $10
allowed for $3.
Hospital Eniiti—
B Ginocohio & bro., clothing $ 18 45
bl Ginoochid & Bro., groceries 141 66
E Ginocchio & Bro., allowances 12 00
Mrs C Langhoret, supplies - - 40 50
X X Kudicott, county physician 60 00
G Oneto, vegetables - - 5 00
iMrs C Kichtmyer, water - 7 00
PaoiHo Tel. & Tel. Co., phones • 1 95
PLCassinelli, fruit - - 15 30
Mrs J Turner, nursing - 14 50
Amador Co. Plan Mills,grave brds 6 00
Mrs F B Lemoin, matron - 30 00
Mrs M A Tregloan, cook - 30 (!0
i*' B Lemoin, superintendent - 60 00
Jackson Gas L. Co., gas • 16 50
Green tfc Katto, conveyance' - 300
•Thomas & Mattley, meat - 55 20
Spagnoli Drug Co., drugs - 9 25
X Grillo, conveyance - - 6 00
Wm Schroder, digging graves - 11 OU
J E Walton, nonveyance - 5 00
Alouzo Votaw, " - - 6 00
Koad District No. 1. — M Drisnoll,
labor, $13, Thos Lemiu 6, John Lemn
10, John Kader '20. Paul Russia 8,
U Masse 30, A Cometto 15, <J Dufreue
14; L Cuueo 1.50, D Banero 15, A
Masse 24, Jos JJastian 8.
Koad District No. 2. — Draper &
NicholH, labor 86.85. W 11 Langford
269.50, G J Yager 1.60.
Koad District No. 3.— James Toop,
labor !?GB, Jess Bonneau 17, X Luttrell
25, S B Honsen 4, W W Stewart 7,
Ueo Smith 2, 11 Shroeder, supplies
U. 45, L Casslnelli & Bro. o, Jack
Sbealor labor 8, D Gianuiui 5, G Ji
Uih«io 4i, FronK Xhompgou 4, Uoo
Schroder 97, Grillo Hros., supplies G.
Koad District No. 4.— H Cook, labor
5520, LA White 10, Louis* Jan 9, Elmer
Tanner 25.20, J A Phipps 4, C X
Richards, supplies 3 30, Amador co.
Pluu Co. 6.75, G M VVaechter labor
195, C Soracco 24, Wm Gundry 20,
Wm Guudry 30, X D Botto 48.37, Al
X Tucker .80, jNick Bernardis et al
125.25, P L Willey 6, Jos Priami 5,
Morris &. riiolio, oil 3, Brignole Instate
Co.. wheelbarrow 3, L L Cuueo, sup
plies 22.05, John Richards labor 8.
Koad District No. 5. — D llartigau,
labor 20, Walter Ball 2, X Giannini
32. 11 nud R White 18, G W Felker,
hlaoksmithing 55.10, B JLevaggi, sup
plies 43.90, Millard Harrell et al,
labor 8.75, C Freeman 12, Geo Upton
17, Wm fiuukett jr. 11, Thos Iborap-
Hon 4, B Littlotleld 4, Geo Roberts 5.
Salary Kund.— John Strohm. \V M
Ainiok, A. Urillo, D A Kraeer, and
L Burke $25 ouch as road commissi
oners.
Uridgo Fund— VSUarbarini, snpt.
ot construction 8503; Mervy El well
Co, bridge work 283.80; V S Gar
barinl, bridge work 475; Mervy El
well Co., bridge work 51.43; Mervy
Ul<voll Co., bridge work 5903.50, L
li Cook, lumber etc., 23.70.
Cioueral roud fund.— (Jeo Vein,
labor 82; j O'Neill & Podesta, livery
hire 23.50; D Murphy, labor 15, J H
Walter, livery hire 5, II Meek, labor
8, 1) Drlsuoll 0, Knit'Ht Goodiug 158,
O'Neill & Podestu. livery hire 4; J M
Pursou, labur 8; L Burke, Wiucouoiii
Bar grade 02i.60; Bolluomiiii & Co,
labor 30, Steve Feirura 13, C < Jiies-
Ijiiclc 15, Sam Aviso 21, riiim I'lioar 8,
Wtl Vela 8, P I'lusse 21, 11 Joy, 8,
Joe Druudell 2t, X Vela 8.
Jn t fin mutter ot uppjloatlou for a
t<aloou lioenee iv louo by J. W.
Sntherlaud. KimiotiHt ramies weru
i.i'iuii from the ttutl-ialooD league
BBeoolatlOU. A. Cuiuluetti uiipeuriug
f forthem. .1. Newman and I). McUall,
J Jbs .1. ( ;hi (.enter and (ieorga Kills ap-
p peared In behalf of tho petitioners,
w while Alex Davis, Joseph Vlbsohiix
n nppeHred in hebull Of the remon-
e etrnnoea. Amendments to ordinance
p passed last January limiting the
n number of saloons In the enmity to
e eighty nine was Introduced. U. B.
G Gregory testified that at the time the
o ordlnnuce was passed there were lour
s saloons iii lone. The application was
d denied, (Jrlllo, Htrohm and Amlck
v voting no. Fraser and Hurke voting
f for Its issuance.
P Petition of F. E. Hlakeley to have
t the boundaries changed so that he
c could be in Pino Grove school dis
ttrict instead of Volcano district was
g granted.
C Criminal returns of A. W. Robin-
s son, hospital and treasurer's reports
a approved.
K Kond poll tax ordinance for 1908 of
9 2 passed unanimously.
P Petition of V. Boro et al for liquor
l license Id Amador City granted.
L Liquor license of A mini Artene re-
v voked on account ot retiring from
b business.
P Petition of O. F. Fesser to retail
l liquor at buena Vista laid over until
n next meeting.
P Petition of bert Jones t for ietail
l liquor license at Kerr's station grant-
e ed.
| Mrs K. Leach granted 820 a month
f for aid of four half orphans.
M Mrs 10. Campbell granted Su a
m month as aid for one half orphan.
M Mr Nelps of Kanlett granted a
m monthly allowance of 810.
. . Communication from W. F. Detert
o of;th« Zeila Mining Co. accompanied
b by a check for 8186 received and
a accepted, being a return of the
a amount received for material taken
f fiom the Zeila dump for filling ap-
p proaches to the south fork bridge.
I Assessor was instructed to purchase
m metal case for his otlloe.
a a Communication from Mrs Martin
r read.
K Kequest of £. E. Kurlieott for an
O Operating room and the necessary
e equipments granted.
- lJffuble assessment of lilakely
f for year 1907 ordered cancelled.
A Auditor was ordered to apportion
8 8000 to various road funds.
T The new bridge across the (Jon-
s sumnes river was accepted by un
iiinimous vote of the board.
T The new bridge across south fork of
J Jackson creek near the Zeilu mine
j unanimously accepted.
C Clerk was instructed to prepare a
l list ot all record hooks used liy the
, various oliicos and have at the ue\t
j meeting, at winch lime printing rates
f for the year 1908 will he established.
V . IS. (Jarbarini was granted au
1 extension of 150 clays to construct
b bridge near Aukum.
A Auditor ordered to transfer 8100
t troui general rflad fund to road dis
ttrict No. 3.
T The following warrants were can-
c colled :
S School fund - - - 82855.00
C Current expense - - 1148.00
H Hospital .... 966.07
S Salary ... - - J551.C5
K Koad district No. 1 - - 301.30
" " " 2 - - 201.00
" " "3 - - 120.00
4 - - 49.15
" " " •") - - 197.00
G General tund - - • 1050.00
B Bridge - ... 6730.00
L Law library ... 9.50
U Uneida special building fund 18250.00
O Oueida library - - - 297.15
1 urn, Union High school ■ 1.00
X .stray - - - . - - 7.50
T Total 510.3U7.51
High School Paper.
The students of louo high school
huvo finally decided to continue the
publication ot their paper, the Nug
get as a weekly, us it was during the
hit tor part of last term. Through
muny misuuderstaudiugß and not a
littlo clans feeling, a number of weeks
were misled. A couple of weeks ago
an election was held by the students, ot
the school ut which it was decided to
uuutiuuo tin* paper. But the pupils
had lost iuterest, so uothiua was
dove. Miss Gordon was elected
editor, while Carl 188808 aud Hurry
1 It'll' reu were elected to uct as inana
ers. Another meeting of the stud
ent body wus called by the teachers
last week, at .vhicli it was decided
thut the teachers should . have com
plete churgo of the purjer, and that
the woik should bo competitive, that
is the pupils would be given credits
for the work done. M'ish Uordon was
appointed editor, while Whitney Rust
and Harry llullieii were appointed
mituugers.
Ledtfor und ChlcaifO Widely Intel 1 *
Ocean, both |>v pero for ouo year 92.00
In udvuiii'ii
I and strictly prohibits
1 Sod^TlWe
I So does Germany J
tjj The sale or alum foods ||
I has been made illegal in Washington and the District of Colum- ||
H bia, and alum baking powders are everywhere recognized as ||
■ injurious. j q protect yourself against alum, I
■ when ordering baking powder, ||
I Sap plainly— I
y and be very sure you get Royal. I
H Royal is the only Baking Powder made from Royal Grape I
■ Cream of Tartar. It adds to the digestibility and whole- B
B someness of the food. I
MINING NOTES.
Zeilii.— This mine is running full
blast all forty stamps of the mill be
ing in steady operation. The mill
crushes over 150 tone per day, or be
tween three and tour tons to the
stamp. The yield in free gold con
tinues to be small. The greatest
value is in the sulpburets which yield
about three tons per day, of a value
of about $80 per ton. Some years
ago the sulphurett) averaged" much
higher per ton tnan of late years.
Notwithstanding all street talk to the
contrary, the Zoila inino is not, aud
never has been, much of a bonanza to
the stockholders. It is a big help to
the town of Jackson, employing con
siderably over 100 men ou an average.
The sulphurets continue to bo sent to
Selby reduction works for treatment.
It is found that the difference,
although slight, is in favor of shipp
ing them outside, no it is not likely
that, the uhlorination plant connected
with the mine will bo started up.
Defender.— The mill of this mine
has beon idle for the past two
weeks. A portion of the machiueiy
has been shipped to San Francisco to
be changed. As it was formerly only
five stamps ot the mill could be
operated, owing to some defects iv
tliti cams. To remedy this the parts
have been sent below, and are expect
ed up some time next week, after
which the full 10 stamps can be kept
in operation. The ledge at the 200
level is reported to be 12 feet wide in
places. There is ample ore to kept
the mill going to its full capacity.
The parties interested are more con
fident than cver'that they have a good
property. Eastern capitalists have
taken hold, aud placed the mine on
a good working basis.
Kennedy.— They have finished cutt
ing the station at the 3150 level— the
lowest level in this wonderful mine,
and drifting to cut the ledge was
commenced the middle of this week.
It will probably take several weeks
before the ledge is enoouutered. The
oro body shows well, both iu'size and
values on the level above at 3000, and
there is no reason to believe other
thau thut it will be equally as good
in level now iv process of being
opened. Everything is moving ulonc
iv good shape both ut the iniuo and
mil).
Impure bood ruus you down— makes
you an easy victim for organic tlis
eaees. Burdock Blood Bitters purities
the blood— cures the causo— builds
you up.
Unclaimed Letters.
Jim Bordoli, Fremili Uuneo, Wm.
N. Gritlith, Murutii Ernesto, A. C.
Mai tin, Coney Murphy, Toue Hpreuio.
Real Estate Wanted.
Wunted.— Would like to licnir at
ouce from owner huviut! BOOd medium
Hi/.it farm or kuiull inivincss fur uule
in any good proeperouv locality.
Pluhuo give pitoa und deaorlpttou and
reasou for Bellinu. Stutu whon
pouesilou chu be had. No agents
Deed reply , Address Luck Drawer
Übl, Uoobestor, N. V.
You can got your Hillhoad.s,
Loiter Honcls, etc.* printed :it
the Ledger for less than you
can buy blank stock for else-
Five Cents Per Copy.
Hotel Arrivals
National.— Thursday. F D Teller,
W t s Reed. KA Hamaban, N Green
berg, A Z Cohen; San Francisco; Jim
Scapicino, Volcano.
Friday— Percy Kenyon, M A Frana
wortb, Jos B Katto, N C Finley, San
Francisco; R H Van Horn, lone; b'
A Reichert, Sacramento.
Saturday— C B Wurtiu, L J Rattßera,
A J Uartwright, San Francisco.
Sunday— W J Rogers, Sacramento;
C A McMaban, San Jose; John
Bryan, AH Crane, San Francisco; X
Raggio, Augels.
Monday— R M Blair, L J-J Akias,
Stockton; II B Shannon, JM \V Amick,
lone; H M Lynn, Sacramento; A M
Folsoru, T ti Hutchiugs, San Fran
cisco.
Tuesday— ll F Ellis. Sonora; H
Sihenuert, J (J hoyd, Sacramento;
Mrs J M Cofi'tnau, Stockton ; HL.
Woodhouse, Berkeley; \V A Jones,
San Fraucicso.
Wednesday— W II Willis, (Jeo W
Brown, J J .McDonald, Sen Frauciaco;
Ezia Taylor, Plymuutb.
Globe.— Thursday. F A Merrill,
lone; Elviu Shealor, Archie Newell
Oleta; Tim llauley, I'iue Grove; Cbas
Dwyer, Tuolumne.
Friday— Peter 1 Jonas and wife,
Voclauo; James Toman, Sutter Creek.
Saturday— M P Werry, M Gallag
her, 11 R Regs, Electro; Samuel
Kemp, Stockton.
Sunday— George II Rinehart, Pino
Grove; Arthur Seelsey, Nevada City.
Monday- F E Bakeley, C Brad
shaw, Piue Grove; D McCall, A X
Davis, J H Vieusseux, lone; A Grillo,
Volcano; F B Joyce, Defender; Aug
Cerruti, Sau Fruncisoo;Gilbert Cook,
Plaoerville; Wm Al Luughliu, Ama :
dor.
Tuesday- James Cullovin, Nevada.
City: T Blair, Stockton; Henry Biad
ly, Sacrumeuto.
Wednesday— L Luttrell, Frank
Walker, I'iue Grove; J E llarker,
Chioo.
Church Notes.
()u Suuddy February 9th, sorivce*
will be beld at the Methodist Epis
copal church us tullows: The pastor
will preach iv the morning at U
o'clock on "Christian lite and con
duct, our duty toward man;" tit 7:30
o'clock on "Active religious princi
ples." Sunday school at 2p. in. and
prayer meeting Thursday evening at
7:30 p. iv. All are cordially invited.
Episcopal—
Jaoksou— Every Ist aud 3id Suuday
at 10:30 a. m., nud every 2d aud Ith
Suuduy tit 7:30.
Sutter Creek— Every 2d and 4th
Sunday tit 11 v. m., and every Ist anrt
3d Suuduy at p. m.
Do not torget, that the regular time
for services is 7:3>J p, m, next Sunday
eveuiug.
Card of Thanks.
We dusirtt to leader our elnoerb
ihiinkH to all kind irleiulu wbo reucter
ed aid and gympathy during the last
sii-ii in-'-s aud funeral cerumoniea of
our beloved buvbaud and fatberj
I'atriok Uwyer,
Wr« Pwjer and fuunly.AMADDR LEDBER
Published every Friday Afternoon
I, H 1 1, Mil • W I .HI! ..,... l-.illtor
M. P. CALKINS ...,.,......,....*.. Business Manager
SUBSCRIPTION RATES:
One year (In advance r M to
Oce year (It not in advance) '.2 KJ
Six months 1(0
Three months '. 0 no
Legal advertising— per gquateof aUems-NHrst Insertion II 00
r- nh.annunt Insertions— pc .• s<iuarc-each „, . * ~ . 60
RN?F.REU AT Tllß POSTOrFICK AT JACKSON AS SECOND-CLASS MATTER. •
THT^ PAPPR lq *<ept «n Hl* »t K. C. DAICR'9 Advnrtlsinß Agency. 7711 Market Btrcot
1 lll«J 1 txk l_l\ gIUIg IUI Kranoisco, California, whoro contracts for advertising can bo made
for it
CITY OFFICIAL PAPER.
FRIDAY FEBRUARY 7. IHOB
ANOTHER STAW FOR TAXPAYERS.
While the taxpayers of Amador county are fully .aware
that the demands for the support of the local government
have been increasing by leaps and bounds for many years
past, few are aware of the devious ways adopted to accomplish
that end. Every reader of the Ledger knows that the sums
paid out monthly, as shown by the proceedings of the board
of supervisors, are greatly in excess of the expenses of a few
years back. Salaries of appointive officers have been jumped
up at various times, without any reason being given therefor
and without any official record appearing upon the minutes
authorizing such increase of pay. As an illustration of this
tendency we will cite the court-house janitor. From the
list of claims allowed against the current expense fund from
month to month, it will be seen that this official is now, and
has been for some time, drawing a salary, as janitor only, of
$70 per month. This is not the sum total of the compensa
tion of that individual by any means. We notice that the
city trustees recently allowed $5 also, presumably for janitor
services at the court house on account cf the renting of the
supervisors' room for the trustees' meetings. Upon inquiry
we are told that the city allows him $10 per year for building
fires and attending to the room hired from the county for the
meetings. The county charges $5 per month for the use of
the room, including lights and wood. The city then turns
round and pays for janitorship one-sixth the total cost of rent,
light and fuel. This is a sample of how costs are gradually
piled up on the people.
But we are digressing from the subject in hand. We have
taken the trouble to trace back through the minutes of the
board of supervisors the history of the. court house janitor
ship, and the salary attaching thereto, during the past twen
ty-five years. It affords an interesting study. All through
the upward drift of the salary schedule there is manifest at
the same time a design to do the trick as quietly as possible,
without attracting public attention. There has never been # a
brass band attachment thereto — no resolution of intent to
boost the schedule at each successive step. It is a debateable
point whether the salary of any appointive county official can
be either raised or lowered without a motion to that effect be
ing introduced and carried in open session, and duly recorded
in^the minutes. Minute books are kept to inform the public
of financial changes affecting the taxpayers, and a poll of the
supervisors should be recorded, showing those voting for or
against the proposition.
But to return to the scanty record. In April, 18S3, Joseph
Quirolo was the court-house janitor, the salary beiug $30 per
month. It continued thus until November, ISB6, at which
date the janitor's bill for $40 was allowed. In March, 1893,
Quirolo resigned, having decided to return to his native land
— Italy. Several applications were put in for the vacancy,
showing that even at the small compensation at that time at
tached to the office, there was no dearth of persons anxious
for the job. The present incumbent was then appointed, the
salary remaining the same. It was at that time that the hall
of records was completed, adding materially to the work of
janitor, Still no question of extra pay was raised on that ac
count. Over six years weut by, and in December, 1899/ the
next jump to $50 per month occurred. In 1900 it was lifted
to $60 per month. In January, 1907, by the same gentle
process of merely passing a bigger bill, it was again increasec
to $70 per month, where it now stands, and will remain until
figure jugglery is again in order. From this it appears that
in this one item of expense alone the cost to the taxpayers
has increased 133^ per cent in less than 21 years.
District attorney Langdon will not coudescencl tb reply to
the statements of Ruef and others in regard to the graft
cases. He very sensibly says he will try his cases in the
courts. Pity he did not form that excellent resolve at the
outset. As a matter of fact, both he and his assistant Heney
havo been trying their cases through the press and from the
platform from San Francisco to New York, resorting to all
sorts of questionable methods to shape public opiniou to suit
their notions. It is a lawyer's business to preseut his case
before an unprejudiced and impartial jury, but the tactics of
Heney et al have been directed toward creatiug a hostile sen
timent beforehand against the accused so that a fair and im
partial trial could not be had.
AMADOU JJ3DGJSTIt JACKSOK, CALIFORNIA,
The Kind You Havo Always Bought, and whir.li lias been
In use for over 30 years, lias borno tho signature of
s* ' — and has been mado under his pcr-
/^\ J £>£4^7**^ ZVZ V son °l supervision sinco its infancy.
\4utC7% /■ctfcJUAi Allow no one to deceive you in this.
All Counterfeits, Imitations and" Just-as-good "aro but
Experiments that trifle with and endanger tho health of
Infants and Children— Kxpcricnco against Experiment*
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotio
Ktibstance. Its ago is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Fcverishncss. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Toothing Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates tho Food, regulates tho
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
Tho Chlldren»B Panacea— Tho Mother's Friend.
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
sj Bears tho Signature of
The Kind You Han Always Bought
In Use For Over 3O Years.
THC ciHTauii «OMMMtT, Tr itumiAT stout, new YOUR err».
* o
"
I I
1 Comfortable Winter Travel between California 1
| Personally conducted Excursion Parties every
I week to New Orleans, Kansas City, Chicago, St.
| Louis, Cincinnati and Washington.
| Your choice of either rail or Southern Pacific's
| New Orleans-New York luxurious steamer line
I between New Orleans and New York. p
I Drawing-room, Parlor, Dining and Sleeping m
I Cars through to New Orleans without charge. fe|
g SOUTHERN PACIFIC. ||
ieiNoccHio :bro's.|
-^~v~n.^- .^^ DEALERS IN -^ \j&
| $l General /Vlerchandise|
Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes,
M j|j|g Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining
m Jf\ Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, m
Grain, etc., etc. m
j%@
Corner Main and Water St. M
1 JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA 15
&y (^
#♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦»♦#♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦»♦♦♦»♦♦»»•»♦♦♦»»♦♦♦♦»»♦•♦»#»••
; FINE ASSORTMENT OF TEA AND COFFEE j
| ; CENTRAL GROCERY HOUSE |
: : O.E. Olver & Wm, J. Nettle, jr., Proprietors.™ i
\ | Fresh Groceries, Fruits, Vegetables.
\ \ Fresh Fish every Thursday and Friday*
j ; North Main Street Jackson, Cal.
<«••• ♦•♦♦♦^♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»MO»»0»«»»»
COOLED THE ADMIRAL
An Answer For Which tho High Official
Was Unprepared.
Golnff Into n port where the wntcr
was very deep— ltlo Janeiro, I believe—
relates Cnptaln A. T. Mnhnn, the chain
cables "got awny," as the expression
is, control wns lost, and shackle after
shackle toro out of the hawse holen,
leaping nuil thumping, rattling and:
roaring. The admiral wns on deck nt
tha moment, nud when tho chain had
been at last stopped nnd 'secured ho
snld to the cnptnln: "A If rod, send for
tho young man In chnrgo of those
chains and give him n good setting
down. Arlc him what lio means by
letting such things hnppen." The of
ficer was sent for, and soon his ques
tioning blue oyes appeared over the
hatch coaming. Alfred was a mild
person and clearly did not like his Job.
He could not have come up to- tho ad'
mirel's standard. Tho latter saw it
and Intervened! "Perhaps you had bet
ter leave It to me. I'll settle him;"
Fixing ills eyes on the offender, he
said sternly: "What do you moan' by
this, sir? Why In blazes did' you. not
stop that chain?" The culprit, looking
quietly nt him, replied simply; "How
in blazes could IV" This was a* shift
of wind for which the admiral: was
unprepared. He was tnken flat back;
After a moment's hesitation he- turned'
to the captain and said meokly, yet
with evident consciousness of a check*
mate: "That's true, Alfred. How the'
blazes could he?"
OBSERVANCE OF EASTER.
Discrepancy In Computing the. Date
Not Corrected Until 1752.
The observance of Easter- dates- back,
to about the year GB, nt which- time
there was much contention: among the
eastern and western churches as to
what day the festival should be ob
served. It was finally ordained at the
council of Nice In the year 325 that It
must be observed throughout the Chris
tian world on the same- day. This-de
cision settled that Easter should be
kept upon the Sunday first after the
fourteenth day of the first Jewish
month, but .no general conclusion, was
arrived at as to the cycle- by which,
the festival was to be regulated,, and
some churches adopted one ruie- and'
some another. This diversity oC usage
•was put an end to, nnd' the Roman
rule making Kaster the first Sunday
after the fourteenth day of the calen
dar moon was established in England
in CCO. After nine centuries a dis
crepancy in the keeping of Enster- was
caused by the authorities of the Eng-
lish church declining to adopt tile- ref
ormation of the Gregorian; calendar in
1552. The difference was settled in
1752 by the adoption of the- rule which,
makes Easter day always the- first
Sunday after the full moon which ap
pears on or next after the- twenty-flrst
day of March. If the- full moon hap
pens upon a Sunday,. Easter ia the
Sunday after.
Queer Names.
"We Chinese," said the- Vacvr stmlent.
"give our children queer names. Our
girls, for instance;, are- not called; Ma
bel, Jenny or Matilda, but Cloudy
Moon, Celestial Hai piness, Spring
Peach or Casket of Perfumes.
"Our boys get less ddtefens names.
Boys are made for work and wisdom
rather than for dancing' and pleasure,
and their names show this, as Prac
tical Industry, Amcestral Knowledge,
Complete Virtue* Ancestral Piety, Dis
creet Valor.
"To our- staves we give still another
set of names. Yes, those- dear, pathetic
little slaves of ours, some girls, some
boys, who. do a hundred various little
tasks about the house, these lowly
creatures have names like Not For
Me, Jay to Serve, Your Happiness and
Humble Devotion." — Cincinnati En
quirer.
Sitting on a High Hat.
"If I were to offer to wager that I
could stt squarely on my silk hat with
out crushing it, you would take me up,
I suppose," said a clubman to a fellow
member. "Well, you -would lose," he
continued. "A good silk hat should
support the weight of a man say 140
pounds without yielding, providing the
weight Is applied gradually and care
fully. The waf to do it is to place the
hat on a smooth, strongly supported
surface, crown downward, and lay a
board across the rim. In the hollow.
On this seat yourself steadily and slow
ly, and yon will find the hat does not
yield. ■ Of course, a hat that has once
been bent or broken will not do. Nor
Is the rule invariable. It applies only
to good hats. Have I ever tried It?
Yes, I have, but not on my own hat."—
' Philadelphia Ileeord.
Eating Onions.
Persons with dropsical tendencies
should eat onions frequently. This
simpio euro has proved effective In
many cases. In ono Instance the pa
tient had lieeu given up by several
physicians and only tried the onions
to please a friend. She was complete
ly restored to health and, though that
was 11 vo years ago, has never bad a
return of the trouble, She ate the on
ions just as she would an apple, tak
ing v great many during the day.—
Exchange.
Whore He Gets Hi* Orders.
"My friend Jinks Buys ho can't catch
up with Ills orders."
"Is ho a manufacturer?"
"Oh, no; just a married man with
five grown daughters."— Louisville Co»
rler-Journal.
Th» Feminine.
The Wlfo-Kawy. John, they ore of
ting out v wouiuii'h dictionary! I wou>
tor If It's auy different from the »t»
•rs. The Husband— l'rolmhly has mm*
words In it.— London Opinion.
W. B. HULLIPS,
(Snocesnof toWllllam Beoq.e)
UNDERTAKER & 'EMBALMER
PLYMOUTH,] CAL,
CiillH promptly nltendfld today or night.
Free uso of parlor for funcralu,
A (Inn and complete mock of Collins, cloth
aiiil pln»h covered Caftketß, ccmsl imily on hund
at reunoanble prices. feStf
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOU CO., CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
*■.■■.;< ''•■ — — —
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Tableau ppllod with best In market.
Terms reasonable, jnet
' ♦»♦« ♦♦,
i iiIODC nOICI i
i **» ;
j ' NEW MANAGEMENT. '
MRS» ANNIE HUHST....Prop'r J
Board and Lodging ;
] AT REASONABLE RATES. ; |
i Sample Rooms for Commer- ' !
i clal Travelers. j !
• Alt Stages stop at this hotel '
• : ;
: jackson cal. :
( myfl [
» »•••♦•» »«»?
I NEW 1
National * Hotel
Jackson, Amador county, Cal.
F. A.. VOORHEIS, Proprietor
Stage Office fo* all Points j
JLlghted byelectricitythroughout I
• 'Jommodious Sample Rooms for |
Commercial Travelers. aulBl
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAIN
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hand a full line of Harness
• and Hardess Fixtures, Saddles,
Bridles and Robes. Buggies
an;. Carriage lops made
to order.
Also has on hand a line of
that well known and thor-
oughly tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies.
I ! I £UI iIH
FIFTEEN SCHOOLS.
3500 STUDENTS.
The best Schools of Business, Short-
land, Normal Training and Engineer-
ae on the Coast.
Write now, and we'll send you our
llustrated College journul ''Heald's"
'or one year free.
Heald's Business Colloga,
425 McAllister St.,
San Francisco, Cal. i
INEUHAUS&CO.. Tailors
IVORLD-BEATKRB in *■£> Suits and Over
' ' coats mude to order: style, tit, trimming
uul workmiiONhlp Kuuruoteed. Call uud ex
tmliiMour t^UHiiltH ami overcouts, or write fo
luuipleH. so tliitt you muy si-m tliut these suit
ma overcoivtM are sold eUewliere for i-ih uu
NEUHAUS & CO.. TAILORS,
103 5m lAIB Ellin ittreet. Sun Kruiiulsno.
•E. iVIARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domeßtio
Wines*Liquors*Cigar
JACKSON CAL.
/
DIBTRIHUTINO AOENTS FOR J. P. MA
tell Coguuo, Moet * Ctmudon. Wblte So;
tud I'rlvnte Cuvee ChumpuKne ; Morguo Hroi
Puerto de Suotu Muriu Bhurrlea: Royul Wl
"uiiipuuy, Oporto, I'ort VVliiuh; Dulmih Fnin
Kurilnuux. < "iiirius und Huulornos ; CA N ADI A
3LUB WHISKY, lllram Wulker i Sons, Lli
ted, WalUurvlllM. Ontario, Cunuda: Joba
iCuvpur & /ikju, Cotterdum, :ilu; Qllka Kue
iiul, from J. A, Gllka. llorlio; llanlilooiu
Irewery Couipuiiy, Rooheitter, N. V,, Kuicki
>oeker Beer; Dogsbead Urand of UuTonet
■Hum und HuH(t' Ale (bottled by Read llro
LoudoD): CaDtrell & Cochrune, UelfaHt, Gluti
Mb; KagU« liraody; Kelmoorted Auierlc
A'ltlsklea.Amador County
Descriptive Article
Amador county comprises an area of
648 squaro miles. It lies on tho wes
tern slopo of Sierra Nevada mountains,
nnd (unbraces within its territory nil
tho diversity of valley, foothill, and
liifrh inotint.mnoiiH liiihlb.
Climate. — Tho climate of tho popu
lous portions of tho county Is as genial
and healthful nscan bo found anywhere
in California. As cllmato is one of tho
most valuable assets of this favored
state In attracting population, Ama.lor
stands second to no county in this re
gard. It should* and no doubt will in
time, when its climatic advantages are
moro thoroughly understood and ap
preciated, become 11 health resort not
only for thoso in Ics9 favored slates,
but for tho residents of othor parts of
California. Tho temperature alone tho
central portion rarely falls below 30
degreoß above zero In winter, and 113
rarely rises to 100 degrees in tho sum
mer. Snow seldom falls in tho sottk-d
districts, and never remains on tho
ground for moro than a few hours. Of
course, In the high mountain regions
of eastern Amador the snowfall Is very
heavy — which is characteristic of tho
entire Sierra Nevada range. Tho sum
mer season is al way accompanied with
cool nights; permitting of sound, re
freshing slumber. Fogs are rare, cy
clones aro unknown, thunderstorms are
infrequent.
Gold Mining;. — The county, although
rich in othor sources of wealth, com
paratively untouched, is notod prin
cipally for her quartz mines. The
deepest gold mines in America uro lo
cated hero. Tho Kennedy mlno Is now
taking gold in liboral quantities from
quartz extracted from a depth of over
2000 foe.t bolow tho surface, with every
indication that tbo pay-ore extonds to
a much greater depth. Since the dis
covery of gold, tho county has contrib-;
utod' fully $100,000000 to the world's
supply of the precious metal. The
mines are still yielding at the rate of
about two million dollars annually.
Nearly all of this wealth is produced by
eight or ten mines operating on what
is called the "mother lode," stretching
clear across the county in a north-east
erly direction a distance of twenty
miles. Tho mines aggrogato between
400 and 500 stamps, and furnish em
ployment for over 1000 miners. This
industry is still in Us infancy. The
unexplored territory, evon along 1 tho
main gold belt, Is far In excoss of tho
ground that has actually been worked
r or prospected. The county offers to
day one of tho most inviting Holds to
be found anywhere in tho world for tho
j investment of capital In tho fascinating
business of pold mining, not alone along
the mother lode, but also in tho uhnost
untouched mineralized country of tho
east belt, some ton or twelve miles from
tho main lode.
Besides gold, we have copper, do
posits of pottery, coul, ;m!irbe, slate,
limestone, granite, and soap3tono or
talc — all undeveloped.
Agricultural Capabilities. — Tho agri
cultural possibilities equal, if not excel,
the mineral riches. Tho valley lands
will produce anything that can be
grown in the most favored sections.
In the foothill lands all kinds of decid
uous fruits thrive: also all kinds of
vegetable, are raised where Irrigation
is practicable along the numerous water
courses. Further up io tho mountains,
at an altitude of 2000 to 2500 feet, tho
boll la .admirably adapted, for apples
and potatoes. A coady market for
many times the quantity now raised of
thoso commodities can bo found (In the
various mining towns.
Grape culture and wlnomaking are
becoming important industries, both
the grapes and wine commanding 1 a
better price than .the product of tho
lowland.
Land Is cheap compared with other
California lands. Improved farms may
be secured for one-fourth tho price
current in some places. Unimproved
lands can bo hud from $5 to 810 per
acre. It docs not require a fortune to
buy a small ranch. Thero is room for
a largo addition to our ugrlculural pop
ulation. Vast tracts now devoted to
cattle rungrus might bo made the homes
of hundreds of prosperous farmers.
Amador hus a populaslon of less than
12000. Three fourths of this is concen
trated in a strip of three miles above
and below the mineral belt.
Jackson, tho county seat, liti9 about
2500 inhabitants, and isan incorporated
city of tho sixth class. Other towns
lire Butter. Creek, Amador City, Dry
towu, I'lymouth, Volcunu, I'ine* Grove
and Oluta. lono City is tho meil'Opollii
of tho valley section, v thriving town
of 1000 Inhabitants.
The community is luw-abldine. Edu
cational facilities are excellent. -A
Bchoolhouso is within easy roach of
Dearly every family. Thoro is onu high
school, located at lono.
TheuHsessment roll for li) 07 !«s">.
80(1,7!).'!, and tho tax rate for both stato
and county purposes $2 011 the $100.
The Southern l'ucilio has v brunch
railroad running to lone. From this
point tho 101101 0110 and Intern railroad <«:<•
lends 14 miles further to tho mining
suction.
The various religious denominations
ittid fraternal organizations aru well
represented.
Tho power plant of the Standard
Electric Co — one of the larguit In the
world— lslocuted four mllotj from Juolc
»ou. 1 , . ■/
Unhappy Democrats.
Editor Koweil of thn Kresuo He
publican thus pays hia respects to I. ho
"With wlint strange fntuity tho
rlfttiioorntln party nlwnya does thn
wrong tiling nt tho wrong time I JL'hnt
inny lie tlio sooret ot its evoliitlnnnry
elimination. The process of evolu
tion in conditioned l>y tho survival of
the fittest and tho extermination of
tho unfit. And lltiiosa consists in
ndiiptiiliilily In environment. A furry
animiil which pniHisl.n in Hiiedrllug its
coat in winter ami clothing itself
heßvily in sumoior, will soon conao to
survive. A tiger I lint develops oow
nrdloe or n rabbit Unit develops <u>ur-
Rgo will soon bo exterminated. Vet
all these things, under reversed,condi
tion?, lead to BUCCOSB. Ho with
parties and political movements.
Survival Is ns much a matter of time
liness as ot right. Thoro In right In
both radicalism nnd conservatism.
In fact, human progress depends on
the Interplay of both. lint, even
aside from questions of economic
soundness, and of tho particular qual
ity of radicalism or conservatism
manifested in a party, thoro is much
in the capacity Hhmvn by the party to
meet the conditions of a timo at the
time, and not afterwards or before.
. "This has been tho failure of the
democratic party. Omitting tor this
time, historical examples, ot which
there aru many, consider only the
last campaign and the preseut. Four
years ago, thero was no possible ex
cuse for any but .a radical policy.
Within the narrow products of dem
ocratic caucuses, tho pendulum had
swung to the conservative end, but
everywhere else it was at the extreme
radical point. The great refurms ot
presidout Roosevelt were just getting
under way and the reaction against
the methods by which they were ac
complished had not yet begun. While
no man could have defeated Kouse
velt, a progressive candidates could
have divided the vote, and left a re
spectable remnant of bis party with
which to begin the next campaign.
But the democratic pulitioians fatu
ously chose the opposite oourse, and
committed themselves co a conser
vatism that was ut least untimely,
and so, for tho purpose of that
campaign, wrong. Wow. however,
tho time has como when there is a
genuine conservative reaction. The
radicals are in the majority, still,
and a reactionary candidate of the
Kuox or Parker style, could not win
on either ticket. Jint at least a con
servative, ot tho liberal sort, could
divert a very large element to the
democratic side and restoro the party
to a position of respectable minority.
I'Jveu Hearst seoa this, .and has bo
come a cousorvative of tho conser
vatives. Only the democratic leaders,
shut in their own cell, fail to see it.
iJeuause thoir pendulum waa conser
vative, luijt timo, it ahaJl bo radical
this time, aurj bryau is to bo the
ciiudidate. Uf course, it' the republi
cans woro to choose a reactionist, that
would pay. Hut with the republicans
choosing a man like Taft, a radical
in politics and a conservative in
methodo, tho only pussible hope of
the democrats is in just the course by
which they courted certain tailure
last time, Jit would not be a hope of
success, then. Hut between a modern
defeat that would rehabilitate -ithb
party, aud a total lout, which will
wreck it, the democratic leaders show
a blind genius for choosiug the latter
"dumehow, the domocratic party
always niunugos to get wrong, even
wbon it is right. It is distrust of its
leadership, as a historic blunderer,
quite an much as disagreement with
its policies, that keeps the American
people so litmly dotormiued not to
put it in power."
Ledger & Chicago Inter-Ocean, $2.50
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the snj? Z/S/?-*-^
Signature of (-^O^yy. /'&&J£t/K
Needed Strength.
"llavo fcocn iinuiy fuutastio and.
humorous ndvertisomHiiis in news
papers during my somewhat lengthy
cmeir," on:o enlil Col. Henry
Watteraou, in an address to a 0011
voutiou ot journalists, according to
ilurn.er'B Weekly, "but quite the most
interesting and oddest of these was an
ad. thut I chaiiced upon in Loudou.
It was printed In the staid old Times,
anil as 1 remember it, ran something
like thin:
"A young gentleman who is on the
point of felling man ied is most de
sirous ot meeting a man ot experience
who will take the responsibility of
(lirtsumliiitf him from thia dangerous
step."
Keoeipt books, location blanks, doeds
mortgages, promissory notes, etc,
for sale; also uiiuing signals ou
ulntb, graduation diplomas, ut the
Ledger olfce.
FRIDAY, FEimtUlfY  H)<)8.
The Perfume Business.
Nearly all of the pm'tttmos used in
tho world Is exported from Orasse,
Italy, near Nice. Tho tiiliib of the
product is about a million nnd a half
a .roar, in the Burrouuding country,
in the valley.'! nnd along the mountain
sides, Hrfl 60, 0U(J acres of flower bods.
Kvery spot n flower can lie made to
grow is under cultivation, aud thn
plnnts me carefully attnnriod, and
irrigated. Tho voiy atmosphere of
tho place curries an can de colcgno
odor, as tho factories aro constantly
distilling the petals ot the bitter
orange blossoms from which this por
liiiiiii is made. Many kinds of tlowers
aro used in season, but tho orange
blossoms aro always available. Men,
women nud children work iv the
flower hnrvost, not an unpleasant
occupation, though tho pay is small.
The process of manufacturing tho per
fumes is much the same for all eovo
thoso made of rose or orange petnlt.
(Jim shoetf, held by frames n I'ow
inches apart, aro smeared with lnrd,
nud between these sheets the freshly
picked blossoms are scattered, touch-
Ing tho frames, but not being pressed
by them. In one day tho oil of tho
flower exudes and the lard absorba
tho drops. Tho flowors aro changed
many times borore the grease is fully
saturated, tho number of changes de
pending upon tho amount of oil the
flower contains. When the lard has
absorbed as much oil as possible from
tho flowers, it is molted and dissolved
iv purified alcohol. When this mix
ture is filtered tho concentrated ex
tract may be redissolved in spirits,
diluted, or mixed with other oils,
according to the strength or quality
desired. Attar of roses and neroly,
tho base of eau de oologne, are made
by a ditferont method. The petals of
orange blossoms or roses are thrown
into a large kettle of warm, melted
lard. Tho petals remain a day or less
in this bath. The wilted petals are
then removed and fresh ones added
until tho desired strength is attained.
Twenty thousand pounds of rose pet
als are required to make one pound
of attar of roses, valued at $200.'..'.: A
thousand pounds of the petals of
the bitter orange are required to
make a pound of neroly, worth S2O.
I'ertumers in Paris and London, and
other cities place their own label on
the extracts exported from (Jrasse.—
Atcnison I! lobe.
State of Ohio, City of Toledo.
Lucas County.
Frank J. Cheney makes oath that heis
senior partner of the firm of F, J.
Cheney & Co: doing- business in the city
of Toledo, county and state aforesaid',
and that said firm will pay the sum of
One Hundred Dollars for each and
every case of Catarrh that cannot be
(Hired by the use of Hall's Catarrh
Curo.
Frank J. Cheney.
Sworn to before me and subscribed in
my presence, this fiih kay of December
A. D. 18SC.
A. W. Gleason.
Notary Public.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken intern
ally, and acts directly on tho blood and
mucus surfaces of the system.
Send for testimonials free.
P. J. Cheney & Co; Toledo, Ohio.
Sold by .all drueglsts, 75 cents.
Take Hall's Family Pills for consti
pation.
Old Time Sale Bill.
The llumansvillo (Mo.) .Leadtr
print? tbo following copy of v sole
bill 01 years old :
Stats ot Missouri, county of like—
To whom it may concern: Tho under
signed will luesday, September 29,
A. 1). 181 C, sell at public outcry for
cash on premises, whore Coon Creek
crosses ou the Missouri road, the
following chatties, to-wit: 0 yoke of
oxeu with yoke and chain, k l wagons
with bods, 3 nigger wenches, 4 buck
niggers, .'! nißgor boys, 2 prairie
plows. "."> stoel traps; 1 barrell pickled
cabbage, 1 hogshead of tobacco, I
lot nigger hoes, 1 spinuiug wheel,
loom, :i fox houiul=', a lot of coon,
mink aud skuuk skins and a Jot ot
other articles. Am gwluo to Cali
fornia.
JOHN DOK,"SS;
K ICII A KM KOti, Criyer. Q
Free headcheese, apples nnd hard
cider at noon.
liegulates the bowels, promotes
onsy natural movements, cures con
stipation— Doau's Keguk-t*. Asb
your druggiut for them. 25 cents a
box.
THE MAN WHO SWEARS BY
THE FISH BRAND SLICKER
___ \\\ JmC&Sa \ , ' •
\^r \\ ' s man
\li/V v '' v inw*^ <he same service
rM^t > H^&f out of some
X V \\ Clean Light -Durable
/ \\) Guaranteed Waterproof
I \X and Sold Everywhere
s \" mimaiiro caiaioo
.•> V^f, . , - nitron int Aswm>
Lodger and Chicago Weekly Inter
Owan, both i>a;>ut\j for 0110 year, !fi.'.')o
m say CLEVELAND'S — Ask a GOOD cook the kind of baking
11 powder to use and she will say CLEVELAND'S. ' Li
I J : It is the baking powder of experts — the baking powder used H
II by those who have tried them all. H
m Cooks who have used CLEVELAND'S and tried others ' P
H always come back to pi
B CLEIEOMS ■ I
I SUPERIOR |
J ■ BAKINGPOWDEE I
I! Made from a Superior grade of Pure" Cream of Tartar, *'■ H
A DIFFICULT TERM.
Tho Word "Bourgeois" and a Frenoh
Woman's Definition.
I am always embarrassed v.'hen ask
ed by foreigners to give the definition
of the word ' bourgeois,'' which Is gen
erally emphasized disdainfully. The
dictionary defines It as "common, with
out distinction." It is not exactly that.
Bourgeolsism, like provincialism, is a
mentality. It represents a kernel with
out the pulp and emanates from the
shell of the dinner pot. It is one of the
props of society. Props are never, beau
tiful nor graceful. Without It, however,
the world could not retain its equilib
rium, yet with it alone the world
could not progress. It gives to Indi
viduals the impenetrability of a shell.
One often Hurts its characteristics In
persons who have received a good edu
cation, In thoso who possess superior
culture, who have taste and a sense of
beauty. It betrays Itself by mean and
narrow ideas, by implacable intoler
ance, by stubborn blindness and, above
all,' by an incapacity to understand
liberty or to accord it generously.
This mentality creates a certain at
mosphere which is felt at once. The
workman, the peasant, the artist, are
not bourgeois. I could name a king
who is much more so than many of the
residents of our worst districts. Napo
leon I. was bourgeois; Napoleon 111.
was not. Balzac, Maupassant, were not
bourgeois; Zola was. England, Italy,
Spain, are not bourgeois. Germany Is,
but her emperor Is not, and so one
might continue indefinitely. — From
Mme. Pierre rte Coulevnln, Translated
by Jessie Henderson Brewer.
Arbiter and Arbitrary.
If nn arbitrator is chosen to end a
dispute, says the London Chronicle,
there Is no reason to dread that his de
cision would be arbitrary, though the
two words are very near relatives. An
arbiter, the Latin word which used
to be more common as English than
it is now, meant by derivation simply
"one who went to" something to ex
amine It, and so at first a spectator or
witness. Then in Itoinan law It assum
ed the technical sense of an umpire.
But a "judlcum," the legal decision In
a case with regard to a definite sum
of money, for Instance, was distin
guished from an arbltrlum, a legal
decision as to nn uncertain sum which
had to be determined; hence arbitrary
acquired the sense of uncertain, ca
pricious.
It Was Plain Enough.
A college professor who recently re
turned with his wife from their honey
moon greatly amused a company of
people In his home town, according to
the Lewlston Journal, by assuring
them, on being questioned concerning
their trip, that nobody where they
spent thoir honeymoon suspected that
they were bride and groom.
"What kind of a place wns It you
were In?" tho president of the college
nsked. "An institution for the blind V"
* ■
Economical Women.
Of small economies the following
will be difficult t<» beat for Kinallness:
A laboring man who bonds over his
weekly wages to his wife is allowed
by her an ounce of tobacco a week.
Sup buys it herself In two separate
half ounces In order, Hhe declares, to
get the advantage! of the two turns of
the scale.— London Chronicle.
A Brutal Definition.
Knlcker— What i» a philanthropist?
Booker— A man who given what he
doesn't hoed In » way nobody wants.— i
New York Sun.
There Is nothing so powerful as truth
*-nml ofteu uothlng s> struuge.—Web
ber.
A PIECE OF STRING.
It Plays a Prominent Part In the Life
of Japan.
■Writing from Japan, au American
Bays: "You must come here to appre
ciate some of the quaint customs and
usages which contact with other peo
ples has not yet driven ' out. To rea»l
about them gives you only a poor idea.
For instance, did you ever know what
an important thing a piece of string Is
here? The children, workmen, idlers,
servants, all carry plecen of string for
use in case of emergency. With us the
emergency would arise only when a
parcel had to be done up, but the Jap
uses his piece of string as a first aid to
the injured, to repair a rent In his
clothing, to fix a broken down jlnrlk
lsha, to mend tools, to take measure
ment, and, in fact, the string Is his
universal tool chest. The queerest use
to which It is put, according to my
way of thinking, is when a police offi
cer arrests a man, ties a bit of string
about the arrested man's wrist and
then loads him by the loose end of the
thin hempen fetter to the lockup. You
ask, 'Why doesn't the Jap crook break
the string and find a gateway?' He
could, but ho would not. That's where
his respect for the law conies In, and
the bit of string holds tho man as se
curely ns though he were manacled by
our own humane chilled steel, nickel
plated and snap locked method."— New
York Tribune.
DIRTY WATCHES.
The Reason Is Often to Be Found In
the W=tch Pocket.
"Why do watches get dirty?" said
the jeweler. "You'll find tho answer
in your watch pocket. Turn it out."
The patron turned out his watch
pocket, sheepishly bringing forth n
pinch of niud colored dust, some lint
and a small ball of black Huff.
"There's the reason," said the jew
eler. "Watches get dirty because the
pockets they arc carried in are never
clean. A watch pocket, my dear sir,
should be cleaned out regularly once a
week. Observe that rule and your
watch's works will not get clogged up
again!
"Another and a seasonable rule Is
never to lay your watch down ou stone
or marble. Tho cold deranges the deli
cate works.
"Never lay your watch down. In fact,
anywhere. Hang It up on a hook ver
tically In the same position It occupies
when in your pocket. Watches are
made to He, or, rather,- stand, iv that
position only.
"Wind your watch In the morning,
never at night."— Now York Tress.
Cigarettes cs Wedding Fee.
As one of .Manila's leading young
men was donning his evening suit pre
paratory to keeping v social engage
ment ho ran his hand into his pocket
and was surprised to find an envelope
there. On opening It ho discovered 25
pesos In bills. "Now, where in thunder
did I take on ull this nionoyV" he sutd.
"It Isn't mine, for I never carry my
bills around In an envelope." Then he
sat down to think where be had worn
tho suit and how he hail come by the
25 pesos. "The last place 1 wore It,"
ho mused finally, "was when I was
best man at a wedding a month ago.
But I gave r>r. Rogsltor his money. I
remember distinctly giving him some
thing, and It must have been his fee.
If I didn't give him tho money, what
In the world did I clvo him?" Ho call'
•ed up I>r. Ilosslter by phone. "I»o you
mind tolling me," ho asked, "what 1
I gave you for a feo at Blank's wed
ding?" Tho answer came. back, very
distinctly and cuttingly: "Young man,
you gave mo a box of vile smelling
cigarettes."— riiillpplno Gossip.
ITEMS WORTHY
OF PERUSAL.
The tropical seas contain a greater
percentage of salt than those of the
moro northern latitudes.
The total annual capacity for
production of pig iion by the United
States Steel Corporation at the pre
sent time is about 25,000,000 tons.
A railroad in Nigeria, Africa, will
be constmcted by the British Colonial
tJovernment to develop the resources
of the country, and in particular to,
stimulate the cotton-growing in
dustry. The load will be about 400
miles long.
The Norwegian legislature has pass
ed restrictions upon the sale of real
estate along water courses to foreign
ers. Similar action is boiog taken
in most of the countries of Europe.
The street railway CHr building in
dustry .increased generally fourfold
between 1800 aud VJQo, viz. : From
50',205.4C-J to 8124,281,317. The number
of street railway cars built in 1905
was 4091, valued at 89,992,310. No
cable cms were built, and only forty
two horse car 3.
Tho value of the flowers exported
yearly from the Kivoria is said to
amount to S'J.OOO.OuO.
The mines of tho world employ 0,
000,000 persons, and more than one
third of theai are in the liritisb
Empiie.
A government commission is strug
gling with the problem of exterminat
ing tbo nun butterfly, which has be
come a plague in liohemia.
Kight-car trains ure to be run on
the Boston elevated line in the en
deavor to cope with the problem of
bundling the tiallie offered.
"A jade mine in Siskiyou county,
Cal., is said to be the only one of its
kind in this country. Jade was dis
covered there 111 1908, and tests show
ed that the mineral was up to the
standard in every particular.
A watch for the use of the blind hits
the hours indicated by movable but
tons in relief ou the dial. A strong
minute band indicates minutes only.
A blind person who raises his hand
over the dial finds the button indicat
ing the hour depressed.
Japanese Finances.
Preceding the Japanese war, the
expenditures of the Japanese govern
ment were uever in excess of 15120,
000,000 per year. Kor the year be
ginning iv March, Japan is planning
the expenditure of over $500,0U0,000.
A debt of more than half a billion
dollars, carrying high rates of iuter
est, aocouuts for a part, expansion ot
government industrial enterprises for
another part, perhaps. Whatever the
cause, Japan continues under a terri
ble burden, and the 'axes already
weighing heavily on everything, vie
to be further increased. The expend
itures proposed amount to more than
?(! per capita. The expenditure* of
the United States are a half more,
hut observe : The average pay oi au
American laboier is 9175, about t'l.<;<>
a day. A Japanese carpenter mukud
!)0 cents a day, a Btotie cutter U3
cents, a factory gill live or six cents.
Measured Iv labor tho Jiipuuese ex
pondlturea are hardly less than four
times per Inhabitant those of tho
United States.— Atoblson 'ilobe.
Ledger & Chicago Inter-Ocean, $2.50.4
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
lONK.
Feb. J.— Miss Uessie Soott enter
tained a number of ber young friends
ißst Friday evening. The evening
was epeut in various amusements,
after which a daiuty lunch was served
by tbe hostess. At a lato hour tbe
gneets departed, having spent a very
enjoyable eveniug.
'Henry Payue weut tn Sacramento
tbe first of tbe week, to visit his
infant son. •
Owing to the disagreeable weather
the ball gnme billed for luat Saturday
afternoon was postponed.
Mrs Zeibu, wbo has been visiting
irieuds in Hacrameuto for a couple of
weeks, returned borne Sunday.
Wes Amick baa givon bis lirery
itable a oat ot paint, which is a
great improvement.
Mlas Oda Amiok viaited friends at
Mortells last Monday aud Tuesday.
Ueurge Yager ia wearing a veiy
bright smile Well don't you know
why? There ia a baby girl at his
bouse now.
Jim Kusb made a flying visit to
Oakdale last week.
lorn Hoj'd, wbo baa been visiting
friends in tbis vicinity, depatted fur
Sacramento Thursday morning.
John Yager and Myrtle liarnott
surprised tboir friends last week by
slipping away aud buiug quietly mar
ried in Stockton, after which they
Btartod for the Southern part of the
state on their honeymoon. They
will be absent about a montb before
tbey return to lone, which will be
their future borne. Their many
friends wish them a long life of
bHppiness.
Miss Kda .Adams departed for
Berkeley Thursday morning.
Mrs Brown has been the guest of
ier daughter, Mrs B. O. Prouty, . this
week.
The district deputy of Plymouth
installed tbe officers ct tbe N. 1). U.
W T . Wednesday evening, aud a plea
sant time was enjoyed by all present.
l)r Endioott bas beeu in lone tbis
week, during tbe absence of Dr.
Adams.
SHENANDOAH VALLEY.
Feb. 4.— Williams school reopened
iueaday morning alter having been
dismissed for a week on account of
the death of Kobert Davis, clerk of
the board of trustees.
' :Vlrand Mrs S. K. Davis of Sacra
mento, who came here to attend the
funeral of Mr Davis' brother, were
suddenly recalled to the city by the
serious illness ot Kobort Coster, a
boitber of Mrs Davis. It is now
iioped that the young man will.soou
recover bis usual health.
Mrs William burns of Aukum,
visited her mother, JMrs Husau Cruin,
Jast week.
James Lt. Davis, who was called
home by the death of his brother, re
turned to Madeia last Monday.
>Jiss Idele Whitehead spent part of
last week ac her home iv Amador
City. Un her return Monday to re
same her school, she and her driver,
Bertie Marden, met with a slight
mishap. The horse took fright at
some brush by the road, and after a
season of rearing and jumping, at
tempted to sit down in the buggy.
The occupants having vacated in
baste, Miss Whitehead wrenched an
arm severely iv dismounting, ; but
beyond that and the fright the only
other damage was a broken shaft to
the buggy. Fortunately they were
near ;hoi stopping place, and after
temporary repairs the diiver was able
to make the trip buck to Amador.
.). A. Cram bus ruceutly sßttled bis
family in the on Joe Davis'
ranch, wnere tboy will remain until
summer. Mr ('rain bus purchased an
interest in a gravel miiui near Fair
play, and will put iv ut least part of
bis time at work there.
< Mrs I. li. Watson ot Modesta, is
visiting her pareuts, Mr and Mrs U.
iSali.
The Wriggleswortb telephone line
cow baa v rival iv the valley, a
farmers' line huviug*bot>n organized
with several subscribers aud connect
ml with Plymouth. M. S. D.
' PINE UKOVE.
Feb. ">. — Old fcJol is proseutiug a
nniiliug face to-dar, which we heart
iJy enjoy after a soaHon of ruin.
Jiev. John Apploton is expected to
arrive borne today from Han Fran
cisco.
Jleury Zumalt came up from below
the latter part of last weok, lo assist
in packing and making a Uual move
to their new home near Petaluma.
Mrs V, iiradshaw left for Oakland
on Monday, called thither by the ill -
dchs of a sister. Her son Clarence
accompanying her as far as Jackson.
.'d rs K. Liiversedge went to Jackson
on Saturday for a week's visit with
her sister, Mrs l J helps, aud ber
mother Mri Clough, wbo baa lately
arrived from PaoiUoUrove. Alpha.
OASTOXIIA.
Sun tie <? ' h « KM You Have Always Bought
b'eb. :t. — My young and esteemed
friend Kobert Davla riled at tbe iesi
dence of his parents >n Hhennndoah
on Sunday evening last. 1 will leave
tbo history of his short career on
earth to be written by some Nativo
Son or Daughter, of which be was a
worthy member. Doubtlepa they will
contribute a tilling tribute to his
memory. 1 offer in memorinm this
little stanza carrying tortb it snnti
tnent that possibly some will be loath
to concur In. lt is uoedless to take
up any form of religion, for at best
they are only an ethical theory that
can In no way be now substantiat
ed. The act of creation ia beyond
conception and that world renowned
thinker aud philosopher and evolu
tionist. Herbert Spencer said in
Humming up the creation of what we
call nature, "that it was an unthink
able proposition." A man says he
knows when in reality bo don't know
wbut even oontrols his own being, or
his own destiny. 1 am ono ot those
wbo do not believe in death for to
niy mind death is life and only an
advancement, in other words- it Is one
step forward.
Across the grave wbere death no'er
goes
Ilia spirit fled to it's repose,
Wbere in the Javo ot letbe he'll find
A balm of Cod the superfine.
No terror awaits the soul in ease
That floats across Klysiiin eeas,
Hut along the wavoa where thought
bath fled,
To mingle with tbe countless dead.
To mergo where in tbo stream of lite
Hounds upward out ot human strife
Where tumult dies amid tbe roar
That in anthems burst; from shore to
shore.
Why weep for him that's laid away,
That's cast away the gurb of clay
All the ills that brought him pain
Ne'er will rack again bis fevered
brain.
He'll see no more in fevered dreams
The penciled forms that come in
gleams, ' ■ . \
Hut immorsed in higher thought ot
life
He'll review tbe backward field of
strife
Of strife as dead as bumau laws
Replaced by Clod's that batb no flaws,
Where in tbe power of (.Joel divine
Hath opened up the super One.
loneite.
itobort Carter, who was driving
team for the Last Cbuuoe mine, was
brought homesick with la grippe.
Mamie Wesael. the daughter of a
respectable half-bred Indian of this
vicinity, died Saturday last and is
buried to-day.
Mrs Chas. iioll is visiting witb ber
son, Hugh and wife of Oleta, this
week. . • Giddy Uick.
PLYMOUTH.
Feb. s.— Luct Monday Miss Ethel
Estey was a passeuger on tbe incom
ing Carbondale-Plymoutb stage. Tbe
young lady is employed by Wein
etock Lubiu & Co. ot Sacramento,
and came, home for two or three
weeks' vacation.
Mrs Margaret Sevey returned from
San Francisco Sunday evening.
Last Wednesday evening a merry
crowd of young people, consisting of
tbe Misses Lizzie Üblinger, Mary
Weston and Mac Easton, also Messrs
Trevor Weatou, Arthur Dacb, and
Gabriel aud Moise Hoos ot this place,
attended the xMasonio installation iv
Drtyown. Tbuy report as having
enjoyed thnmsolves immensely.
Mrs M. liutler aud daughter, Mrs
Mattie Parson, left last week for
Sacramento, where the former's
sistor, Mrs King, is seriously ill.
Mrs Ui liohlow and Mrs Kleming
came up from the city this evening,
for an indefinite stay. Tho lorrnci'.s
little son Hay, is sick, necessitating
a change of climate.
Mrs Picket t from (.'osumnes, is
here visiting her daughteis, Medaau-s
Duvore uud Putton of the Adams
house.
Mrs Laura O. llutler 1). D. U. P.,
of the native daughters, went to lone
last Wednesday evening, accompanied
by Chas-AValtoii, Medaraea Etta Mac
lleiiill aud Jenuie Cram, also Mies
Clara Steiner, to iustull tho olHcors
of Chlspu Parlor No. 80, into their
respected etutions. Quite a number
of guests and N. l). (J. W. were pre
st'iit to witness tbe installation cere
monies aud participate iv the jolly
good time, which was enjoyed by all.
Tim Plytaouthites arrived home safe
ly Thursday afternoon. On the way
to lone one could hcur through the
bills and cuuyous tbe echo of tbe
melodious strains of old tamiliur
songs, indulged iv by tbe competent
singers of tho crowd.
HUTTEU OUHEK.
f Andrew Kiggio, an Italian uged
about 70 years, and employed as
watchman at the Wildmau mine,
was found dead^lu the engiue room
at the mine last Thursday evening on
the :iU inst. at about 7p. in. lie had
been ailing for some time, but still
ooutinuod hia duties aa usual. About
op. in. he spoke to some trlends and
ueeroed to be all light, except that he
mentioned he did not feel as well as
ufliinl, nnd was found later lying *n
the floor, having fallen off the henofr.
An inquest wna held, tbe verdlot be
ing general debility and hiwit
tronble. The funeral was held from'
the undertaking parlors Hunday
ntfernoon. The Native Hong and 1
Daughters turned nut iv a body. He
leaves a daughter nnd a sou, and
brother, who nre living In Han Fran
claco, and ono daughter In Stockton.
interment iv the Catholic cemetery
Mrs Hubbell is seriously ill, suffering
from asthma-. Her daughter, Mrs
Oeorgo Wiggins worth of Jackson Is
here taking care of ber.
AUhUM.
Mrs Goodno is also very 111 witb a
sovere attack of tbe grippe.
Frank Morocco went to San Francis
co last Frldny morning on business
interests, returning luesdayevening.
Dr. Goodman has purchased the S.
J. Shelor iimcli nuat of town, and
moved his family up from the l<'oroat
Homo plaoe. -
Mrs Agnes Tompleton it to mod to
ber duties in Sun Francisco Sunday
morning, after a pleaoant visit of six
weeks here with ber family and
friends.
P. Dabovich, caabier of tbe -bank
here, was an out-going pasaenger Sun
day morning for tbe bay city.
H. H. Seibe went to Oakland Tues
day, upon receipt of a tolegraui, Btat
ing tbe death of bis mother, Mrs L.
Hoi he, ut that place ou Monday.
11. Morris arrived bore Tuesday
evening from Mapa, and will look
after the drug department iv the
abaence ot 11. Seibe? -
Mrs J. Hernardis and daughter weut
to Sacramento Tuesday inoruing.
Last Friday eveniug an informal
reception was given at the M. E.
church to welcome the new converts.
A program was renderod and an ap
propriate address by tbe pastor, and
retresbmeuts served after which tbe
organization of an Epwortb League.
Florence Shealor went to San Fran
cisco Monday morning.
Tbe sulooti question was up before
tbe board of supervisors last Monday,
as tbe result of a hot contest in lone,
wheie considerable feeling has pre
vailed on this subject for a long
time. It seems there are four places
iv tbe valley town wbere intoxicating
Jiquorß are sold. We understand that
the maximum fixed by tbe board for
that section is eight, whethor this
means tbe entire township or merely
tbe towusite of lone we are not pre
pared to say. J At any rato, there was
nothing in tbe ordinance of the board
that was prohibitory to tbe granting
ot another retail liquor license in
lone. Tbe number now is below tbe
number ot those in business in that
line some time ago, and tbe number
in the county is within the maximum
limit. Jake .Newman owns a piece of
property in the valley town, which
Sutherland would rent tor a saloon,
provided be could secure a license.
So he made application to tbe board
for a permit. Ihe anti saloon associa
tion joined forces with tbe saloons of
the town in a remonstrance. The
former were contending for the shutt
ing out of tbe license, on moral
grounds, the others were controled
by selt-interest. Naturally they
wanted to keep the trade corraled.
Hotti sides mustered before the super
visors. D. McCail, who is as much
opposed to tbe saloon business as any
one on the remonstrance, uppeared
and spoLu iv tavor of granting the
license. He contended that Mr
Newman had as much right to rent
bis property for a saloon as any
other taxpayer. He bellovod iv a
fair field and no favor. To establish
a monopoly by ordiuuuee or by
arbitrary act of tho county munageis,
was un-American. A. Caminotti
spoke in favor ot tbo remonstrance.
There was some acrimony developed
during the discussion of the mutter.
When put to a vote Fr'aser and liurko
voted for grunting tbo license and
(irlllo and titrobm against, lt was
thereby passed up to tbo chuirmau,
who cast tbe deciding voto against
the petition.
Elder (dJsciißslug tho now minister's
probation discourse)— ln my opeenion
he wiisna JustMed In dividing folk into
the sheep nnd the goats. I wodua just
say, Jamie, that I was among the
unco quid, mi' I wudua suy that you
wero among the unco bud. So whar
do we come In? He'll no do for us,
Jamie. We'll no voto for him.—Lon
don Punch.
"You've heard her, you suy?" re
marked Mr. Dubley. "Ah, she cer«
talnly has tho gift of song."
An Observer.
"Well, I hope that's what it is," re
plied Miss Knot, "I should hute to
Uiiiik she paid anything for it."—Phll
adelphla Press.
•U'poee dar wuss a turkey fer every
man In de country?"
"Wouldn't make any difference, ttt
dey'd have wings. enough to fly out et
i*tvh."— Atlanta Constitution.
A. man's misfortune Is like a nho»—
If wo large, It trips him up; If to*
•mall, It plncbcu him.— Horace.
liYJ;VP.K TEDOETf JACKSON, CALTJPiru.iNiA,
Sutterite.
Considerably Mixed
Left Out In tho Cold.
An Estimate and a Hope.
Samo Old Misery.
Card of Thanks.
The Kplncopn-H people nnef thoir
frifiwla are very imtetul to IJT, Gib-
Ikuih tor the lecture for tlie toneflt
«f the church, mid hlho to Dr. (Inll
Mid the Knights at J'yt limn for their
bind efforts In making the lectarc a
success.
Dr. K. K. Endloott ntul Fred 11.
Iji'inoiti went to Unit this morning,
and will return Mundny owning.
They took thnlr guns along, intend
ing to v" out hunting dunks.
Miss Kose Katto went tn Htooltton
this morning, where the will meet
Mrs Voorhels and Gilbert. From
there she will accompany them to
Oakland.
Love's Opera House
3 Nights Starting
Sunday, Feb. 9
C. Hi Barr presents Miss
La Sacll in a series of
up-to-date comedies
and melo-dramas
Opening Production
Sunday-Scout's Revenge
Prices 25, 35 and 50
Grand Concert ,
Sunday at 2 p. m.
Summons.
In the Superior Court of. tti« state
of California, in and foe Aixt&dor
county.
Adelaide Laity plaintiiC vs. James
J. Laity defendant;.
Action brought in the superior
court of tbe state of California, in
aud for Amadou county,, and tbe
complaint tiled in the otJ3«o of tbe
clerk of said Amador county.
The people of • tbe state of Cali-
fornia send greeting to James J. Laity
defendant.
You are hereby directed to appear
aud answer the complaint in an
action entitled as above-, brought
against you in the supeckw court of
the state of California, in and for
Amador comity,. witihin. ten days
after tbe service. on you of tbis sum-
mons—it served within tints county;
or within thirty days- iff'B&rved else-
where.
And you are hereby notified that,
unless the defendant a© appears and
answers, tbe plaintiff will take judg-
ment for any money or damages de-
manded in the complaint as arising
upon contract, ac will apply to the
court for any other relief demanded
in the complaint..
Given under my hand and tbe seal
of tbe superior court oS the state of
California, in and for Amador county,
this 17th day of January A. D. 1908.
(seal) J. K. HUUKUTY, Cleik.
Wm. G. Snyder,
Attorney tor plaintiff.
Notice of Assessment.
Valparaiso (iold Mining Company.
Location of works Jacksou Mining
district, Amador county, California.
Locution of'priucipal place of busi-
ness Jacksou, Amador county, Cali-
fornia.
Notice ia hereby given that, at a
regular meeting ot the Hoard of
Directors ot the' Valparaiso Gold
Mining Company, held on tbe stb
day ot February, 10U8, an assessment
(Mo. 2) of one (lc) cent per share
was levied ou tbe subscribed' capital
stock ot the corporation, payable
immediately in lawful money of the
United States, to the secretary at tbe
ollicu of the company, at tho storo of
Wm. Tarn, Main street, Jackson,
Amador county, California.
Any stock upon which this assess-
ment shall remain unpaid on the 11th
day of March,ll)oB, will be delinquent
uud will be advertised for sale at
public auction, aud unless payment
ia made before, will be sold ou Satur-
day, March 28, 11108, to puy the deliu-.
quent HSSessiDßUt together with costs
of advertising uud expeusos of sale.
WILLIAM TAM,
Secretary of said Valparaiso <>old
Mining Company.
Oiilce of Company, Main streot,
Jacksou, Amador county, California.
Notice of Assessment.
Oleta limvtil Mining Co. Liocatiou
of priuoipal place of business, Ouk-
liiml, California, aud otUue of tbe
oompuuy at Koom No. 240 liacou
huildiug, Oukluud, California. l<ocu-
tiou ot works, Amador county, Cali-
fornia.
Notice is hereby given that at a
meeting of tbe Jioard of Directors
held on tho '2Hth day of January, l'JOti.
Un UHHOHHment (No 2.) of one-half
()£) of one (1) per cent por shure
was levied upon the capital stock of
the corporation, payable immediately
in lawful money of tbe United HtutcM
to the secretary of tbo company ut
the ortice of the company, Koom 240
IJacou iiuilding, Oakland, California.
Any stock upon which this assess-
iiinut shall remuiu unpaid on tbe (it ti
day ot March, I<JOB, will be delin-
quent and advertised for sale at
public auction aud union* payment
is made before, will be sold on Mon-
day the (3th day ot April, 190H, to puy
tho delinquent assossinont together
with the cost* of advertising an ex-
penses of sale.
JSv order ot the lioard of Directors.
K. U. S. yOKK.
Ueoretary of suid Uleta (irarel .Min-
ing Co.
Oiilce of company. Koom 210 ISqcou
liuilding, Oakland, California.
DIED.
DA VIM.— In KlinnnrHonh vnlloy, Jnnn-
nry U(i, 11)08, Katort 1. Durfe, a
native of California, aged 2H yt»rs f
6 months and IS'days.
VOQMIEjy.-ln Honora,. Kebrmwy 6,
ISHiH, Frank Arthur Voorhers, a
nativo of Mlchlngnu aged about fifty
years.
Notice of Assessment.
Joso Gulch Mining Company, a
corporation, duly organized and. nxi.it-
ing under and hy virtue of tba Jaw of
Mm stato of California,, having lt»
ottlce and priuoipal placoofi business
at llutto JJasln (Jackson post oHl««),.
Amador county, California,, and Us
property and works at tbe same place.
Notice is hereby givnn. that, at a
regular meeting of the lioard of
Directors ot the Joho (JnUih Mining.
Company, held on the (itln day of
January, IUOB, an Assessment ot live
(5) cents por shure was levied ou the
subscribed capital stock of the above
named corporation, payable on or
before the 7th day ot February 1908,
to the secretary uf the said corpora-
tion, J. P. Little, at llutto Llnaln,
(Jackson post oflice), Amador ooiuitj,
California.
Any stock on which this assessment
shall remain unpaid on the 7th, of
February, 11)08, will be delinquent and
will be advertised for sale at public
auction, and unless payment ia made
of tbe asaesHment with accrued costs
before tho 2nd dny of March,, V.WH,
said delinquent stock will be sold
on that day (March 2nd, 1!)Q8 V to pay
the delinquent assessment together
with costs of advertising and expenses
ot sale.
f J. P. LLTTLK,
Secretary of the Jose Uuicb. Mining
Company.
Office at liutto llasin, (Jackson
post office), Amador county, Cali-
fornia.
Timber Land Act June 3,. 1:878—
Notice for Publication.. 214 a
United States Land Oiiluo,. Sacra*
mento, Calif., Dec. 4, 1907.
Notice ia hereby given that in com-
pliance with the provisions of tbe act
of Congress ot Juno :t, 187.H,. entitled
"An act for tbo sale ot timber lands
in the States of California,. Oregon,
Nevada, and Washington Teccitory,"
as extended to all the I'ubUo Land
States by act of August 4,. 1492; Jobu
Carver, of Fine GrovA,. county of
Amador, State (or Teriiitory j oi Cali-
fornia, has this day tiled in this otllce
bis sworn statement,. No.. 2143 1 , for the
purchase of the SW %of NW Y A , of
Section No. 22, in Township No. 8
N., Kange No. UK,. M... U. M., and
will offer proof to show that the land
sought is more valuable foi its tim-
ber or stone than for agricultural
purposes, and to establish, bis claim
to said land before the IL & Com-
missioner for Amador county, at his
office in Jackson, Ca Ml.., Monday, tbe
17th day ot Feb., IUU& ...
He names as witnesses: L. W.
Jones, Frank Primo,. li. JUenson and
W. J. Uavis all of Pln&Grovo, Calif.
Any and all persons claiming ad-
versely the above-doscribed lands are
requested to tlie their claims in tbis
office on or before- said 17th day of
l'"ob. 1008. «
JOHN V. AIiMKTKONO, rogister.
Not coal land.
First publication Dee. (5, 1907.
Timber Land Act June 3, 1878- —
Notice for Publication. 2074
United States .Lainl Oiitao. Sacra-
mento, Culif., Due. 1, 1907.
Notice is hereby given that in com-
pliance witb the provisions of tbe act
of Congress of .) nno 3, 1878, entitled
"An act for the sale ot timber lauds
iv tbe States of California, Oregon,
Nevada, and Washington Territory,"
as extended to ull the I'ubllc L>and
States by act of August 4, 18U2, John
A. lonzi, of lone, county of Amador,
State (or Territory) of California,
has this day filed in tbis office his
sworn statement. No. 2U/4, for the
purchase of the Lots 1, 2, :i aud i
and SW % of NW ¥ t «cc. 5, T. 7 NMN M
K. 13 E., au«l SK % of SE^, of Seo-
tiou No. IJ2, in Tosvnship No. 8 N.,
Kuuge No. 13 X., M. D. M., aud will
offer proof to show that tho laud
sought is more valuable for its tim-
ber or stone than for agricultural
purposes, uud to establish his claim
to aaid land belore the register and
receiver ut U. S. Lund Office in Sacra-
meuto, Calif, on Tuesday, the 11th
day of Kob., IUUB.
lie names us witnesses: T. (.jebhart,
O. Henderson and A. T. Tonzi of
lonu, Calif., nnd licit Martin of
Amador City. Culif.
Any and all persons claiming ad-
versely the übovu-dotioribed lauds are
requested to file their cluims in tbis
oillct) on or before said ll th day of
Keb. IUOB.
JOHN K. AUMSTitONG, register.
Not coal land.
First publication Dec. «, 190".
Notice to Creditors.
Eetato of Suuiuol \V. liright de-
oeaeed.
Notion is horony given by tbe
undersigned, (Jurleton T. HiirtU'tt,
udmiuiutrutur of the estate of Hiimuel
W. Jirlght, duceaued, to the creditors
of nnd all pursonu having oluiuis
agnlust tbe said deceuaod, to exhibit
them, with the uecefcuary vouobeis,
within ten months ufter tbe lirst
publioution ot this notice to the suid
ihlmiiiHtiutoi , at the otllce of Kobert
C. Hole, Esq., Urown Huildiug, Court
utreot, Jaokuon, California, the same
being the place for tbe transaction of
tbe lju.sintiHj of mild estate, in said
Amador county.
Dated, Junuury 10, 1908.
CAKL.KTON T. UAIU'LUTT,
Administrator of Kstiitt) of tiaimiel
W. liright, deceased.
Itobert C. Hole, Attorney for ad-
uiimsrutor.
t'ioneer (lour is the best; have no
other.
Applications for Grazing Permits.
Notice ia hereby given that nil
Applications for permits to graze
cattle, horee* nod «heep within the
HTAMBL.AUH NATIONAL. IVOJKISST
dm Ida the season of ]tH)3, must be
Hied in my oiilce nt Bonora, Calif ,
on or before March 15, 19U8. Full
information in regard to the grazing
fees to be charged and blank forma
to be nstri in making application will
be furnished upon request.
8. J. FLiINTUAM,
i« 17-lt Acting Supervisor.
WANTED I
Would like to hear at once
from owner having good me-
dium size farm, or small busi-
ness Tor sale in any yood pros-
perous locality. Please %'ive
price and description, and rea-
son for selling. State when
possession can be had. No
Agents need apply. Address,
Lock Drawer 984, Rochester,
N. Y.
a
OF SACRAMENTO.
Corner Fourth and J Sts.
ai^ Depositors four per cent
on TERM DEPOSITS, THHEE per cent
On ORDINARY DEPOSITS
Accepts deposits in sums
from ONE DOLLAR and
upward.
Guaranteed Capital . . * $410, 000
Paid Up Capital and Reserve. . 375.000
Assets 2,500,000
Send Draft, P. O. Order, or Wellti-Fargo Order
■ < sod we will send pass book.
Momv to Loan on Eeal Eatate
'• ■". "■....-',■-.-: — .>'. : ,.',.! ..■ ..:.■
. - WM. BECKMAN, PRCS.
Alfred O. Folirer, Cashier. sepSO
We are a ''*
Commercial Bank
Which means that we
are prepared to grant
to the merchant, the
farmer and the profes-
sional man every ac-
commodation consist-
ent with sound bank-
ing
BANK OF AMADOR COUNTY
Julius Chichizola, President
C. L. Culbert. Cashier
aTfranatovich
All kinds of Stone Cutting
MARBLE AND GRANITE
MONUMENTS AND
COPING
The best work at the lowest price.
Positively no ngents. Give no orders
anyone claipiing to be such.
Opposite Catholic Cemetery, Jackson.
BIST FOR THE
BOWELS
If yon haven't a regular, healthy movement of tbo
howuUevrryduy.you'rolUorwlll be. Kaupyuu^
buweU oiren, mul be well. Forgo, in the thitpe ot
violent i>hy»lu or pill polion, ll dangeroui. Tint
amoothoiit, c«»leit, moat perfect way of k«eplu«
the bowel* clear and clean la to tako
CATHARTIC *i •_ I
EAT 'EM LIKE CANDY |
rii'naunt, I'lilniulilo, Potent, TiitftH Uno-I, o. fl
Oood, iScv< r M.lk'h, Wmk-ii or (iripm 10. 'ii amM
6l>cenU I" rti.i. Wrltofor tteo nuuyli, and bnoliH
Itituu hcLlth. Adilri.'H* 431 ■
Sterling Remedy Company, Chlca 41 t **w York I
KEEP YOUR BLOOD tia*l... . .T, 
For that cough
Take
Ruhser's White Pine, Tar and Menthol
50 cents per bottle
RUHSER'S CITY PHARMACY.
Jackson* Cal.
TEMPKRATORE AND RAINFALL
This table gives the highest and lowest tern
porature in Jackson for each day, together with
tho rainfall, as recorded by self-registering
instruments kept at tbe Ledger office :
Temp | |Temp:|
Date. ; g, Date. ; in
|L.;II. 5 jL,.jH.j3
JilD. 1..1908: St! 61O.OSijliQ. 17 \ 40: 62: '
■i iß* 73: i! 18 | 47; 630.13
3 i 2n: 61: !| 19 i»V 701
4 ! 28: 6* .6):' 20 j 48! 53§.40
ft i 2»! »8 ; i! 21 i 43; flOjOrn
0 i 28^ 70 !j 2iJ ! 411 63!0.(M
7 ! 2s! 73: i! 23 ! 43; (!«:•
8 1 28 : 73: U 24 1 38; 500.48
0 j 31; 7* .07: 25 ! 38; 55 0.a5
10 1 81! SO! i 28 i 83 73 0.03
II i3B 73: ! 27.....! 83! 611;
12 i 65 70;0.02 28 j 34! 0»:
13 ! 47i 60:0.08:; 29 ! 31] &i.
14 ! 43 45J1.69 30 j 81 65 :
15 i 43: 490.07; i 31 i 301 47!
16 | 33| 02! i! i i i
Temp | |Temp:|
Date. ; g, Date. ; in
|L.;II. 5 jL,.jH.j3
JilD. 1..1908: St! 61O.OSijliQ. 17 \ 40: 62: '
■i iß* 73: i! 18 | 47; 630.13
3 i 2n: 61: !| 19 i»V 701
4 ! 28: 6* .6):' 20 j 48! 53§.40
ft i 2»! »8 ; i! 21 i 43; flOjOrn
0 i 28^ 70 !j 2iJ ! 411 63!0.(M
7 ! 2s! 73: i! 23 ! 43; (!«:•
8 1 28 : 73: U 24 1 38; 500.48
0 j 31; 7* .07: 25 ! 38; 55 0.a5
10 1 81! SO! i 28 i 83 73 0.03
II i3B 73: ! 27.....! 83! 611;
12 i 65 70;0.02 28 j 34! 0»:
13 ! 47i 60:0.08:; 29 ! 31] &i.
14 ! 43 45J1.69 30 j 81 65 :
15 i 43: 490.07; i 31 i 301 47!
16 | 33| 02! i! i i i
Total rainfall for week....... 0.33 Inches
Total rainfall for season to date ..10.18 laches
To corresponding period last Reason 32.88 "
LOCAL NEWS
J. S. Wilson. Dentist. Hours 9a.
in. to 5 p. m. Phone— Office, black
444: residence. Black 391; Jackson.
Miss Liila Fuller, who went to Sun
Frauoisco over a week ago for treat
ment, was operated upon in a sani
tarium there for an affection of the
knee joint. Tbe surgeons found a
tatty tumor or growth, something
which none of the doctors who saw
the oiiho had ever seen in the course
of their practice. This was removed,
and the patient was getting along
nicely toward recovery at. last ac
counts.
The bridge over tbe South tork
beyond tbe Zeila is receiving a coat
ot gravel from tbe tailings at Kod
hill at Scottsville, and from tbe creek
bed near by the bridge. It is con
sidered the best kind of road
material.
George Daman has accepted the
position of clerk at the National
hotel, Henry Hayden having resigned.
The latter went to tiouora the first ot
tbe week.
Last week the Lodi high school
boys went to Honoru and played the
boys from tbe high school there a
game ot basketball. The visitors
weie quite badly beateu by the
iSuuora boys.
Last Saturday evening the "Denver
Express" was well attended. The
play itself was a blood and thunder
piece from tbe very start, but tbe
ajior.s acquitted themselves voiy well.
Last week while fooling with a shot
gun A. Peoinbo aooidoutly shot him
self in the left hand, completely
severing tho thumb and lacerating the
rust, of the hand badly. He was taken
to tbo Sierra sanitarium for treat
ment.
.VI. L. Smith Notary Public and
Stenographer, Court St., •Juckuou,
Telephone Black IK!.
Jumea Cook was accidently burned
Sunday at the Zeila mine by elec
trioity, thougb not very badly. The
wire that he came in oontucl with
carries 500 volts, but he did not get
the lull force of it. He was not able
to work tor a couple ot days.
lieu Hpaguoli, son ot S. G. Spag
ivili, came up Monday from his home
in itichmond, aud will visit relatives
hHi'o for a tew weeks.
Valeutbe Autonotti, liasilio (iio
rauuoni aud (Jo Oisi have rented the
(Lore recently vacated by Win. Tain,
au'l intend to oj'tm a Hist class Italian
restaurant on the premises. Tbe
pJaoe will be completely vemodeled,
there being a main dining room, with
a .uiuplu of booths, while the kitchen
will be equiped with a lino brick
I'liuge aud all modern appliances.
They intend to engage tbe services of
an Italian cook, while the thrt>« of
them will do the other work. They
do uot Intend to have a bar in oon
uhsMou. It will 'probably be the first
of April before ''everything is in
readiness. '?£/■.•
Win. J. Alolioo'a 'law ollioe 1b now
iv the (limit building, rooms IVi and
414, at tbe comer of 7th aud Market.
Tel. Market 79. Nil) lt
Dr. E. L, Phillips oflice is at his
residence, on Hamilton tract, oppo
site California hotel.
William Doyle of Hunts gulch rode
into town last Sunday, and met with
an unpleasant and painful mishap.
On Broadway the horse stumbled and
fell, both man and beast being rolled
in the mud, which is superabundant
in that thoroughfare. Beside a sprain
ed thumb he came out of the ordeal
uuburt.
I'eter Luke of Hunts guloh ' was
seized with a hemorrhage last Mon
day while on his way to Jackson. At
Hcottsville his strength failed him,
and Jery Dri coll drove him to the
hospital, where he has been under
treatment ever since.
Miss Mary McDonald returned to
her homo in Oakland on Wednesday.
She had come up to attend the
funeral ot Patrick Dwyer.
The local football team intended to
have the boys from the Sacramento
high school come up and play a
game here on Washington's birthday,
but the expense of the trip would be
over 8100, so they have given up the
idea. The railroad refused to give
the boys a reduced rate, though It is
customary under such conditions to
make some reduction.
The receipts of the recorder's office
during the past month' were $165.75
in comparison with 8123.50 during the
same period last year. This shows
that the business of. this ottice has
been picking up during the past
couple of months, as the last two
months tbe leceipts have been larger
than for a number of months prior
to that.
Owing to repair to the powor line,
the electric current was shut off
Wednesday from ten in the morning
until three o'clock in the afternoon,
l'be installation of the big dynamo
just received from the manufacturers
is proceeding carefully, it is a work
that demauds the utmost care, aud
cannot be rushed.
Lawrence Burke, son of tbe super
visor, was visiting his aunt, Mrs
Perry Lepley, from Friday until
Tuesday, when he returned to Ply
mouth with his father.
Miss Maude Miller, who has been
quite sick at tbe National hotel for
tbe past mouth, and mother, returned
to their home in lone yesterday
morning.
The following hunting licenses were
issued during tho pa'xt month: Steve
Vigna of San Fruucisco; Leslio Dony,
James K. Vose, Morris (Jhiliuo, John
J. Haley, James F. Arditto, Charles
Wallenburg, Kobert K. McCall,
Harper B. X'aylor, Herman W. Mattbis,
Paulo Marcuoci, Joseph Wesley Sibble,
Peter Cuneo, W H Powell of West
Point.
As a result of the tire at tbe Sum
mit housu near Sutter Creek, tbe
wires over which the power is carried
tor lights iv this town were burned
from their supports, putting out tbe
lights here about 10:30. They were
out tlio greater part of yesterday.
Dr. Aikeu of the Climax mine a
couple ot weeks ago presented Mr
Voorbeis ot tbe National hotel, with
a pair of elk horns, which have been
hung iv the main olllco of the hotel.
(Gilbert Voorbeis arranged eighteen
small electric iights on the prongs of
the horns, so that they make a very
flue appearance at night when all
lighted up. The horus themselves
are almost perfectly formed.
Persons wishing to join a Fraternal
ardor which gives insurance, acci
dent aud disability benefits will l;e
interested iv tbo Universal order of
Foresters. Mr Osboru, who is stop
ing at Mrs Thomas Lomin's will be
pleased to give full information to
those interested.
On Sunday evening, Feb. i)th, O.
A. Barr will present Miss La Salle
iv the romantic comedy drama,
Scout's Keveuge. The engagement
runs three nights aud the bill will
be changed each evening. Ou Sun
day there will be a graiid concert in
fiout of the opera house by tbe com
pauy's baud.
FKIDAY, ifEUHUAnV 7, 11)03.
Pour Bodies
Are Recovered
Four bodies of the men mho 'lost
their livos in the Fremont mine dlfl-
HBter on Nor. 30tb, have been recover
ed. Ono vvaa found last Saturday,
one on Monday and two on Tuesday.
Tbe first wan tumid about fifteen feet
above the seven hundred foot level,
while the other three were found
about olght feet below tbe first. All
of them wore on tbe ladder side,
showing that they were climbing as
rapidly as they could. Only a very
small proportion of tbe first man
could be found, while of the others
quite a little was found. With one
of them was found a nickel watch, a
belt and a case knife, but no one
could identity any of them. Tbe
remains were turned over to the
ooroner us soon as each body was dis
covered.
Work in the mine Is progressing at
a rapid gait. Ihn men are now work
ing below the seven hundred, and are
timbering at tbe iate of about fifteen
feet a day. They expeot to reaoh tbe
skip, which is lodged at the eleven
bundred level In about three weeks.
City Trustees-
The board of trustees of the city
of Jackson met in regular monthly
session last evening; all being pre
sent but Learn.
The regular monthly reports of the
clerk, treasurer and marshal were
rend and approved.
Annual report of tbe city clerk was
read and referred to the finance
committee.
A communication in regard to a
reduction of a theatre license was
read.
A petition entitled, "Petition for
disinoorporation of Jackson," signed
by 143 signers was read. Said peti
tion was on motion duly made and
carried placed on file and action de
ferred for one week.
An election proclamation for a
municipal election in and for the
city of Jackson was promulgated by
order ot the board and ordered print
ed.
The audit and finance committee
reported favorably on tne following
claims: .
C Burke, rent of dump - 9 20.00
C Marelia, rent of tax col. offlco 12.00
V M Whitmore Eat. Co., lumber 49.47
W 13 Thompson, recorder's fees- 18.00
A Hamrick, carpenter work • 2.00
tl T Heath, labor - - 54.50
A Franco, " - - 27.50
Li Allegranza, " - - 30.00
Folger & Koberts, team hire - 18.00
11 A Clark, team hire - 49.50
Amador BL&R Co., lights - 89.00
U S Gregory, brd. of prisoners - 4.50
J J Forsbey, rebate on taxes - 1.35
Li J Glavinovicb, supplies - 1.25
Amador Ledger, advertising • 3.G1
O'Meil & Podosta, team hire - 4. C0
The clerk was instructed to draw
the following warrants:
(Jeo M Uuherty Jan. salary • $ 75.00
Jj J Ulavinovich, - • 40.00
X C Bole, - - - 25.00
J S Uarbarini, - - 10.00
The superintendent of streets was
ordered to remove all projecting
windows over any sidewalk witbin
tbe corporate limits of the city ot
Jackson, ; on or before the 20tb of
Feb. 1908, providing tho persons own
ing the premises on which said win
dow may be, or the person owning or
controlling the same shall not re
move same prior to said date.
Adjourned till Feb. 13.
Off to Austria
Eight Austrian miners left by tbo
1. & E. train Thursday mcrning
bound for thoir native laud. Five
were from Jaukson, and vicinity, and
three from Sutter Creek. Those from
Jackson were P.Cnuricb,HlazCburich,
Joko Churicb, cousins, Milan Mila
diuoviob, Vaso Popovicb. Three of
tlmso worked iv tbe Zeila mine, ouo
was employed at the Uwiu, aud tbo
other at ouo of tbe other mines in
this vicinity. They are all single
men, and have worked iv this county
five or six yearn. Three are going on
a visit to their relatives iv their
native land, and intend to return
here. Two have been in Impaired
health, and go ou that account, with
out auy present intention of return
ing. The five named Becured their
tickets through N. Marelia direct
from Jackson to Trieste, by tbe
French line of steamers. They will
go by the most direct route. Those
from Sutter Creek will go to San
Frauoisco first, and engage their
passage from tbat city. Tbe fare
from Jackson clear through to the
Austrian seaport is 8108. This exodus
has no particular significance, it
means nothing more than that the
parties are taking advautaue of the
depression iv tbe labor market and
tbe low passenger rate to visit their
native country.
oA.si'oixijri..
Be»ri tha -J?^ "aVB" aV8 A ' Wa)S
Ledger and Chicago Weekly Inter
Ocean, both papers for one year, 12.50
la advance.
A Close Call
Henry llradley returned Tuesday
evening from Sacramento, where he
has h«>en for the pa«t couple of
mouths, 110 relates a peculiar inci
dent that happened last Friday even
ing. He had a room In a place on
one of the main streets, while a
frieurl of his bad one directly across
the hull from him. That evening he
had decided to go to the theator, so
left n note on tbe table where his
friend could find it, and loft the
door open. Hut ho met his friend
ou the stairs, but forgot to go back
and fHHteu the door. They did not
return until late, and when they did
Mt Bradley found a policeman iv
charge of the room. It scums that
this blue-coat had seen a man and
woman enter this place, and feeling
sure tbat they had no business there
started to investigate. He asked tbe
landlord it v certain man and woman
had a room there, giving a descrip
tion tbat fitted tbe two that had
eotorod just before him. But tbe
proprietor said tbat there wore no
sucb partiies staying there. Another
policeman was called, and tho two of
them made a anarch of tbe house,
finding the couple in Mr Bradley 'a
room. They claimed to be the friends
mentioned in the note, and that the
door bad been left opon for them,
liut their story was not believed, so
they wore locked up lor tbe night.
Mr Bradley of course had never seen
the people before, co the judge gave
both three months in jail. Short
ly after the sentence was passed a
piece of gas pipe was found In the
room, having been hidden there by tho
visitors, when tbe police had de
manded admittance.
Passed Away
, In Sonora
Frank Arthur Voorheis passed away
iv Sonora about three o'clock yester
day afternoon, after an Illuess cover
ing several mouths. The deceased
was a native of Michigan, being about
Ufty years of age. He came to tbis
county some years ago, living in
Sutter Creek at lirst. About six years
bro he bought the National hotel and
has continued iv the management of
tbat establishment since then. To
mourn his death, he leaves a wife and
one son, Gilbert.
Mr Voorheis had been troubled
with his stomach for some time, be
sides having malaria. He and Mrs
Voorheis went to Berkeley in the
latter part of September, thinking
tbat tbe coast climate would do him
good. He improved so «much t tbat
they decided £to visit Mr and Mrs
Story in Sonora, whore they went
about the first of November. The trip
was too much tor Mr Voorhois so
from that time he began to sink
slowly. For two weeks he took hard
ly any nourishment, so that it could
be seen that the end was near. The
remains will probably be shipped to
Oakland.
Though he bad been sick lor. some
time Mr Voorheis was always iiiat and
generous, causing him to be well
liked by every one. We know that
tbe community at large sympathizes
with tbe bereaved wife and son iv
the hour of their sorrow.
Suit to Quit Title.
C. C. Luttreil vs. Frank Walker,
administrator of the estate of Win, C.
Koop is suit just begun to force the
latter to quit title to a piece of laud
in 252-7-13, The complaint alleges
that tbe deceased deeded tbe land to
the plaintiff in 1902, but tbat a
clerical error had been made iv the
instrument. It was intended to con
vey 100 acres but by the substitution
of the word "ot" for "and" it ap
peared that only 45 acres were con
veyed, tbougn it stated that tbe tract
contained IGU acres. The defendant
did not notice tbe mistake until a
short time ago, so he now wants tbe
administrator to give him a quit
claim in writing.
Lecture on Alaska
Tuesday evening Dr. Gibbous de
livered a lecture on tbe resources,
climate and natural beauty of Alaska,
which was very well uttended, and
very much appreciated. Tbe affair
was given fur tbe beuefit of St.
Auguatlue'ri Episcopal church, aud
was a financial success. In opening
the doctor spoke of tbe comparative
size of tbut country to the test of the
United iSlutoa, after which views were
thrown ou tbe screen, liulng described
an they chauged. in conclusion he
spoke of Aurora liorealis, the wouder
tul northern lightn, which ho had
seen after a great many hardships.
Dr. Gibbous spent about seveu years
in Alaska, so that all his descriptions
worn as he saw them. The net receipts
amounted to $28 35.
Great Bargain Sale.
Hince Miss ilayford is letiriug from
business, her eutire etock of millinery
is offered at a great reduction. Now
is your chance to get bargains in
plumes, fancy feathers, (lowers, rib
bons, hair braids, felt aud straw
shapes. The- sale will be ou ouly v
abort time, so impiove your oppor
tunity of buying spring goods cheap.
UOCUMENTB RECORDED.
|Thf» rollowlriß Instruments hnvn been fllerl
for record In tun recorder* ofllc«»lnee our last
report. W« publish » complftte list of docu
ment* recorded, And must decline to accede to
any request to auppresa any document from
tlicsn columns. Don't iihli us todo no
]Jeeds.— Kuth and George W.
llniif-y to Mary E. Miller, about !»:!
acres in 25-51), 910.
Knima L. and Frannis M. Petty to
John and Vlrgllio Podenta, 80 ncres
in :il-0-12 and 140 acres in :!()-(! -12,
8210.
Christina T. and N. 11. Hnughman
to Fred A. Merrill, portion ot lot 18
lone, 810.
Mary F. Shealor to George F.,
John L., Samuel G., Sllan I'J., Kobert
and Florence Shealor, an undivided
half interest in real and personal pro
perty left by Silas .1. Sbealor, 810.
(Jeorge F., John L., Samuel G.,
Silas E., Kobert and Florence Shealor
to P. S. Goodman, M. D., about 73
acres in 8-U-ll togethor with three
plows, two barrows and ono pair of
stretches, 810.
Trust Doeds.— Sarah Stevens to
John Glanniul. Florence Giannini,
trustee, 180 acres iv 17-7-10, 81.
Tbis is to secure a loan of 81000 by
John Giannini to Sarah Stevens.
Addie and P. S. Goodman to tbe
Bank of Amador, C. L. Culbert and
J. Chicbizola trustees, 80 acres 1-7-9,
300 acres 15-7-0, 280 acres 3VJ-7-10, 50
acres 5-7-10, 280 acres 29-7-11, lots "J
and 11 and 80 acres in 19-7-11 and 80
acres in 8-U-11 . Ibis is to secure a
loan of 82000 made by tbe bank to
P. S. Goodman.
Deed of Koconveyance. — John and
Florence Giannini to Sarah E.
Stevens. :
Mortgages.— Teresa and F. A. Mer
rill to Gustave Cottell, portion of
lot 18, lone, to seoure a loan of
5450, two years with interest at 8 per
cent.
_ Mary E. and J. H. Miller to George
W. Haney", about 93 acres in 25-5-9,
and certain chattels to secure a loan
of 81500 for one year with interest at
7 per cent.
Decree ot Distribution.— All of
estate left by Horace Wilson assigned
to his widow, Martha Wilson, there
being only one child, a minor son.
Estate is valued at about 81500 and
consists of 160 acres in 26, and 10
acres iv 35-8-13, besides certain
chattels.
Satisfaction of Mortgages. — V. 'and
J. Podesta to F. M. Petty and wife.
Guiseppi Quilici to Georgio An
dreini.
Patents.— U. S. to Horace Wilson,
ICO acres in 2(3-8-13.
U. S. to Horace Wilson, 120 acres
34-8-13.
U. S. to George Griesbach, 10 acres
in '23-7-12.
Certificate of Redemption. — John
Hart, $41.98 being delinquent taxes
of 1905 and 1908 on 110 acres in
23 8-10.
Proofs ot Labor.— Mary Louise
Kaun on Del Kay quartz claim, Jack
son district.
A. W. Kobinson on Live Oak quartz
claim, Volcano mining district.
Notice to Creditors.
Estate of Jobu McCulloh, deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the
undersigned, executor ot tbe last will
and testament of Jobn McCullob, de-
ceased, to tbe creditors of and all
persons having claims against tbe
said deceased, to exhibit them, with
tbe necessary vouchers, witbin four
months after tbe first publication of
tbis notice to tbe said executor, at
the office of Kobert C. Hole, esq.,
Hrown Building, Court street, Jack-
son, California, tbe same being tbe
place for the transaction of tbe busi-
ness of said otsato, in said Amador
county.
Dated, January 2i), 1908.
JOHN O. McCULiLOH,
Executor of tbe last will and testa-
ment of Jobu McCullob. deceased.
Kobert C. Hole,
Attorney for executor. Jan. 31-st.
STOCKTON PRICES
On Groceries
Raisins, best, 2 packages 0.25
Currants, best, 2 packages ... - . ,05
Citron peel, per pound •••--• .20
50 pound sack Flour - . . . . 135
Cranberries, per quart - .10
Maple Syrup, pint can ,20
Canned Corn, 3 cans ,05
5 Pound Package Mush - - . . . .25
Goldon Drip Syrup, per gallon .... f (jo
Imperial Olive Oil . # go
SEND FOR CATALOG and get other pointors.
ROSSI BROS., GROCERS
Cor. Market & Pilgrim Sts-. Stockton. Cal
Mention this ad when writing
SUPERIOR COURT
PROCEEDINGS
HON. R. C. ROST, JUDGE
Estate of (). Zauzucohi.— Petition
for letters of administration by 11. E.
Potter, publio administrator. Estate
cootla'fl of XXX) on deposit with the
postolllce at Jaokeon. A petition had
been tiled by the brother of tne de*
ceaged, claiming that he. -with bis
mother and father were the rluhtful
heirs. This latter petition claim*
only the mothor nml father as tbo
helm. Ibe deceased was killed In
the Fremont mine disaster. February
8 appointed for hearing.
Wheldon vs. Whelden.— Set for
trial February 17.
A. C. llamazottl va. John 11. Spring
et al.- Set for trial February 10.
Estato of Altie M. Barney.— Final
account allowed, and decree ot dis
tribution granted.
Estate of Percy U. Mace.— Fayette
Mace appointed administrator.
Estate of Kuby J. Mace.— Fay ette
Maco appointed administrator.
Estate of O. Zanzacchi.— Continued
until February 8.
Estate of Louis Pnrlandn.— Petition
for letters of administration by Peter
Perlanda, a brother. Estate consists
of personal property valued at about
82(10 Two sisters, one brother and
nieces and nephews are named as
heirs.
Estate of S. W. Bright.— Order con
firming sale of personal property, A.
L. Love of Los Angeles, bid the sum
of 81000 for the ten head of horses
offered for sale.
| Estate of Peter Vokasovicb.—Febru
ary 15 appointed for hearing on peti
tion to set aside tbe whole of estate
for benefit of widow.
Estate of Chas. Smith. -F^b. 15.
appointed to show cause, if any, why
the whole of estate should not be set
aside tor benefit of widow.
Carlo Giovannoni vs. Guiseppi Dal
Porta is a suit tbat has been in the
court for the past couple of days.
Tbe plaintiff alleges that since 1899
tbe defendant has purchased goods
amounting to over 8-1000, and that of
this amount all .but $810 has been
paid, while the defendant claims
tbat be has paid all but about 3160.
New Cases.
C. C. Luttreil vs. Frank Walker,
administrator of the estate of Wm. C.
Koop.— Complaint tiled and sum
mons issued.
Estate of John Andrews.— Annabel
Andrews petition for letters of
administration.— February 15 ap
pointed tor hearing. Deceased died
on January 2, 1908, leaving an estate
estimated at 855U0; consisting of
S4OOO in real estate; horses and cattle
SIOOO, and furniture, etc The peti
tioner is tbe surviving widow; other
heirs are Anna M. Pendleton, nee
Andrews, aged 23. lrma E. Andrews,
aged 22; Cbas. L Andrews, aged 20;
Francis W. Andrews 18; John K.
Andrews, 0 and Allen \V. Andrews IS
months.
Pioneek Flour always has been
and still is tbe best.
Notice to Creditors.
In the superior court of the county
of Amador, state of California.
bstate of Domenico Podesta, de-
ceased.
.Notice is hereby given by tbe
undersigned administratrix of the
estate of Domeuico Podesta, deceased,
to fhe creditors ot Jand all persons
having claims against the said de-
ceased, to exhibit them, with the
necessary vouchers, within four
months after the Hist publication of
tbis notice to the said administratrix
at tbe law office of Wm. 'J. Suvder,
at Jackson, Amador county, Cali-
fornia, the same being tbe place for
the transaction of tbe business of
said estute, in said Amador county.
Dated, Jan. 28, 1908.
MAKV J. KOX,
Administratrix of tbe estate of
Domeuico Podesta, deceased.
56
Clipped from our Exchanges
From Near-by Counties.
The many friends and acquaintances
of Kube K. McCoy will regret to
learn of his death which ocourred In
Unit Thursday morning, shortly niter
10 o'clock. For over a year the com
paratively young man has suffered
from tuberculosis, which was the
cause of death. Kube K. McCoy wan
a native of Cnilfornla, born nt Vol
cano, Amador county, July 8, 1875,
aged 32 years, ('• months and 22 days,
ills parents tire still Jivin«--tlin
father, U. K. McCoy, resides at Vol
cano, while bia mother, Mrs Ellen
McCoy, imd a brother and sister 11.
M. McCoy and Minnie McCoy, make
their homes Id Hacrameuto. He
leaves a married sister residing in
.Sun Francisco, Airs Lizzie Hill, be
sides a brother, A. K. McCoy of Jack
eon. Home few years ago ho was
married to Misa Pearl Hicks of this
place. The widow survives him, but
there was no issuo. Rube K. McCoy
was a member of Liodi Aerie No. 848,
*'. 0. J'i. and bis lodge brothers have
been very kind, considerate and
generous to him during his protracted
illness.— Ualt (Jazette.
Everything ia now running as of
yore in trie Utica Company's mines
in this town. The damage to the
Cross shaft occasioned by the acci
dental explosion ot powder therein
about two weeks ago has been re
paired and the usual complement of
miners were put to work last Mon
day.— Kecord.
The main tunnel of the Morgan
mine at Carson Hill is being cleared
of debris for the purpose of admitting
a party of English experts to the
underground works to secure samples
of the ore and enter into an examina
tion of the lode. The samples are
to be sent to England, where a com
pany 'is now negotiating with the
owners of the famous Morgan mine
for its purchase. — Angels Kecord.
About seventy-live men are now at
work for the Union Construction
Company near Camp 31, building a
flume, and also working in the saw
mill. An additional force of men
will be employed in a short time.—
Angels Kecord. '
Deer are said to be vory numerous
in this vicinity and are quite tame.
One day last week Steve Gardella, the
driver of (the San Andreas stage,
while en route to this place, dis
covered three near the old Donallan
ranob. Two of them were bucks and
were standing in an open Held close
to the road, whilo in the field on tie
opposite side of the road was a largo
doe. As Steve drove along the two
bucks jumped the wire fence on tbo
side of the road not ten feet, ahead of
his horses and joining the doe the
trio stood and watched the stage
until it was out of sight. A number
of deer have also been seen in the
1 vicinity of tho Boston mine during
the last few days. The cold weather
in the mountains has evidently driven
them down from their accustomed
haunts. It is extremely provoking,
but if you are v law-abiding citizen
you won't shoot them until after July
15th, next. — Mok. Chronicle.
The supervisors of Calaveras and
Amador counties met in joint session
at the Camancbe bridge., noar the
town of Camancbe, on Monday the
27th hist. , tor the purpose of inspect
ing the new steel structure just com
pleted by the Canton Bridge Co., of
Canton, Ohio. This bridge is a
stool- structure; main span 15b feet,
with steel approach, making the
entire length 330 teet. The old
wooden structure washed away during
last season's floods and both counties
joined in erecting tbe new bridge,
cost to both counties being about
' 61)71)0, and from all accounts we now
have a permanent and cheap bridge.
Tbe bridge was accepted and is now
open for travel. — Mok. Chronicle.
Two interesting curiosities owned
by Mrs C. A. Wright may be seen at
thu K. A. Baird home, near Lancba
Plans. Une as a large and perfoot
piece of petrified honey, weighing
nine and one-half pounds. Tbe piece
is perfect, each cell showing plainly.
The other is a line piece of petrified
vonsion. The grain of the meat may
be seen clearly and on oue side,
where tbe meat has been cut with a
dull knife, the libers show very plain
ly.—Citizen.
On Wednesduy Bombard ilamtuer
wont to Newman, Stanislaus county,
where he arid Minn Carrie Blaut were
married at the home of tbo brido's
sister, Mrs J. Blum, liev. Dr. Ellin
ger being the otUciating minister.
The bride is an accomplished young
woman wboae home is in ilroolclyn,
Amy York. Bon la well known to all
in thla community as a young man of
exemplary habits. He lv one of the
prosperous buttiueas rnon of lone. —
Echo.
Tho supervisors of I'll Dorado and
Amudor counties have accepted the
Wisconsin Bar bridge. — IJemoorat.
Last Thursday at 7:30 a. in. at tbe
residence of Mr and Mrs T. J. imwu,
USIU Q street, a quiet wedding took
place. The contracting parties -wero
J. 11. lloneychurch and Miss Mary
Epling, both . formerly of Amndor
City, Key. C. 10. Crumley ofliolatina.
Mr and Mrs lloneychurcb left for
»n n Francisco and Han Joso for n
brief visit. On their return they
will reside at 1513 Eighteenth street.
—Sao. Union.
The Everett ense whioh was on trial
in tbe superior court last week, went
to tbe Jury at a late hour {Saturday
night. There was not a vory long
deliberation of that body and a ver
dict of guilty as obargod was tender
ed. Everett appeared in court Mon
day, and tbe passing of sentence was
fixed for February '24tb at which time
a motion for new trial and tbe matter
of appeal will be taken up.— Prospect.
Land and Mineral Decisions.
Reportod by Woodford IJ. Ilnrlun. Lund Attor
ney, Washington. D. C.
Residence— Cannot be established
through tbe acts of another.
Settlement— One who goes upon
land covered by an existing entry,
with intent to acquire tbe same as a
homestead, and purchases tbe relin
qulsnment of said entry, together
with the Improvements and household
effects of the cntrymun, and there
upon assumes possession of the pre
mises, initiates a right superior to
the claim of another who, with full
knowledge of said facts, subsequent
ly, and prior to the filing ot the re
ltnquiabment, settles on said land.
Practice— Papers nre not filed when
received at tbe local olllce during a
vacancy in tbeotlloe of .either register
or receiver.
Mineral— Argioultural— The exist
ence of gold in non-paying quantities
will not preclude agricultural entry
of the land.
llomostead-Towuslte— An entry im
properly allowed of land reserved tor
townsite purposes by tbe act of March
3, 1877, may be permitted to stand,
when subsequently tbe town is disin
corporated, and no adverse claim
exists.
Final Proof— Supplemental proof
should be required when the testi
mony is evasive and incomplete.
Coal JLands.— An application to
purchase cannot be allowed if made
in the interest of another who has
exhausted bis right.
THE PERFECT WAY.
Scores of Jackson Citi
zens Have Learned It-
If you suffer from backache.
There is only one way to cure it.
The perfect way is to cure the kid
neys.
A bad back means siok kidneys.
Neglect it, urinary troubles follow.
Doan's Kidney I'iils are made I'm
kidneys only.
Are endorsed by Jackson people.
Mrs E. Boden, living in Newmans
ville, Jackson, Cai., says: "JJoan's
kidney pills have been used in my
family and the results were most
satisfactory. 'My brother flrst advis
ed me to try tbem while suffering
severely from kidney trouble. 1 had
been bothered with severe pains in
my back for a long time and dually
became so run down that 1. could
hardly got around. My back wus
very painful and tbe pains were no
severe at night that 1 could not sleep.
My kidneys were very irregular and
gave me great annoyance, 1 suffered
from headaches and dizzy spells
bothered me a great deal. At lust
Doan's Kidney Pills were brought to
my attention, and I procured a box
at the City Pharmacy. They helped
me from tbe first, 1 continued taking
them and ns a result received a com
plete cure."
Kor sale by all dealers. Price 50
cents. Koster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo,
New York, sole agents for the United
States.
Kemember tbe name— Doan'B — aud
take no other.
Japs Never Take Cold.
There nre runny publio baths la
Japan, but nearly every private house
haa one either in the house Itself* or
adjacent to it. .
The ordinary bath consists ot a
large woodeu tub oval in shape and
fitted with a cover, liefore ho enters*
the tub the bather thoroughly lathers
himsolf from head to foot and washes
the Buds off by mentis ot a woodou
ladle or dipper. He then Bits in the
tub immersed up to his chin for
several minutes, euduring a degree of
hunt by which a European would bo
well nigh parboiled.
When Japan first began to study
tho methods ot western nations tho
excessive heat of the buths wus
strongly coudernued, arid a law was
made that the water in the putiliu
baths Hhoiild be only moderately heat
ed. This caused great discontent, so
a committee composed of European
and Japanese medical men was up
pointed to decide the question. The
verdict was in favor of the national
custom, which was pronounced to be
not only harmless, but beneficial.
The high teuiporuture of the water
was said to opeu the pores of the skin
thoroughly, eveu without tho use of
soap, arid a healthy action of the skirt
and oleauliuess were buou rod whioh it
was impossible to got with un.y
amount of washing in ooid or no
culled hot butht).
AMADOU LVA)GK\U JACKSON, CAL
A Square Deal
fs assured yon when you buy T)r. Pierced
family medicines— for all thfl« Ingredi
ents entering Into thorn arc printed nn
the bottle-wrappers nnd their formulas
nro attested under oath as being complete
nnd correct. You know just what yon »ro
paying for and that tho Ingredient! are
gathered from Nature's laboratory, being
selected from tho most valuable halite
medicinal mots found crowing in our
American forestrrradjyhllc potent to cure
nre p«rfeCTto harml^ftOjttnto tho most
delicate woiiifflt^WchlMliTrfr' Not n, drop
Aj^jJcTilii!tpTr»" u » 11 1131 13 .'jfV'n^vOuffti:
tCiuiuß 'II" 1 ■i' ro i?vrv | 'v t^""i .■i"'ifl'tu"aj
principle!* utcirTTnTirm.-Vlz.-^wiijEH?
reJined glycerin". Tins agent possesses
j ii i LrlnsTo iix <i icliial properties of Ita own,
being ft most, vultiablo antiseptic and anti
ferment, nutritive and soothing ilcmul
(il'veerlno plays nn Important part In
Dr. l'lcrce's Golden Medical Discovery In
tho euro of indigestion, dyspepsia and
weak stomach, attended by sour risings,
heart-burn, foul breath, coated tongue,
poor appetite, gnawing feeling In stom
ach, biliousness and kindred derango
ments of tho stomach, liver nnd bowels.
Hesldes curing fill tho above distressing
aliments, the" (lolden Medical Discovery"
Is a specific for all diseases of tho mucous
membranes, ns catarrh, whether of tho
nnsul passages or of tho stomach, bowels
or pelvic organs. Even In Its ulceratlvc
stages it will yield to this sovereign rem
edy if Its use be persevered In. In Chronic
Catarrh of tho Nasal passages. It Is well,
wlillo taking tho "Golden Medical Dis
covery " for the necessary constitutional
treatment, to cleanso tho passages freely
two or three times a day with Dr. Sago's
Catarrh Ilemody. This thorough course
of treatment generally cures the worst
cases.
In eoiifths and hoarseness caused by bron
chial, throat ami lunir affections, except con
gumption In Its advanced stnifcs, the "Uoldeu
Mcdicul Discovery" Is a most cfllelcnt rem
edy, especially In those obstinate, hans-on
couifhs caused by irrltatton and congestion of
the bronchial mucous membranes. The "Dls"
covery " Is not so good for acute couehs aris
ing from sudden colds, nor must It be ex
pected to cur. 1 consumption In Its advanced
stages— no miv.liclne will do tlint— but for all
th«i obstinate, chronic; roughs, which, If neir
lected, or badly treated, lead ud to consump
tion. It Is the tiiwi medlclno that can bo taken.
ARSENIC EATERS.
Effects of the Drug on the Styrians,
Who Make It.
"Eating of arsenic is common in
Btyria," said Alois E. Steinzlerl of
Vienna, a manufacturer of chenjlcals
nod drugs. "The Styrlaus say that ar
senic makes one plump and comely
and gives, one strength for great exer
tions, such as running or mountain
climbing. Styria, which Is In Austria,
gives the world vast quantities of ar
senic. The manufacture of this drug
is Indeed the main Styrian Industry.
They who make arsenic eat It, as a
rule, for they say that only the arsenic
eater can withstand the arsenic fumes.
These makers and eaters of the drug
are comely. They have a clear color
nnd look much younger than they are.
"The foreman in a certain factory
told me that in his boyhood, when he
first came to that plant, he was ad
vised to, begin to cat arsenic lest his
health suffer from tho fumes. He did
begin, and his flrst two or three small
floses gave him a sharp pain, like a
burn, In the stomach, and this pain
wns followed by tremendous hunger
and a violent disagreeable excitement.
But as his (loses increased In frequen
cy and size their effect became pleas
ant There was no longer pain or ex
citement. On the contrary, there wore
a ravenous appetite nnd n mood of Joy
ous activity wherein the youth could
do three men's work.
"This chap by tho time he {,'ot to be
thirty was taking four grains of ar
senic a day. lie looked nt thirty, with
his clear pink and white color, no more
than twenty-three. He was as robust
as a blacksmith. But he said he would
die at forty-five or so, that being the
ago at which all the Styrian arsenic
eaters die."— Washington Herald.
GEESE IN BERLIN.
Rigid Inspection of tho Fowls Imported
Into the City.
The traffic in geese at Berlin amounts
to nearly $2,000,000 a year. As tbo do
mestic supply is wholly inadequate, a
special goose train of from fifteen to
forty cars arrives daily from the Itus-
Elan frontier. Each car is specially
built and carries about 1,200 geese,
There Is a rigid Inspection by sanitary
officials Immediately upon the arrival
of the train.
Should It be found that a single
goose has died or been ill of a conta
gious dlsciiKe in transit the entire car
load is quarantined for eight days. If
during this period of quarantine an
other goose should die, the quarantine
Is extended for eight days, at a cost of
about $500 to tho owners. Tho penalty
attaching to the bringing in of diseased
geese makes the owners extremely
careful to Import only sound and
healthy fowls. Tho geese which arc
plump and ready for market are sold
to dealers nt the close of the Inspec
tion", The rest, comprising the great
majority, go to feeding farms in the
suburbs of the city to bo fattened for
market.
There is a special market near the
great market place nt which bracken—
namely, geese Injured en route, but
having no disease — nre sold at a re
duced price. Twenty-one different va
rieties of tho Kusslun gooso are com
mercially recognized, and the whole
sale price varies from 44 to CO cents a
bird.— Chicago Itecord-llerald.
Solitudo Cures Crying.
"The bent way to cure yourself of
crying Is to live alone," Bald the wo
man. "I used to cry an awful lot when
1 was married, but I hardly over do
now. Ifs tho saddest thing in the
world to hear youriielf crying all alone
In your flat, and what's tho me any
way if there is nobody around to say
There, there! 1 "—New York Proas,
Ktirruors, meuhunics, railroaders,
laborers rely on l)r Thomas 1 Koluu
trio Oil. Takes the it'Ofl out of cuts,
bui'iirt or braliei «t ouoo, I'uiu oan>
not stay whore it is used.
SNAILS FOR FOOD.
Stores Devoted Entirely to Them' In
Many Cities of Europe.
Frnnce la the premier snail produc
ing nation, nit hough Austria, iv^rvnrln.
and Switzerland have thousands of
snail farms, whero the famous osear
gols nre raised nnd fattened on vine
leaves. The demand for snails In
France Is far too great for tho supply
to be loft to fhnnco, and thttfl It comes
about that snnll funning Ifl nn Impor
tant Industry. I'nrln nloilO consumes
million* liotwcen September nnd May,
when these little CtGfltlirefl are nt their
best. ,
In great cities of EuropO nro stores
devoted entirely to them, each orna
mented by nn Immense gilt snnll over
tho door ns n sign. Iltiga tubs of
snails In tho rough nro displayed, nnd
there nro besides dishes of carefully
prepared niollusks all reiuly for cut ing.
Thcso have been cooked, extracted
from tUolr shells nnd minced. The
meat Is then mixed with butter, chop
ped parsley nud herbs, nnd tho shells,
trimmed nnd made attractive, are re
filled with this prepared paste.
Tho most popular snails today come
from Dijon nnd Macon, In Burgundy,
where they nre fed on vine leaves, nnd
the parks, as tho local Biinll fnrms are
called, open their gates In the month
of August, when the little creatures
bestir themselves actively. — Chicago
News.
AN ANCIENT BIBLE.
Valuable Manuscript Treasured In
the Cottonian Library.
In tbe Cottonian library In England
is nn old manuscript copy of n part of
the Bible in Latin. This was used at
the coronation of English sovereigns
300 years before the "stone of des
tiny" wns brought from Scone to West
minster by Edward I. In other words,
the use of this Bible for the purpose
In question dated back to the year
1000.
The Bible Is a quarto of 217 leaves,
containing the four gospels, and seems
from tbe style of the writing and Il
luminations, which are very beauti
ful, to have been made about the end
of the ninth century.
The Testament escaped destruction
in tbe fire at Ashburnham House in
1731, of which It bears evidence on Ita
crumpled leaves and ruined margins.
There is some evidence that the son
of Edward the Elder, Athelstan the
Glorious, who was king of the west
Saxons from 925 to 940, owned this
Bible and presented it to the church
of Dover.— Philadelphia Record.
Would Choose His Company.
In the west, some twenty years ago.
there lived a goo^l man who gave up a
part of his time to teaching the In
dians the Christian faith. On one of
-his trips he stopped at tbe 'ranch of a
well to do nnd very religious Swede
and requested n night's lodging.
The Swede thought a great deal of
the missionary and disliked to offend
him, but he also disliked extremely
bavins n pack of dirty, greasy Indians
hangingabout his place, so, nfter much
hemming and hawing, he stated his ob
jections.
"But there Indians are Christians,
my good brother, and If you can't
abide with them for a single night here
on earth how do you expect to dwell
In heaven with thorn through all eter
nity?" inquired the Indignant mission
ary.
Tho Swede was perplexed, but, nfter
thoughtfully scratching his head a mo
ment, he said, "The Bible says that in
my father's house are many mansions,
an' I tank I hnf a separate house."—
Llppincott's Magazine.
William Morris In Court.
In one of the London police courts
over which Mr. Newton presided— the
Thames, I think — Morris protested
ngainst the magistrate's sentence on
his comrade and called, out "Shame!"
in court and, being roughly hustled by
the police, resisted them nnd was in
stantly arrested arid placed in the
dock. The magistrate, In entire igno
rance of the identity of the unusual
looking prisoner, asked Morris who he
was, nnd bo replied, "I. am William
Morris, artist and poet; pretty well
known throughout Europe, I believe."
This had tho effect of bringing about
his Immediate release, but' Morris said
afterward that It was the only time he
had had to bounce about himself, nnd
he would never do It again.— Walter
Crane's Reminiscences.
Didn't Matter Much.
Would Bo Passenger (out of breath
from running)— When does the half
past 5 train leave?
Porter— Five thirty. '
Passengers-Well, the church clock is
twenty-seven minutes past, the post
office clock Is twenty-five minutes past,
nnd your clock Is thirty-two minutes.
Now, which clock am Ito go by? .
Porter— Yer can go by nny clock yet
like, but yer can't go by the trnlu, fot
it's gone.— London Scraps.
The Censor.
"Does your wife assist you in your
workV" queried the horse reporter. "I
Bee her at your desk often."
"Yes," replied tho self confessed hu
morist. "She destroy! all my wlfo and
mother-in-law Jokes."— Chicago News.
The Case Altered.
In Franco they call gray hair "a lit
tle dust from tho road of llf<\" which
1b certainly very poetical. Hut when
you find "a little dust from tho road of
life" in your butter tho poetry van*
Ishes at once.
When we make a poor guess we real
ize that to err Is human, but when wo
make a good one we are convinced that
foresight is a mutter of intellectual
superiority.
Sj» McCALL ■* -r. T /M . • / [
!•«-««- L J. Glavinovich !
• — .
S LEADING GROCERY STORE •
• Orlo Grockries, Dry Goods, •
2 ~i) Furnishing Goods, Boots, jfc •
Z a Shoes, Toilet Articles, •
2 c Hardware, .Miners' Sup- *
S i plies, Hay, Grain, Etc. •
• N *
. , .___ j
2 Cor. Main & Court Streets •
! JACKSON, - - CAL. Hl§|{
— 11^ ...
!Ncar MARTELL STATION, Cal. i
1111 1 1 o i
Delightful climate, pleasantly situated, and easy of access.
Open for tho treatment of all surgical and medical cases, except !
contagious and mental diseases. Fully equipped with all modern ap-
, pliances, including X-Ray Outfit, Hot-Air Baths, etc. i
Any reputable physician is at liberty to bring cases to the in- '
; stitution, under his own exclusive treatment and supervision. '
Trained nurses in attendance. Terms reasonable.
I • SBOAttD OF MANAGERS: ,
P. S. GOODMAN, M. D. L. E. PHILLIPS, M. D.
' Sutter Creek. aDI9 Jackson.
■
1 .
• NOETF WAIN STREET JACKSON, CAL •
] CITY MEAT MARKET, j
• CEO. L. THOMAS & CO. •
® *
jj Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, Hams, •
• Corned Beef, Lard, Bacon,' Etc. Z
• At lowest market prices. ... Orders promptly delivered. •
50 YEARS THE STANDARD.
1
■ '
In all that time there has not
been any Flour put out that
gives the satisfaction that
PIONEER FLOUR does.
—MANUFACTURED BY—
j
© PIONEER FLOOR MILLS. SUSUIEITO- © ,
FOR RENT
The Webb Store Building
35x80 feet, either as a whole or
in two separate Stores. The
largest and handsomest builds
ing in Jackson, located in the
in the. business center.
Suitable for any merchandi-
zing purpose. A splendid oppor-
tunity for business in a thriv-
ing city.
• > ■■■'
For full particulars apply toOFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National Government.
EXECUTIVE!
President Theodoro Roosevelt
Vice President.. Charles W. FalibJiks
JUDICIARY
U. 8. SUPHKME COURT JUBTICKS
(Chief Justlco Fuller)
First circuit Oliver W. Holms
Second circuit.... llufus W. Pcckham
Third circuit....... Henory W. Brown
Fourth circuit Melville W. Fuller
Fifth circuit Edward w. White
Sixth circuit John M. llarlan
Seventh circuit William II Day
Eight circuit David J. Brewer
Ninth circuit. Joseph McKonna
NINTH JUDICAL CIRCUIT
(Pacific States and Territories)
Circuit judge William \V. Morrow
Circuit judge E&klro M. ttoss
Circuit judgo ". .William B. Gilbert
U. S. Commissioner for Amador coun
ty Richard Webb
LEGISLATIVE
SENATORS PROM CALIFORNIA
Georgo C. Perkins and Frank P. Flint
CONGRESSMEN FROM CALIFORNIA
First district Wm. Englebright
Second district. ..Duncan E. McKinlay
Third distract) . . . .Joseph K. Knowland
Fourth district Julius Kuhn
Fifth district E. A. Hayes
Sixth district James C. Ncodham
Seventh district James McLachlan
Eighth district S. C. Smith
State Government.
EXECUTIVE
"Governor James N. Gillett
Lieut-Governor Warren R. Porter
Secretary of State Charles P. Curry
Controller ..A. B. Nye
Treasurer Wm. R. Williams
Attorney-General Ulysses S. Webb
•Surveyor-General.. Wm. S. Klngsbury
Supt. State Printiug. . W. W. Shannon
Clerk Supreme Court... F. L. Caughey
JUDICARY
SUPREME COURT
Chief Justice.. Wm. H. Beaty
Associate Justice T. B. McFarland
Associato Justice F. W. Henshaw
Associate Justice . . . W. G. Lorigan
Associate Justice F. M. Angellottl
Assoctate Justice Luclan Shaw
Associato" Justice.: . .;.."..".M . C. Sloss
APPELLATE JUSTICES
First district James A. Cooper
First district Samuel P. Hall
First district Frank 11. Kerrigant
Second district Matthew T. Alfen
Second district James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw
Third district Norton P. Chipman
Thi.id district Albert G. Burnett
Third district Elijah C. Hart
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
First district Joseph H Scott
Second district Alex Brown
Third district Richard E. Collins
Fourth district Joff D. McElvalne
RAILROAD COMMISSION
First district Alex C. Twrin
Second district Andrew M. Wilson
Third district.. Theodore Summerland
LEGISLATIVE
Senator, 10th district A. Caminetti
Assemblyman. 11th dist. .G. F. Snydcr
U. S. LAND OFFICE
[Sacramento]
Register John F. Armstrong
Receiver Will A. Nowcum
County Government.
Superior Judge Hon. R. C. Rust
Sheriff & Tax Collector. ..US Gregory
Deputy W. T. Connors
District Attorney C. P. Viclni
Clerk and Auditor J. R. Huberty
Deputy. ■ L. Newman
Recorder D. A. Patterson
Deputy L. G. Meehan
Treasurer George A. Grltton
Assessor C. E. Jarvls
Deputy George A. Gordon
Surveror , Wm. Brown
Supt. of 5ch015.....W. H. Groenhalgh
Supt. Hospital .F. B. LoMoln
Physician E. K. Endicott, M.'D.
Corner & Public Admr... ll. E. Potter
Court Commissioner. . . .Geo A Gordon
HOARD Ol<" SUPERVISORS
Township 1 ... .John Strohm,. Jackson
Township 2W. Amlck,[Chairman]lone
Township 3 A. Grlllo, Volcano
Township 41). A. Frasor Butter Creek
Township 5 L. Uurke, Plymouth
JUSTICES OF THE PKACK
Township No. 1.... A. Goldnor
Township No. 2 T. H. Gartlin
Township No. 3....... A. W. Uoblneon
Township No. 4 W. L. Rose
Township No. 6.... John Blower
OONS'I'AHLKS
Township No. 1 A. Laverone
Township No. 2 J. 10. Kelley
Township Xo. 8 T. C. MeKenze
Township No. 1...., T. S. Tuttto
TownshlpNcC N. K. Wheeler
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weekly for the ledger.
linßorvod Writing.— ihiHt from the
Sun. --Dully Appenrnnco of Alie
robes.—Steering the Diet by Chart.
— Safety Under Pressure.— Worms as
Tree Planters.— A Mine Testing
Lnnip. — Improving the Eleotrlo Aio.
—Gas Engine Fiist Aid,
In the curious case recorded by Dr.
Vaughan I'endred.'of Coveutry, Kng. ,
a bright lnd of six, who hus beeu
making tapid progress with tils pen
and is proud of his success, gwrltes
with equal facility forward or back
ward. VViuin acting by himself, he
begins at the right, band side of the
paper aud writes to the left. From
copy he writes normally, but, on be
ing asked, declares that tho "minor
writing" is the correct lorm. Such
writing seems to be loos rare than in
supposed. Among several hundred
persons in good health a medical
investigator some yours ago found
more than live per cent to whom
mirror-writing was natural, but it
appeared that these persons were
either lett-hauded or temporarily us
ing the left baud. In a mirror the
left hand reversed writing of right
handed persons showed , the usual
characteristics of nand-writiug. .The
peculiarity is especially common
among expert penmen, and seoina |,to
be still more trequent in nervous and
cererbal disease. An attempt was
made to explain it by the {bilateral
action of the brain. The right hand
is normally guided by the left cere
bral cortex, and it was shown that it
this instead of the right cerebral
cortex should primarily control the
left hand, that hand would write
backward.
The puzzling phenomena of the
earth's atmosphere— especially those
of the aurora— are found by Svante
Arrheuius to be best explained as
effects of solar dust. The influx of
such dust would be greatest when the
sun is most active, and it is then that
aurorae and magnetic storms—attri
buted to the dust when electrified—
are most numerous, and clouds also
are especially abundant. Jupiter
shares in the dust, becoming lighter
in hue in sunspot maxima, owing to
increased cloudiness.
The air is found by Prof. Miquel of
Montsouris to contain most microbes
at nino in the morning and nine in
the evening; fewest at three in the
morning and three in afternoon.
The mechanical diet indicator of
Prof. Irving Fisber, of Yale Univers
ity, is designed to show automatically
the proteid, fat and carbohydrate in
any dietary, aud it not only indicates
the proportions but also points out
the easiest way to bring the ration up
to a given standard. The machine
consists of an iron upright nine
inches high, from which is suspended
a basket holding a card printed with
a right-angled triangle as a "food
map." Kaeh individual tood has its
own location. The "latitude" of any
food represents in calories the food
value of its proteid; the "longi
tude," food value in fat; and dis
tance from the hypothenuse, value in
carbohydrate. Serving each food in
portions of 100 calories of food value,
or some multiple, a weighted pin for
each portion is placed on the map.
The weights tepresent the food value
of the ration, their positions show the
percentages of protoid, fat and carbo
hydrate, and when the basket is
allowed to swing freely a pointer in
dicates on the map the center of
gravity of the pins. The map is so
gauged that a properly balanced
ration will bring the center of gravity
within a charted "normal rectangle."
In a trial of live months, nine stud
ents were guided largely by appetite,
and by noting the indications of the
map were able easily tv vary the diet
so as to reduce the proteid to a stand
ard set as desirable.
investigating the effect of com
pressed air on health, two Hritisb
engineers have sho>vu that a pressure
of 92 pounds per square inch— more
than six atmospheres— may be endur
ed without unpleasant results. The
pressure muut be taken olf at a uni
form rate, however, at least twenty
minutes being allowed for each
Ufteeu pounds of reduction, and
capillary circulation in tho body
must be kept up by muscular exercise
during compression. Slight tempor
ary neuralgic pain in the onus was the
only ill eti'eot of the great pressure.
That earthworms as well as squirrels
may aid tho forester is the novel sug
gestiou ot an American naturalist.
Dry maple-seeds aro drawn into worm
burrows, where they sprout, and it
in believed that some ot them must
survive in favorably moist seasons.
The new rniuers' lamp of Santa aud
Spelmaus, of llrusseU, U denigned
to give warning of danger, and is
based on tbe principle that a Humo
like that of benzine remains conataut
FRIDAY. FISHIUJAKY 7,' 1!M)8
>n size and hrightneee under constant
conditions but Is Increased by such a
gaa na fire dump nnd reduced by enr
bonlii aoirl. The lamp has a pro
tective cosing of* wire-gauze provided
with external cooling ribs. It ih sur
mounted by a refractory chimney,
through the opposite sides ot which
puss the olernonta ot a thermopile,
and any variation of current is shown
l iy a galvanometer In connection with
these elements. If the flame is made
larger and hotter by the preaencfe of
fire-damp, the thnrtno elements are
olfeoted, an Increase of current In
tensity being Indicated by the gal
vanometer ueedln. Carbonic acid
gns, reduolng the flame, la similarly
signaled by v roduutlou on tbe gal
vanometer scale and v recording
apparatus j connected with tho gal
vanometer may be made to keep a
record of the varying conditions in
diiferont parts of the mine's) work
ings.
The eleotrlo arc from tho Incande
scence ot carbon eloctrodes .converts
into light only about ono per cent of
tho energy, and the so-called ! "flam
ing arc" Is an nttompt to gain ollic.i
eucy by adding to the carbon sub
atancea that] produce a luminous
flame. Knportiug tbe latest results,
Prof. A. Klnudel, the French elec
trician, states that ealtaof the calcium
group have proven suitable materials.
The pure chemicals may be used tor
electrodes or employed in a homo
geneous mixture with carbon, but
electrodes of carbon with a core of
tbe chemicals hove advautngoa. A
lamp with such electrodes, giving a
powerful light, luis much greater
efficiency than uny other. Tho qual
ity of the light may be varied, but
tbe olemonts of the calcium group
are best to use, as they not only give
out red and yellow rays but nre freer
from ultra-violet radiations than tbe
iron or titanium area.
Gas poisoning from gas engines has
become so common that German
authorities urge that cylinders of
oxygen be kept near, and that engi
neers be taught to apply inhalations
to' resuscitate victims.
EM FOR OVKK SEVENTY TEABS If
9 Schenck'g Mandrake Pills hor* been In H
M u»« whlla imitators have appeared and E
DH disappeared. No medical preparation X
H| could hoM its |>I»cu no long without HI
H| genuine merit. H9|
i SCHENCK'S MANDRAKE PILLS I
H "Liven the Liver" ||
MB and reitorn Biliousness, Liver Com- Bg|
MJ plaint. Indigestion, Oonatipation, Sick m
9 Headache, Nausea, Giddinesn, Malaria, Eg I
98 Heartburn, Flatulency, Jaundice, etc. HI
D Purely Vegetable. Absolutely Harmless B
Ha , Fof Sale Every where. 131
tS Plain orSugar Coated. jy
fe3 »S cents a Box, or by mail* *HI
BL Dr. J. H. Schenck & Son, fl
l^jj^ Philadelphia. Pa.
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this liotul, not exited-
Ing 5 lines, will be Inserted at 50c par raontn, or
5 cents per line for less than ono montb.
A LL kinds of Blanks for U. S. Lund BMUnus-
** Homostoad, Timber and Mineral blunks—
muy uolmd ut tba Ledger oCTice; also deeds
mortgages, mining locations, proof of labor
and otber legal blanks kept for sale.
Mining Signals on clotb, required
to be posted in all mines, for sale ut
tbe Ledger oltice.
For Sale— Lot of benches, formerly
used in Webb hall; 0 and 8 teet long;
suitable for show plaoe,ohurohes, etc.
Will be sold clump; apply at Lodger
office.
Acknowledgment blanks for nota-
ries, specially printed for Anindor
county, may bo had at tbe Ledger
office. Price 500 per packet ot 50.
Copies of tbe license ordinance of
tbe City of Jackson in pamphlet form
may be had at the Ledger office; price
15c. eaoh.
For Hale or Kent.— Tbe Johna nouee
and lot opposite skitting rink on
Hroadway streot, Jaokson. Inquire
of Win. (.5. Suyder, Jackson, Cal.
For Hale— Sam Loree ranch, 120
acres, small bonne, burn, orchard,
vineyard, eight miles above .Suitor
Crenk. Wm. J. McUee.
Cheap for oiifh.— Ono gentle mare
with harness complete, and light
spriug wagon. Apply at E. S. Pitois,
Jaoksou.
b"or Kent— Two front rooms In the
Webb hall building, pultable for
oillcus. Apply at Ledger ottiue.
Furnished Koorus to let: inquire at
LoilKor otfioe.
FOR BALK— Horse aud Jiu«gy.—
Mare 7 years old, gentle and re-
liable lv every way, perteqtly sound,
weight about 1200 pounds, thoroughly
broken to single or double bunion*
aud saddle. Also good top buggy
aud single harness. An opportunity
to secure a first class rig cheap, lu-
quire ot l'ete I'odestu, Enterprise
(Stable, Jackson, L'al. ' lIMJ tf
DRIVER ANTS.
Th« Vtmy Th«M Ferocious Little In*
wctt Defy the Freahets.
There am certain nnts thnt Bhow
Wonderful Inteilfgfflpe, and tho "driver
nnta" not only build boats, but Inuuob
them ton. Only ihoso boats nro formed
Of tliolr own bodies.
They are called "drlvors" bemuse of
their ferocity, Nothing can stand be
fore the ntlncks of therw llttlo cron
turcs. Lorgo.pythons bnvo been Killed
by them In n slngln night, Willie chick
ens, lizards nnd other animals In west
ern Africa Hoc from them In terror.
To protect the tn selves from the heat
they erect nrchefl, under which nnmer
'His Rfm log of them pass In safety.
BornetlfnOS tho nfeh Is made of grafts
and enrth and Is gummed together by
Rome secretion, niul ngaln It Is formed
l\v tho bodies of tho larger ants, which
hold themselves together by their
strong nippers wbllo tho workers pass
under them.
At certain tlmos of the year freshets
Overflow the country Inhabited by the
"drivers," nnd It Is then that these ants
go to sea. The rnln conies suddenly,
uud the wnlls of their houses are
broken In by tbe flood; but, Instead of
COrnlng to tho Hiirfnce In scattered hun
dreds nnd being swept off to destruc
tion, out of the ruins rises a black
hall thnt rides safely on the water and
drifts away.
At the first warning of danger the
little creatures run together and form
a solid body of nntS, the weaker In the
center. Often this ball is larger than
a caramon cricket bull, and in this way
they float about until they lodge
against some tree, upon the branches
of which they nro soon safe nud sound.
— Pearson's Weekly.
GOVERNMENT ANIMALS.
Branding Them Is Provided For by
Army Regulations.
Whenever you sec the letters "U.
S." branded on the left fore shoulder
of an animal, make up your mind at
once that that benst Is or was at one
time the property of our rich old Un
cle Sam.
Then again If you knew the key to
the system of branding utilized by the
quartermaster's department. United
States army, you would In a moment
be able to tell the organization of the
army to which that animal was as
signed immediately after purchase by
the government.
Branding public nnlmals is not a
matter of choice, but Is provided for
by the army regulations, which direct
that-
"I'ubllc animals shall upon the day
received be branded with the letters
'U. S. on tho left fore shoulder.
Horses assigned to organizations will
also be branded on the hoof of one
fore foot one and one-half Inches below
the coronet with the designation of the
cornpauy. F.randlug Irons of uniform
size and design will be supplied by
the quartermaster's department, let
ters 'U. S. to be two Inches in height,
letters and numbers of hoof brands
on the same line to be three-fourths of
an Inch high, the letter to precede the
number and blocked so as to pene
trate the hoof one-sixteenth of an Inch.
For example, the hoof brands on
horses assigned to band, Ninth cavalry,
would bo CB!); to Troop A, Fifth cav
alry, would be A 5; to Company A, bat
talion of engineers, would be BEA."—
Cincinnati Enquirer.
Advanced Arithmetic.
Kenneth is the name of a good na
tured 'Washington lad who is as stu
dious as any of his companions, but he
Is young yet and has not advanced
very far in the grades of the public
schools. The other evening he was vis
iting a boy friend who has laid his
plans for serving lv Uncle Sam's army
in the future and contemplates gradu
ating from West Point some day. The
two were talking about mathematics
when a young lady sought to test Ken
neth's knowledge of 'rlthmetlc.
"If lemons are 23 cents a dozen," she
asked him, "how much are cast Iron
lamp posts apiece V"
With a perfectly serious expression
on his face Kenneth replied:
"I don't know. miss. I haven't got
that far In 'rlthmetlc yet."—Washing
ton Star.
Opium From Lettuce.
A sort of opium Is obtained from the
common lettuce. The scientists give It
v long name, which no doubt means
something very lenrnod and profound,
and declare that they Hud important
differences between the opium of the
lettuce aud the opium of the poppy,
but for all practical purposes the one
Is identical with the other. Many a
man who has eaten lettuce knows how
sleepy it causes him to become an hour
or so after dinner, nnd the. older the
lettuce the greater the sleepiness, for
In mature lettuce the milk juice Is well
developed and all the properties of the
opium are present.— London News.
No Place to Die.
The soldier of the legion luy dying in
Algiers.
A committee of cltlzetiH who want
td to boom AltfUM-s us a health resort
waited upon him.
"We want you to chungo your head
tiuarters," announced they.. "You're
hurting business hero." — Plttsburg
Post.
Bright Boy.
"What U the worst thing j.iimit rich
es?" asked the teacher »f tho juvenlta
class.
"Tueir scarcity," promptly nnswered
tbe bright youth at the bend.— Chicago
News.
Truth la as lmpouiitble to be sollej
by any outward touch tv the ranbtua,
-Milton.
ESTABLISHED mv
i
THE
AffIADOR LEDGER
Published in the Contcr of tbe Richest
Mother Lode Gold Belt.
Printed every Friday Afternoon.
R. Webb, Editor and Proprietor. M. P. Calkins, Dusincss Manager
Tli.e Oldest
ZL/£ost IrLfTuuerrtial
H/Lo&t T77"ia.e137- Cixc-cQa/ted,
-A.nd 0n137- .^ll-Korr^e ZFrint
Paper published in Amador County.
The Best Advertising Medium
Republican is politics
But the slave of no party
And the foe of all political and Official Cliques and Rings
Free and Independent in the discussion of all matters pertaining to
to the Local Government
Fearless in the ventillation and exposure of Official Wrong Doing
The Paper for the Family
For the Farmer
For the Miner
For the Merchant and Business Man
For the Taxpayers and Citizens Generally
Two Dollars per year
If paid strictly in advance; otherwise $2.50 will be charged.
OUR CLUBBING RATES:
Ledger and Dally Call, one year.s 9 00 Ledger and Weekly Chicago In-
Ledger and Weekly Call one year 320 >r-Ocean
. . , _  _. , , Lodger and Cosmopolitan Maga-
Leotror and Dally Chronicle, one zlne one year. 2',
yeai " 9 00 Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
Lecger nd Weekly Chronicle, year, Including free pattern.... 2£o
one year 3 00 Ledger and Pandex of tho Press 2 75
Ledger and Dally Examiner lyear 9 00 Ledger nnd Pictorial Review 2 50
Our Job Printing Department
Is tho most Complete to bo found hit the mountains.
Up-to-date presses, Simplex Typesetting Machine, Folder, Perforating
Machine, Numbering and Punching Machines.
We buy our paper stcck from Manufacturers at Bottom prices.
B llhciuis, Letter Heads, Statements.
Pamphlets, Posters, Dodgers,
Checks, Receipts, Tags,
Business and Visiting Cards,
Programs, Etc.
All kinds of Legal .Blanks, Briefs and Transcripts printed promptly and
neatly. U~lj In short, we can do anything In the printing line
CfCrK IE^ICES axe ISIG-HT
We Can an Do Compete with City Prices.
If you have anything in the printing line, don't send it away, but pat 1 ,
ronize home industry.
78
LOCAL EDITORIAL NEWS.
THE INCONSISTENCY OF IT.
It goes without saying that the course bf the Ledger m ex
posing everything that savors of the nature of graft in con
nection with the county government that cornea within its
knowledge, has awakened in official circles an intense hos
tility against this journal, and its editor. Every flimsy sub
terfuge has been resorted to in the effort to hamper the Led
ger in the allowance of claims before the board of supervisors.
Heretofore protests on this score, prompted by self-evident
animus, have been ignored, and bills have been eventually
allowed as presented. We have reason to believe that every
item included in a Ledger bill is scrutinized and compared
—not with the established schedule^ for usually that obsolete
list of ii years' standing — does not touch the subject at all —
but with similar items preferred by that goody-goody, dumb
as-an-oyster administrative organ, the Dispatch. The hollow
ness of the scheme is revealed when other printing bills are
passed without even stopping to inquire whether the various
items tallied with the long-distance rates heretofore referred
to, and notwithstanding this paper has repeatedly shown that
the charges did not so correspond. If the same zeal in ward
ing off overcharges had been manifested in all directions in
the printing bills, instead of being confined to the Ledger
office, we venture to say the result would have been, a mater
ial saving to the county.
It will be noticed from the proceedings of the board of su
pervisors published in this issue that a claim for $io pre
sented by the Ledger was allowed in the sum of $3. The
bill was for printing 50 copies of the list of questions adopted
by the board of education for the examination of applicants
for teachers' certificates held in December last. This job con
sisted of a sheet embracing four columns of solid brevier type
each column nearly the length of the columnson the first
page of the Ledger. The matter contained therein, according
to printers' measurement, measured over 13,000 ems, and
included . algebraic signs specially purchased for that class
of work, and also geometrical angle work. The supervisors
took the bit in their mouths, and slashed the bill arbitrarily,
without giving the claimant an opportunity to be heard. The
only excuse we have heard for their action is that, they dug
up from the archives of the treasurer's office a claim for sim
ilar work for the teachers' examination questions in August
last. This was done in the Dispatch office. It contained
over 20,000 em's of leaded nonpariel type, and the bill for
100 copies was put in for $3.50, and allowed at that figure.
What led our cotemporary to be seized with such a wondrous
spasm of generosity in printing rates — so utterly out of joint
with its established record — we can only surmise. The. work
was ordered by the school superintendent, and whether
the low price was laid in anticipation that future orders for
such work would go to the Ledger, and thereby lay the foun
dation for the supervisors' action in considering a claim from
that source, we are not prepared to say. It strongly smacks
of a plot in that direction, in the light of recent revelations.
The most charitable interpretation of the supervisors' action
in cutting the Ledger's bill is that they did not know what
they were doing, and made no effort to seek enlightenment
from disinterested and unprejudiced sources. We do not
propose to enter into the merits of the matter now. The
amount involved is not worth fighting for, but the principle
involved is vital, and the spirit [displayed cannot be tolerated
in governmental affairs. Of course, we refused to accept the
absurd amount, In the entire list of bills presented for print
ing by the Ledger office in the past seveil years, we venture
to say they could not have selected a more indefensible one
for the cutting process than the one they jumped upon with
both feet.
In this connection we may remark that a bill of the Dis
patch was allowed at the same meeting for the full amount
claimed of $260.35. There were no scruples apparently on this
score, and evidently the items thereon were not even com
pared with the schedule of rates promulgated in the long ago.
The claim was presented by the organ of the ring, and hence
was o. k. Now, some of the items are worthy of study. One
we will call attention to here. Six thousand five hundred
registration affidavits are charged and allowed at $67.50.
The registration affidavits under the old registration law,
were scheduled for this county at $5 for 500, that number
being the outside limit of requirements in one year. But
now it is different, when a new registration is required for
every general election. But the schedule has not been
changed, so the Dispatch sticks in a claim for 6500 at the
rate fixed for 500, and thereby made a rich haul. We have
no doubt the work could have been done for $20, and a big
margin of profit left at that. That's the way the money
goes. No wonder our cotemporary could afford to give a
piece of work to the county and thereby get a cinch on the
Ledger, when such extortionate bills are passed without the
batting of an eye.
King Carlos of Portugal and the crown prince were assas
sinated last Saturday on their way to Lisbon. Anarchists
plotted the double tragedy for revolutionary purposes, but
failed to overthrow the monarchy. The infant prince has
succeeded to the throne. The spirit of revolt is rampant
throughout the nation.
.... .
The financial statement for the city of Jackson, published
elsewhere, should be duly analyzed by the citizens.
AMADOTt LEDGE If, JACKSON, CAL.
An Unfortunstc
Hunting Trip
Last Thursday Web Smith, l'errj>
Lepley and Jack Asbury went over to
Charles Ehler'a ranob, a few miles
from Plymouth on the Conautnnea
river. Ehler and Liepley nra very
good frieudfl, the hitter having n
standing invitation tv visit him and
go hunting, aud should he not be at
home he told Mr Lepley where the
key to the house was. When they got
there they huw smoke coming from
the chimuby, so supposed that Khler
was at home, but they found written
on a slate thnt he bad gone the day
before to Michigan liar, for Ehler
had expected them earlier in tbe
week but the rain prevented them
from going. Lepley got tho key, so
they went inside, but stayod just Jong
enough to leave their coats, and vari
ous' other things, not thinking "to
look into the stovo, supposing that
some one had prepared bis breakfast
there. It was about ten when they
arrived at the house, and only a few
minutes after when they lett. They
bad to cross the river to get good
hunting. Upon reaching an elevation
on the other side, they could see that
everything was not; just right at the
house, so they hurried back. ' Hut
when they reached the place they
found that the house bad been com
pletely burned, excepting part of
tbe kitchen, showing that the fire
had started in tbe front part of tbe
bouse, and that the Bmoko seen issu
ing from the chimney was not from
the stove, but from tbe Hre that waa
smoldering in some other part ot
the house. They found Will Alarr,
who lives near there, at tbe house
when they reached it. He had tried
to aavo some of tbe things, but tie
also was too late. One ot tbe Uastiau
boys, who lives near Ehler, bad gone
over to stay during bis absence, but
was not there when the party of
hunters arrived from Jackson.
The house was new and contained
four rooms, and was well furnished.
Ehler has no family. The party of
hunters returned to Jackson the same
evening.
Obituary.
Kobert I. Davis died at the home
of his parents, Air and Mrs. J. J.
Davis of Shenandoaii Valley, Sunday
evening, Jan. 'ititu. lie bad been
sick for nearly a year, and for about
three months it had been known that
bis recovery was, humanly speaking,
impossible, yet the end was utterly
unlooked for at the time and came
as a cruelly sudden shock to all who
knew him. ' He had been dressed and
out of his room for a few huurs that
day and even after returning to his
bed had received a caller and hud
talked with all bis cherry humor to
the visitor and family. His brotbol',
J. >S. Davis of Amador City, who hud
spent the day at borne, wiis preparing
to return to his work, and, with the
others of the family, bad gathered in
the sick room for a chat, when -the
invalid suddenly collapsed, and whoa
the atteding physiciau, summoned by
the telephone, arrived, it was only to
tell the family that the brave heart
had ceased to beat. Tbo funeral was
held Wednesday afternoon under the
direction of Plymouth Parlor N. S.
(j. W, , interment being in the little
cemetery.
Kobert Davis was born July .11,
1831, in Huouandoah, where practical
ly his entire life was spent, and where
as a boy and man bis upright char
acter, bis ebony good humor, his
willingness to do bis full sUa.ro m a
neighbor or citizen won him the lik
ing and respect of all who knew him.
Until the beginning of big illness in
Maich of last year, be was unusually
active and energetic in private busi
ness and local affairs, and well known
as an athletic, liy some it is sup
posed ,that an injury received in a
baseball game was responsible for the
fatal illneas, but that is merely con
jecture. His relatives know of no
such injury that could havo been
serious. For months after his ill
ness began there was no symptoms of
lung complaint, and when at laat
the nature ot the disease became
apparent, it bad progressed too tar
to be stayed. Always cheerful and
hopeful of recovery, always patieut of
weakness aud pain his last mouths
showed him of heroic spirit, aud with
the passiug of that pure brave spirit
his friend* can say. "It is well with
him."
Sympathy Leans to Lees.
"There is one appeal to clmrlty that
Is pretty sure to lie answered," mild v
philanthropist. '"4'hat is a request for
an artificial letj. Legs, somehow, are
warmly appreciated by llio general
public, and the follow who Una to
scrape along without one is the object
of sincere commiseration. During my
fifteen years' experience In philan
thropic work I Imvo issued (ippeali to
the people at lurj;e on behalf of person*
who wanted various parts of their
Anatoby replaced. Koine wanted teeth,
BOCUe, an eye, others a hook Ilka Oup
tflln Cuttle's. I'hysica) deflcieucln of
that kind aroused but little interest,
but Just let a man advertise the fact
tliut he was lv need of v leg and
enough money was quickly forthcom
ing to (It him out with three, or four
pairs of legs."— New York I're.ss.
ANNUAL REPORT
Of the
City Clerk of the City of Jackson
KOU THE YEAKS 190G-IDO7.
Office ot the City Clerk, Jackson, February 1, lUOB.
'io the Honorable Hoard of Trustees of the City of Jackson, Cal.
Gentlemen: in conformity with the provisions of the law. 1 have the.
honor to present herewith my annual report; of the affairs of tbo City of
Jackson for the yearß 1!)0(M007. l have embodlod herein the report for the
year !!)()(!, owiDg to the fact I hat no fltatement of the affairs of the oity was
given for publication that year, mid also by presenting tbe two years jointly
it will enable the taxpayers of the oity to see by comparison the progress
made during the second year of incorporation.
Kespectfully submitted,
L. J. OLAVINOVICH, City Clerk.
STATEMENT OF RECEIFIS KKOM VARIOUS SOUKCES.
Street poll taxes in 1000 - • • Sliao.OO
" " " IDU7 - • • 1284.00
Total - - - , ~~" 8 2171.00
Dog licenses collected 190G - • - 296.00
" " " 1907 - ... ico.oo
Total - - • ■ . - - 456.00
Received from Recorder's fines, 1006 - - 60.00
15)07 - - - • - 142.00
Total • - - - - - 202.00
Sale of licenses tor 1906 ■ •-■ - - 4025.00
" " 1907 - - • • 424 /.80
Total ■ ' - - - - - - 8152.50
City taxes collected 1906 - - - :m&b7
" •• •' 1907, - . • - - - 4213.0*
Total ... . . 7426.61
Sale of old fire hose - - - - - - 7.00
Received for rent of canvas t- .20.00
Sale of sewer pipe ... . . . 13.60
tieceived from cemetery committee - . - - 16.00
Received for labor - - '■ - - 6.25
Total amount received from all souroes - - - $19,07'd.96
DISBURSEMENTS.
For labor in 1906 - • - - - 81267.«8
" " 1907 .... 1522.98
8 2793.C6
For lumber in 1906 - - • - 255.04
" 1907 "-;■.- - - - 25.23
280.27
For team hire, hauling gravel, mud, etc - 306.75
" " 1907 - ■ L o^
1016.45
For printing, advertising, etc. 1906 , - - 285.20
" " 1907 - - 127.20
412.40
For blacksmithing, material, etc, 1906 - - - - 98 35
f 1907 - • - 196.46
294.81
For watering trees in 1906 12.00
•• '• " 1907' - ' 29.00
— 41.00
For boarding of prisoners in lUO6 - - - - .- 43.00
•' " " " 190/ 95.00
138.00
found & poll tax commissions allowed 19CKi ' • • 81.70
" " " "■ 1907 - • f)8.2")
: 139.95
Recorder's tees allowed in 1900 48.00
" " " " 1907 82.00
. : , 130.00
For stroet lighting in 190(5 ' - - - ■ - - - 12(1.00
'.' " " lUO7 - . - - - - - 1001.00
1121.00
For street sprinkling iv 1900 - . - - - - 389.50
lUO7 805.37
1191.87
Water lor street sprinkling in 190G - - .- - 38.30
Carpentering .... ..... 31.75
Surveying outside boundaries of city, etc. - - . 275.25
Repairing Hre plugs ...... . • 43.00
New Hro hose --. \ 335.38
Harwdare supplies, etc. - ' - ... 176.21
Office supplies, etu ...... . 28,(i0
Recording bonds and filing - ... 2.75
Surveying resorvoir site - - - - - 32.50
Cement, etc ..... - - 81,70
Repairing sewer ........ ■ 3.50
Removing and burying carcasses - - - 6.50
Membership fee, Cal. League ot Municipalities - - 10.00
Sprinkling cart 369.30
Steel tauk for watering cart - - - - 70.00
Rubber stamps, dog taga ...... 26.05
Account books and seal • - - - 73.22
Bulletin boards 20.00
yigD b. orat's 13.50
L'xprefesage - - ■ - - - - - - -. - 2.25
Attending to election booths - - - 8.00
Renf, of election booths 5.0U
Election officers - • - - 1)6.00
Election supplies 26.00
Fumigating - 10.00
One cent circulars - - ' - - - 5.34
Prescriptions for prisonor - ... . 1,30
Assessment roll and blanks - ..... 49.40
Old Jackson Fire Co. debt 114.77
Abstract work v 10.00
Triangle 2.24
Freight - 12.15
Sewer pipe 407.3"!
Sundries 13.30
Kent of tax collector's otfloe, 18 months - - - 108.00
Rent of supervisor's room, 18 months .... sio.OO
Janitor services, 2 years - 20.00
Rent of dump, 17 months ..... . 85.00
Rent ot Hre house. 190(i 3.(10
Treasurer's commissions, 2 years 190.08
Marshal's salary 1906 .- - - 825.00
" " 19U7 .... 900.00
1725.00
City clerk's salary 1906 - - - 440.00
" " " 1907 .... 480.00
920.00
City attorney's salary 1900 • • • 400.00
" '• " 1907 - • • 300.00
700.00
Fire obief 'b salary to Jan. 1, 1908 ... , 60.00
Total disbursements to Jan. 1.1908 818,807.19
balance cash on hand Jan. 1, 1908 5,206.77
Total 919.073.90
Total income 19,073.90
Tbe treasurer's balance on Jan. 1, 1908 is 85,216.77, the differenco is
made up of unpaid warrant No. 231, for 810.00
The apportiunmeut ot the property tax for 1908, leaves the amouut in
the vurioiiH funds as follows:
(ieneral fund • - • - - 81,303.97
Library " • • i - 601.86
Uiidge " • • • • - 300.91
Total amount on hand Jan. 1, 1908 • - t&,!20u.77
c .a. is i" o art i .a. .
t tours the /? "IB" IB Kind You Have Always Bought
O OASTOHIA.
B Bean the /? ' Kind Yua ll; ''" Always Bought
o of L£c^/)ffGac&A{
Why liefer
to Doctors
%
Because we make medicines
for them. We tell them all
about Ayer's Cherry Pectoral,
and they prescribe it for
coughs, colds, bronchitis, con*
sumption. They trust it. Then
you can afford to trust it.
Ask your own doctor.
, The bast kind of a testimonial —
"Sold ior over sixty years."
JM Bfado *>.? >T - O- •*3" >r Co.. I>ow«U, Mm.
/la Ai«o manuholurars or
JmM 9 SAKSAPARILLA.
/TL tier** piixs
■L Ai^v/ %J hair vinoß.
Wo havo no •eorcU! Wo publlih
tho formuian of nil oar medioine*.
Ayer's Pills greatly aid tho Cherry
Pectoral In brooking up a cold.
•■••••••••••••••••••••••a*
• m
• GO TO THE— •
I Dili HEN j
j «5Si& BREAD 5
JH. ML WO ECO- PRQ'RS- j
• We also|keep a large stock of Staple *
J and Fancy •
* GROCERIES §
Our Specialty— Freshlßread every day m
except Suadoy «
J. H. LAINGHORST
Main Street, Jackson
Dealer In
WRICAfi WATCHES, CLOCKS MEIRY#
AND SILVERWARE
*» All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watches, Clocks and jewelry a
speoialtv.
••••••••••©•©•••••••♦••••«
{ DAILY STAGE LINE \
• ' .BETWEEN • v
• JACKSON anil EL DORADO •
• . w
o J. Steiner. Proprietor. •
J Leuvos Jackson every morning at 7:30 *
0 11, m.: urrives at Plymouth 10:30 a.m. t&
• Leaves Plymouth at Ip.m.; urrives at •
J El Dorado sp. m. •
J Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a.m.; arrives J
• at Plymouth 11 a. m. Leaves Plymouth or
J at 2p. m. ; arrives in Jackson at 5 p. in. *>
m it>
J Offices— Jackson. National Hotel ; Sin- 2
— c-ter Creek, American Exchange; Ama- «
J dor City, Amador Hotel ; Dry town, Xx- Sf
J change; Plymouth, Forest House. jj|
• Prompt delivery of packages. •
• . •
2 This lino connects with passenger *
• trains to and from Plucerville. *
S THROUGH FARE - • • - 52.50 £
• Fifty pounds of baggage free. *
■••••ae»i*»ttttttt«otttM4
If You Want Z~
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Malt
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. myS9
I thousands of workers 1
la f for the fitt
Use I'ioueer flour, uud you wilj
cull for no other Lnmd.