OLDEST PAPBB ;.
LARGEST CIRCULATION
It Pajritheßuslneii Han to Advei
tl c in the Ledger.
Established October 27, 1855.
* ■ LAWYERS.
•VSTM. O. SNYDKB,
Attornryntl.aw,
JACKSON, CAL.
Office in Murrsllß Dulldlng, Court street.
Will praatlce In all the courts of the state, fe
DOCTORS.
-pi E.I KNDICOTT, M. ».
„'< t » Physician and Surgeon .
- - Jackson, Oaf,.
omoo: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all tlmoa,
|-\lt. FUKI) F. BPRAOUK
Physician und Surgeon
JACKSON, CAL.
Office— Next door to residence, north Main
street, opposite California hotel. '
Telephone Main 32
.~~ : 1 — i — ; !
-pwK. A. M. OALL
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal
Ontce in Marolla building. Main Street.
f~*\ U. UIIiItUNS M. n.
PhyalclHii and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office and residence: Well building.
Office Houbs:— 2 to 4 p. m. and whenever
not otherwise engaged. Telephone MainaO.
"P S. OOODMAN M I).
I'liynlclan and Surgeon
SUTTEK CttEEK, CAL.
-p\U. L. (J. LYNCH
Physician and Surcreon
rri.i Otflco, Main 26
Residence Main 27
Amador City, Cal. -
DENTISTS.-
J. I). FOGAHTY L. MARTIN
"T"VKS. FOGARY & MAKTIN. . v,
(Successors to Dr. C. A. Herrlck)
DcntlHts,
JACKSO>f, CAL.
OBlces In Kay Bulldtnsj, Main streot.
Hours 9to 5, Telephone Black 383
T\K. JOHN A. DELUCCHI
DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office Hocbs:— From 9 a. in. to 5 p. m.
"OICIIAKD WKBB
' ' ' United States Commissioner
JACKSON CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other tilings;
taking of Until proofa and all other Liiml
Business.
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
The A. Van derNailen School
Of Civil, Electriciil Mining Engineering, etc.
ESTABLISHED 180 J.
Occupying thetr own largo building, work-
shop und laboratories.
Great demand for ex-students in all linos.
New students should enroll at onco.
TELEGRAPH AND 51st,
OAKLAND. CAL. my!B
Send for Catalogue.
L. OETIINGER B. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutter Creek, Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most upproved puttorns, und
all kinds of Hhoet Iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
Htiortest notice. We desire to call the uttentlon
of blacksmiths and other workers in Iron to tbe
fact that we keep constantly on hutid a large
and oompleto stock of bar, refined und Norway
1-on. gas pipe, gus tlttlngs, etc., which we will
sell at the LOVVKST CASH PRICES.
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, Jackson
Dealer In —
#UERIGM NTCIIEI CLOCKS JEWEIIW
AND SILVERWARB
*k AU goods warranted us represented
Hopalrlng of watohei, Clooki and jewelry a
•peolultv.
Amador Ledger.
JACKSON. AMADOU COUNTY. . CAIiWOIIKiA." 'irRIDAY. MAY 15. 1908.
THE OLDEST SOLDIER.
A special dispatch to the Chronicle
from Santn Kosa dated May 111, aaya:
William O. Clark, who la the oldest
living American soldier, is spending
some time in tbis city aa the guest of
his nephew, .Lewla Cooper. Clark is
a resident of Drytown, in tbe foot
bills ot Amador county, and ia 01
years of age. He waa born in 1817,
and while yet in bis teens, in IH:W,
enlisted iv tbe army of Unolo Sam
and fought under the stars and stripes
against the Mohawks or Hues in the
volunteer service. Kooontly tho war,
department was Informed of hia exis
tence, and investigation of the re
cords showed that be was the oldest
living American soldier. Senator
ferklns interested himself in the aged
man and secured for him a pension
from the government.
Clark ia a man of unusual vitality,
and while be bas exceeded his three
acore and ten years by nearly a llfth
of a century, yet be baa not given. up
active service and is going about de
liveringjeotures to tbe young men of
tbe counrty. While General Grant
was president ot the United States
Claik made a tour ot tbe world, his
mission being to preach temperance
to tbe nations of the earth.
A CIVIL WAR VETERAN.
Among the visitors in San Fran
cisco at the iloot receptiou from Amu
dor county last week, there was one
who is entitled to special mention.
We refer to Il'.I I . M. Farwell, who for
the last two yearn has been conduct
ing mining operation at the Jose
Uulch quartz claim near Jintte basin.
While perhaps he cannot be claimed
au an Amador county man, as Ills
family homo is in Oakland, still be is
identified with Amarlor interests, and
has been and now is an actual resi
dent here. ■
He left Jackson' on the Sunday pre
ceding tbe arrival of tbe fleet. Ou
account of hia relations with the
army, be could not think of foregoing
the pleasure of meeting some of his
old comrades in arms, who >' battled
for the perpetuity of tbo union in tbe
days long past. He knew the grand
army veterans would participate in
tbe military and nuval parade, und as
one of them bo of course wanted to
be there. And be was there.
Mr Kanvoll bus a remarkable bis
tory. lie is not a soekor ot notorinty,
but ratbor the reverse, always modest
:ii 1111 1 1 unassuming. lie is now about
seventy years old, but remarkably
spry aud nctivo for bis years. He is
ii uativo of Massachusetts, and wan a
resident of Unit, state whou the war ot
tho rebellion broke out. When Lin
coln issued the Hrst call for volun
teers, be was among the first to
respond. lie was iv the regiment
under Ueu Hutler I hat first started for
tbo front, and that was tired upon
when marching through Baltimore by
rioting rebel sympathizers, when
soveral union soldiers were killed,
and a number wounded. This was
the first shedding of blood in that
trotnendous struggle. Ho was with
ISuUiT in New Orleans and elsewhere,
and speaks in the highest torms of
that intrepid soldier. He was wOuud
ed moro than once during the war,
and at its close was honorably dis
charged, lie has shaken hands .with
every president of the United States
from Lincoln down tbe lino, except
Cleveland.
Kincd tho war be has been engaged
in tho building trade, principally in
Oakland. Ouo fact fuither should be
mentioned. Although entitled to a
pension for military services, be has
steadfastly lefused to apply for. one
for conscientious reasons. He has not
been disabled from earning his own
living, aud houce could not satisfy
his scruples against applying to tbe
government for assistance when such
was not absolutely necessary. That
is patriotism of tbe highest character.
The Uniform Rank to Los Angeles.
Tomorrow moiulug aud Hunday the
greater part of tbe Uniform Hunk K.
of I. will leave for Louk Heaoh to
take part in tbe competitive drill to
be bold'tbere on nuxt Thursday, tbe
twentieth, botweeu tbe various ranks
wbiob convenes there. Tbe looal
rank bay boeu drilling for some
mouths and tian progressed very
rapidly in tbe manual. Dr. i (Jail
will be in 110111 muiid If bo can possi
bly get away, while if be oaunot, Dr.
Carl Hchaoht will have otiarge of tbe
boys. Tbe rank raised suttioient
money to pay their expenses there
mid back by putting a couple of plays
on tbe stage, tbe actors all boiug
town people.
OABVOniA.
Bw , th , .£? lh9 K' n(l llave Always Boil 2 tll
Death Claims* Frank L White.
Wo oopy tho following from the
Snnrntnnntn llee of laet Saturday non
coming the death ot a former Jackson
resident, and who Was well known
here between 30 aud 40 yoara ago: ,
Frank L. White, one of -Sacra
mento's well known citizens, died
last evening at bis residence after a
long and painful illneia. ile has
been confined to hia home for many
weeks. For more than thirty yours
Mr White was one of the owners of
Tbe IJoe'H carrier routes and during
the past eight or ten years he owned
all of those routes *and oniployod n
small army of men and boya to deliver
papers in tbia city,, in tiroderick, and
to various email towns within a
radius of fifteen miles of Sacramento,
lie bad tbe business worked down to
a fine system and there was rarely
any complaint from a subscriber that
he had missed his paper. White
always made it a point to 'employ
bright and honest boya and be always
paid them well for their services,'
with tho result that they idolized him
and would work hard, early and late,
to please him. Borne of the brightest
and thriftiest young business mon of
Hacramonto got their early training
on Frank White's newspaper routes.
He had a heart in him as big as an
ox and waa always planning some
thing to aid his boys aud give them
some of tbo pleasures of life. At
New Year's. time each year White gave
his employes a great banquet, where
they not only feasted upon the best
things which tbo market afforded, but
where they listened to words of wis
dom as spokeu by prosperous aud
influential men who had been invited
to be present for that purpose.
Mr White was a native of Jackson,
Amador county, aged 5". When a
boy he learned tbe printer's trade,
which he worked at for a short time
after coming to Sacramento. After
ward he became a commercial traveler
for a local wholesale house and later
engaged in the grocery business, final
ly giving that up to take The lice
routes. Deceased is survived by a
wife aud one daughter, the latter
being lleleu M. White. Ho was a son
of Delilah aad tho late DeWitt C.
White, a brother of (Jeorgio May and
DeWitt C. White.
Deceased was a member of the
Knights of Pythias and tho Ancient
Order United Workmen. Ihe funeral,
which will bo private, will take place
at 1 o'clonk next Monday afternoon
from the family residence, 2101 J
street.
Looking for Timber Land.
Cbus. Ericlcaon and .1. I. Moliett
aud ttieir wives. hucl (Justavo I'oter
aon, all of Portlund, arrived horo lust
Suridiiy ovouing, mid tho following
ruoruing lefVin a couple ot surreys
tor the saw mill ot tbe Amador Luui
bor Co. ou Tiger creek, lliey went
up with tbo iateution of in?fiecting
Boma of Ibo timber in tbtit section.
This ia the aecoud trip that they
have made into those parts within the
past oouplo ot inontliH. It is eup
posod that it ia their intention to
start auotbor saw mill in that dis
trict. They took along some polos in
tho hopes th:il'. they could get mjmo
trout Usbiug while there. Erickson
und Peterson are the contractors who
built the louo and Eastern railroad
into Martell station. l'hoy returupd
to town last evening.
AUSTRIAN PHEASANTS.
Kx-sonator E. C. Voorhels of Slitter
Creek, lust Monday reoeivod a con
uignmont of two dozeu Austrian
pheasantf, just from their native
land. On the following day he turn
ed thorn loose on tbe ranch ot K. S.
IJaruoy, below Drytown. Kroni
tbeuoe they are expected to extend
to other sections of the county, and
in a tow years beaome so numerous
as to permit of a limited amount of
shooting. Tlio.su game birds are rigid
ly protected from t.iio huutor, und
will be for soveral years. They tire
imported solely tor propagation, und
severe penalties will be meted out to
persona caught in the act of hunting
them. . r '•■
Boys Will Be Boys
and are always getting scratches, outs,
spraiuß, brulseH, bumps, burns or
Bualds. Don't neglect such things—
they tuny result uerious it you do.
Appb' Milliard 'h Hnuw hiiiimtuit uo
oording to directions light away ami
it will relievn the pain and heal tbe
trouble. I'rice iWo, 50c, and 01.
Hold by Kubsor's City I'hurmaoy.
lieoelpt books, looatlon blanks, deeds
mortgages, promissory notes, etc,
for eule; also mining signals ou
cloth, graduatlou diplomas, at tbe
Ledger <>llle.t»
The fact that we are doing a large business shows
the satisfaction of our trade, and to prove our ap-
preciation to the public for their liberal patronage
we are offering goods at reduced prices.
CLOTHING. . Shoes, Dry Goods.
Suits — Here is where you must --_--—--___—---—--_--_--_.
Anew line of Men's stop and consider. When White figured Lawns,
Suits just arrived, latest you buy your Shoos you Mulls, Nainsooks, etc.,
style, Of good quality, per- must look for good quality, ar ? sold at reduced
feet fit guaranteed, $10, which wo havo succeeded P rices ' _^^
$12.50 and $15, a real good I^°^®, ° Ur While Underskirts at Reduced Prices
ir~™% our Shoes are positively whit , e and blue Linen
P ?" ts - up to date, made of Al Butchers' Linen now
We are now prepared to *■-• *i ■> i •vi selling at reduced
n, t .L. L P^P^tu iv ma t ena i f an( i made right, prices
fit and suit every one with which win c yQU com . pnCGS -
a pair of Pants. Our line fort and ood wear# Our Table Linen. 23c 35c and 50c per yard
is^now larger than oyer, H . c £ mp ieto for men, Get your real crood val-
and a very good selection. A i i^ vet your real gooa vai-
oV:^ i • ,' women and children. ues now in bedspreads
if Our line of Oxfords for and lace curtain^.
Special this week- A men, women _and children assortment o£
good catch. Worsted pants, at popular prices ib worth La dies' White Waists now
regular $2.50, for $1.50. anybody s consideration. selling at a very low pricOt
We make TIIF* T^rr\ FTirMMT Have your
T s f d IHh KbU rKUIY M -r
To Order Taken.
JACKSON.
The House with Reputation for Square Dealing.
MINING NOTES.
Valparaiso— The annual meeting of
stockholders of tbis company was
held in Jackson on tbe 9th instant.
•riio following were elected as tbe
board nf directors for tbe ensuing
year: E. Garibaldi, D. Uoro, U.
Quilici, A. Cas3ussa, S. liarbugelata.
|'be directors organized by the elec
tion of Kmanuel (jnribaldi as presi
dent, aud William Tain secretary. An
assessment of oue cent per share wus
levied upon tbo capital .stock, de
linquont June 15. I'he prospecting
operations at the mine are being
pushed ahead an vigorously as possi
ble, in the hope of running across
one of those rich pay stroiibs for
which this property is noted.
Argonaut— Twelve men, all foreign
ers, wore laid off at tbis mine on
Wednesday for an indefluito time.
Tbis is tbe beginning of the policy
of retrenchment started by the man
agement of the company. Tbo oro iv
aigut at present in not suflicieut to
keep tho large body of mvii tit work.
It is nocesaury to carry ou the pros
pecting to a greater extnut than bore
tofore.
At v meeting of the dirctors of tbe
Argonaut held early tbis mouth, W,
P. Dotert, who has held the presi
dency over siuoe tbo orgauizutiuu,
resigned his position. He has been
nuxious to surrender since bo sold
the bulk of his stock, and has simply
held the oCico nt the request of those
principally interested. W. S. Mat
thews was elected president in his
Ktnud. Mr Matthews lias been here
tor two weoktt, and expects to per
sonally asuumo the oversight of tho
mine. H. 1<". Taylor, iilso one of tho
original diroctors, reslgued us such at
the Fame time.
A Relic of Early Days.
We bare been shown a document in
the shape (if au express order issued
iiy Adams & Cos. express aud bank
iug company, nt thoir office in Stock
ton, Cal., lv favor of Cyuthia llafford
tor lll'luon dollars. It is dated
February 14, 1H55, and made payable
in Now V'nrki Tbe order was pre
geuted for payment iv Mew York on
ths 'JUrd of March, 1855, und payment
retused and the notary's protest is
attcahed to the order.  Adams ex
press was at that time tbe leading ex
prows uompany, aud failed about the
time tbis order was held up.
The End of the World
sbould it come tomorrow would Hud
fully 111 ot the people eutferiug with
rheumatism of either slight or serious
nature. Nobody ueod flutter with
rheumatism for Mallard 'a Know Lini
ment driven away tbe trouble, re
lieves tbe pain lustautly aud leaves
the user as well aud supplo as a two
year old. bold by Kubser's City
l'liuunaoy.
o.A.ie»rn«onx.*aL.
Oeui the a Ih3 Kind You llave Always Bough)
Left for Ireland.
Father Gleason, head of the Koman
Catholic church of this plaoe, left
hero Monday morning for Koscrea, in
oounty Tipperary, Ireland, to visit
with his brothers and sisters in that
ploce. After spending some time
there he will go to Europe, and will
tour the continent before returning
to tbis country, reaching here about
the Hrst of November. On his way
liisck he will visit with a brother in
tbo state of Idaho, who is also a
priest. One of his brothers in Ireland
is also a priest of tho Catholic
church.
.Father (Jleason came to tbis country
about eighteen years ago, the last
twelve of which woro spent in this
town, liefore that he was a tew years
in riitu Andreas, going to there from
Murysvillo. Since that time he has
seen unnii of his relatives living in
Ireliind, though he took a trip to
Idaho a short time ago and visited
with bis brother there. During his
absence from here l'athor Kearney
will have charge ot tbe church.
DRUMMERS' SAMPLES
LADIES' •;;■
Spring and Summer Suits
■ • '■■■.
■ ■
• ■■ .—i tvia.tik.-n««iw
This Season's newest Styles in
Linens, Piques and Khaki
..,,,..:, »,,*' ■••■■■•■
Being samples is assurance of superior values, and
prices for tho same reason are about one-half the regular.
For one week this line will be on display
in the Sample Rooms of the NATIONAL
HOTEL, where I will be pleased to have
call my friends and former customers.
Respectfully.
H. WINEROTH.
You can get your Billheads,
Letter Heads, etc., printed at
the Ledger for less than you
can buy blank stock for else
where.
TRY IT.
Fivo Cents Per Copy.
Unclaimed Letters.
Giovnnui Uattaliii, Anton lJuzuiicb,
Mihb Elsie Ulark p. c. , A. 11. Crane,
E. 1. Leake, Ernesto MarulU, Leo.
Kay, Achille Kosa, Vukadiu Sokich,
JMiaa Joy Stayton p. 0., Santo Troi,
Franciszku Wezberku.
Deafness Cannot be Cured
by local applications as they cannot
reach tho diseased portion of the ear
There is only one way to euro deafness,
and that is by constitutional remedies.
Deafness is caused by an inllamed con
dition of the raucous "lining of the Eus
tachian Tube. When this tube is in
flamed you have a rumbling sound or
imperfect hearing, and when it is en
tirely closed, deafness is the result,
and unloss the inflammation can bo
taken out and this tube restored to Its
normal condition, hearing 1 will be de
stroyed forever; nine cases out of ton
are caused by Catarrh, which is noth
ing but an inflamed condition of the
mucous surfaces.
We will give One Hundred Dollars
for any case of Deafness (cruised by ca
tarrh) that cannot be cured by Hall's
Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.
P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.
Sold by Druggists, 75e.
Hall's Family Pills are i/uo oest.2
AMADDR LEDBER
Published ovory Friday Afternoon
lItCHAKD WKUD hdltor and Proprietor
M. f. CALKINS Business Manager
SUBSCRIPTION RATES)
On« your (In ad vnnoe • M 0()
()>:<! ypur (If not in advauco) 2 ISO
SI x months ' r '°
Throo months ° W|
Ono or more coplos, oaon • 0B
Legal ndvortlstntf— per Rqunto of 331 cms— Kirs t Insertion $1.00
Subsequent Insertions— PC : square-each 60
B.VTEHKD AT TllP. POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS SECOND-CLASS MATTEII.
TUTC DADCI) '" Uopt on 1110 nt K. C. MARK'S Advertising Arjnnoy, 7751 Mnrknt street
llllj rArCH Sail Francisco, California, whoro contracts for ndvurtislnß oun lj« insult
for it,
CITY OFFICIAL PAPER.
FRIDAY MAY 15, 1008
NOTHING DEFINITE.
The republican primary election last week was a surprise
to both the contending factious. ;It was thought that two
points would .be definitely settled by the electors'. First,
whether the reform wing, known as the Lincoln-Roosevelt
League, or the old machine methods which so* seriously im
paired the party strength at the last general election, should
control the organization for the coming two years; and, sec
ondly, whether the California delegation to the national con
vention would be committed to support Taft for presidential
candidate. The resut, however, has failed to clear up the
situation as regards either proposition. In the large cities the
reformers seem to have won; but only about one-third of the
total membership was elected by cities where the primary
law is made compulsory, and in these the machine represent
ed by the state committee secured a stong minority. The
other delegates were either elected at semi-official primaries,
or by the pernicious plan of appointment by the respective
county committees. It seems strange, after the experience of
the past that the latter method was resorted to in any case.
It was so emphatically sat down upon by the voters that it
was thought that such usurpation of authority would not be
attempted again for many years. But it was in not a few
instances, and this fact is apt to cause a storm in the state
convention which assembled in Sacramento yesterday. These
appointed delegates are expected to stand in with the old re
gime, and with their help the organization forces believe they
can dominate the convention easily. This, however, is not
conceded by the leaguers, who hope that the moral effect of
their successes at the regular primaries will sweep many .an
otherwise doubtful delegate to their standard.
As for the presidential preference issue, Taft failed to get
the popular indorsement. The majority voting on this issue
wanted Roosevelt for a third term, with Taft a strong second
choice. So that the political situation is no clearer from the
action of the primaries. Indeed., it is more complicated than
ever. In spite of the oft-repeated declaration that he would
not be a candidate under any circumstances, there is a strong
desire to force the nomination upon Roosevelt anyhow, and
put the refusal squarely up to him. If the sentiment ex
pressed at the primaries is to govern, the California delega
tion is pledged to support Roosevelt — who is not a candidate,
and will not take the nomination if tendered. It is certainly
a peculiar line-up, suggestive of grave possibilities in the
event of a protracted struggle over the nomination at Chi
cago. For the sake of party harmony a movement is being
started looking to the withdrawal of a number of prominent
candidates, with the object of securing the nomination of Taft
on the first ballot. This plan might avoid a lot of bitterness
in the convention, as well as much soreness throughout the
campaign.
Nations like individuals are overawed by a display of
strength; it may never be actually exerted, but the knowledge
that it is there, ready for an emergency, has the same whole
some effect as though the latent power were in full operation.
The great squadron of warships riding peacefully at anchor
in the bay of San Francisco is not iuteuded to provoke a
quarrel; not a menace to Japan in particular which has sud
denly jumped to the front rank as a military and naval
power. It simply means that the United States is able to pro
tect her interests throughout her vast possessions. It is
hoped that this nation will never be called upon to turn
loose these engines of destruction against either a foreigu or
domestic foe, still the ever-increasing armaments of other na
tions impel us to be in a state of readiness. It is regrettable
that this is so, inasmuch as the maintenance of army and
navy in this as in every other civilized country, is a serious
drain upon the physical energies of the nation, as well as a
grave problem from a financial standpoint. The day must
surely come when the nations from sheer inability to with
stand the drain, must call a halt in this policy, and adopt re
trenchment. In the present spirit of international rivalry
armies and uavies on a big scale cannot be dispensed with,
and therefore every patriotic citizen must feel proud in the
consciousness that iv these respects America is keeping
abreast of the mightiest in the arts of war.
AMAT)OIi LEDCHSItt JACKSUK, CALIFORNIA,
PSi^k _ -_JM!M^™!W For Infants and Children.
H MSli^il he ou Have
ffe fefrw-.v:;:.--Wlfl Alwav<s Rfiiipht
■BWf ; ;?^f hi if ajo Duugiii
\*'«fls i'l ALCOHOL 3 PER CENT. M
M^'k AVegetabtePrcparartonfoMs- Ts««^« 4."U«« # *
PyiNj slmilaiiiifJilicFboJanilßediir JjOdXS IJIO # A y \ m
illl BMfflgHBM Signature /AM
Mimi Promotes DigestionJCltectfi;l ■nf jfft*\\j
ill! i ness and Itestrontalnsneiiftcr v .' #V\«m^
ISgi i Opiuni.Morphinc norMiaeral. ftiuMll
gSj I; Not Narcotic, j % All/
!»?3Wi I ' HccipeofOMDßXlMDELnnffll \ 't V p
K'o'iT I.1 '. ! Rimpkui SiyJ- ■] B#» ■
PI is^^j mJ, Use
Piw^'i Apetfect Remedy for Conslipa- I 1«K
llftftj tion,Soui-Stoir.adi,l)larrlioca 1 |f^ in !!.--.„
li3g^«'i- Worms.Coi\vulsions.Fpvcnslv \ ffl pflf 1 1 If PIT
i) W! Thirty Years
Exact Copy of Wrapper. thc okntaur oompaht, niwvorkoitt.
BACK EAST CHEAP I
Low Rate Summer Excursion Tickets sold to Eastern |
points on these dates: |
May 4, 5, 6, 7, 13, 14, 15,28,29, 30. I
June 3, 9, 10, 11, 15, 16, 22 to 28! inc. |
July 2, 3, 6, 7, 8, 28, 29. |
August 17, 18, 24 and 25. I
I Here are some of the rates: I
Omaha - . • - - $ 00,00 I
Council Bluffs - - - GO.OO "'
Kansas City - - - • j
Chicago ... - 72.50 \
St. Louis ■ - - - G7.50 . {
New Orleans - - - 6 7.50 !
Washington - - - 107.50 s
Philadelphia - - 108.50 j
New York - - 105.50
Tickets good for three months, some cases longer, j
Stopovers and choice of routes goin# and coining. ;
\ See nearest agent for details. \
I Z
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. I
MMUMW^Wi¥UM^M I M^^M'MMW{M'BMWMWM
~^~^s^^. DEALERS IN -^ tifcl
1 Jl General Merchandise!
&* T$W Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, M.
H @^ Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishos, Mining f^
M Vv, Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, ||
Grain, etc., etc.
Hjr , / ..,/,., v> ... _ : . ; , "•' ■..■ 'g
M Corner Main and Water St. M
1 JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA |
ELECTRICITY.
It H«« Taken From Fire Its Bupr»w,-
acy as Man's Servant.
As wo hoar the whir of the d'ynnmo
or listen at the telephone, as we turn
the button of an Incandescent lamp or
travel In nn eleetromoblle, we are par
takers In -a revolution tno^e swift atiil
profound than has ever before bwil
enacted upon earth. Until the nine
teenth century fire was justly account
ed the most useful and versatile fierv
nnt of man. Today electricity Is doing
nil that fire ever did and doing It bet
ter, while It accomplishes uncouutnd
tnp.ks far beyond the reach of flame,
however [ngStUoasly applied. We may
tlnifi olwei've under our eyes Just Rtich
an Impotiifi to liuiikmi Intelligence and
power as When fire was first lUbdtted
to the purposes of man, ■Srlflf'lßtf Ini
mciiKo advantage that, whereas the
BUbjUffatlon of fire demanded aj;os of
Wetlfy and uncertain experiment, the
DiiiKtcry of electricity is for tho most
part the assured work of the nine
teenth century and In truth very large
ly of Us last three decades. It begins
at once to marry the. resources of the
mechanic and tho chemist, the engi
neer and the artist, with Issue attest
ed by all its own fertility, while its
rays reveal province after province un
dreamed of and, indepd, unexisllng be
fore its advent. Every other primal
gift of man rises to a now height at
tho bidding of the electrician.— F. Nel
son Tracy in Illustrated Sunday Maga
zine.
CELESTIAL WONDERS.
Color of the Sky and the Moon anc!
the Huss of the Stars.
It is tho atmosphere that makes the
sky look blue and the moon yellow. If
we could ascend to an elevation of fif
ty miles above tho earth's surface, wo
should see that tho moon is a brilliant
white, while the sky would be black,
with tho stars shining as brightly in
the daytime as at ulght
Furthermore, as a most picturesque
feature of the spectacle we should no
tice that some of the stars are red,
others blue, yet others violet and still
others green In color. Of course all
of the stars, if we bar the planets of
our own system, are burning suns,
and the hues they wear depend upon
their temperature. •
Tbo hottest stars are blue. Thus
Vega, in the constellation Lyra, is a
blue sun hundreds of times as large as
our own solar orb. We are journeying
in its direction at the rate of millions
of miles a day, and •at some future
time it may gobble us all up.
For. after all, humiliating though the
confession be, our sun is only a very
small star— of the sixth magnitude or
thereabouts— and of an importance in
the universe so slight as to be scarcely
within the pale of respectability.—
Reader Magazine.
One Seam Fop Fifteen Yoars.
It has .been said that the most mo
notouous form of labor is gumming
labels. Out there are many others
which come very near it. In the boot
and shoe trade, for Instance, the work
Is divided among as many workers as
possible. One will thus mnke a single
cut In the leather and another give one
turn or the machine handle. In some
cases v pair of shoos ,huve passed
through fifteen pairs of hands before
reaching completion. As n natural re
sult, theru arq workers who week after
week ko on performing tlie same work
hundreds of times a day. Indeed in
one factory there Is a woman who for
fifteen yearn has sewed only one seam.
Her lUi-.ehiuu works bo rapidly that she
spends as much time Inserting end
withdrawing her work ::s In the actual
sewing.— Westminster Gazette.
Tho First Chricimas Gift Book.
In the General Advertiser of Jan. 0,
1750, appeared the curliest known an
nouncement of a Christmas gift book,
and in this case It was undeniably a
gift book:
"Given gratis. Hy J. Newberry, at
the liible and Sun, in St Paul's
Churchyard, over against the north
door of the church (only paying one
penny for the binding). Nurse True
love's Christmas l!ox; or The Golden
Plaything for Little Children, by which
they may learn the letters as soon as
they can speak; and know how to be
have so as to make everybody love
them: adorned with thirty cuts."— Lon
don Mail.
Roason For Objection.
Komi Mother— Why don't you HUe
your roommate at college, Reginald?
The professor told me be would be «
good companion for you because he
studies so bard.
Young Collegian — Kut. mother, he
uses so many sesquipedalian words.
Fond Mother— That settles It, my
son. I don't want you to bo contami
nated by association with anybody
who uses such dreadful language.—
Baltimore American.
Just Out.
Elder Brother— Dldu't you stop at
tho news agent's and get that mag*
sluo for me?
.Tlraiule— He didn't have none; Jest
sold out.
"Did ho say so?"
"I didn't have to ask him. There he
had It all printed on a big sign, '
Magazine Jest Out.' "— Chains.
The Miesing Factors.
"Now. then, children." sntd tho teach
er, "what 1b It we want most In this
world to make im perfectly happy?"
"Do tilings wo ain't got!" shouted the
bright boy In tho back Beat—Philadel
phia Press.
The less religion n man has tho more
ho thinks bis wife ought to hare.—Cbl
i:>.go News. _*j
W. B. PHILLIPS
(Siiccfssor to Wllllivmßomi.r) '
UNDERTAKER & EMBALMER
I'I,VMOtITII,«CAI..
('nil* promptly nltomlMl today or night.
Kreo tiso of juVrlor for fiim rnlß.
A linn mid eoOlPlSlfl mock of Oonina, clotli
;mhl plush COTeni) CnaUcts, constantly on li:n:c
;it rciisoniklilc prices. 'i"-'-'
ST. GEOR6E HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOU CO., CAL,
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
• ';<■'{ • ■ ■
. V
Refitted and renovated throughout
Best of accommodation for ediiiniercia
travelers.
Talilo supplied with best in market.
Terms rcusonuble. jne
.
j Globe Hotel j
X NEW MANAGEMENT. *
% MRS. AMNIE HUUST....PropT
I *>* <
% . ';
* Board and Lodging \
< ! <
; I AT REASONABLE RATES. j
< > *
! I Sample Rooms for Commer- <
! ! cial Travelers. !
t
> > All Stages stop at this hotel. «
i: jackson cal. i
1 • myfl '
■■ ■■ ■■■■—.■——■■■■ -..I I .. ....
j National* Hotel
Jackson," Amador county, Cal.
:
j F. A. VOORIiEIS, Proprietor
1 Stage Office for all Points
Lighted by electricity throughout
i 'Jominodious Sample Rooms for
Commercial Travelers. aulB
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MA
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hand a full lino of Harnc
and Hardess Fixtures, Saddles.
Bridles and Robes. Buggies
and Carriage lops made
to order.
Als.o has on hand a lino c
that well known and tho
oughiy tried BAKER ,
HAMILTON buggies!
OFFICIAL MAP
—OF..
Amador County
Drawn from official records and &i
veys by D. C. CARLTON, showi
township and school district bone
uries, ownership of all lands accordii
to assessment roll of . 11)04, rainoi
claims, canals, location of all Boho
houses; aUu v townsito map of prlo
pal towns, namely Jackson, Suit
Creek, lone, Amador City, Drytov
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 6 by 8J feot.
Price) colored & mounted $
Plain and unmounted • ;
Sold only at
AMADOU LEDGER OFFICE
Jackson, Cal.
"castoria
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Boug
Signature of (^utfy^T-CCi^A^'Amador County
Descriptive Article
Amador county comprises an area of
f>4S square mllos, It lies on tho wes
tern slope of Sierra Novndn. mountains,
and otnbracos within its territory all
tho diversity of valley, foothill, find
high moMtitainouA lands.
Climate— The climate of tho popu
lous portions of the county Is as gonial
and hoalthful as can bo found anywhere
In California. As climato Is one of tho
most valuablo assots of this favored
•tato in attracting; population, Amador
stands second to no county in this re
gard. It should, and no doubt will In
time, when its climatic advantagos uro
more thoroughly understood and n,p«
predated, become a health resort not
only for those in less favored states,
but for tho residents of other parts of
California. The tomperature alono tho
central portion rarely falls below 30
degrees abovo zero In winter, and as
rarely rises to 100 degrees in tho sum
mer. Snow seldom falls in tho settled
districts, and nover romains on tho
ground for more than a fow hours. Of
course, In tho high mountain regions
of eastorn Amador the snowfall is vory
heavy — which is characteristic of tho
ontiro Sierra Nevada ranee. The sum-
mer season is iilwuy accompanied with
cool night*; permitting 1 of sound, re
freshing 1 slumber. Fogs aro raro, cy
clones are unknown, thunderstorms are
infrequent.
Gold Mining. — The county, although
rich in other sources of wealth, com
paratively untouched, is noted prin
cipally for her quartz mines. The
deepest gold mines in America are lo
:catod horo. The Kennedy mine Is now
taking gold in liberal quantities from
quartz extracted from a depth of over
2000 foet below tho surface, with every
indication that the pay-ore extonds to
a much greater depth. Since tho dis
covery of gold, tho county has contrib
uted fully $100,OOOOQO to tho world's
supply of the precious metal. The
mines aro still yielding at the rate of
about two million dollars annually.
Nearly all of this wealth Ls produced by
eight or ten mines operating on what
is called tho "mother lode," stretching
clear across tho county In a north-east
erly direction a distance of twenty
miles. The mines aggregate betweon
400 and 500 stamps, and. furnish em
ployment for over 1000 miners. Thi9
industry is still in its infancy. The
unexplored territory, even along tho
main gold belt, is far In excess of the
ground that has actually been worked
or prospected. The county offers to
day one of the most inviting 1 fields to
be found anywhere in the world for the
Investment of capital in the fascinating
business of gold mining, not alone along
the mother lode, but also in tho almost
untouched mineralized country of the
east belt, some ten or twelve miles from
the main lode.
Besides gold, we have copper, de
posits of pottory, coal, :murbe, slate,
limestone, granite, and soapstone or
talc— all undeveloped.
Agricultural Capabilities. — The agri
cultural possibilities equal, If not excel,
the mineral riches. The valley lands
will produce anything that can bo
grown in the most favored sections.
In tho foothill lands all kinds of decid
uous fruits thrive: also ail kinds of
vegetable are raised where irrigation
is practicable along the numerous water
courses. Furtherupln the mountains,
at an altitude of 2000 to 2500 feet, the
soil is admirably adapted for apples
and potatoes. A ready market for
many times tho quantity now raised of
these commodities can bo found lin the
various mining towns.
Grape culture and wlnemaklng are
becoming Important industries, both
the grapes and wino commanding a
better price than tthe product of the
lowland.
Land is cheap compared with other
California lands. Improved farms may
be secured for ono-fourth the price
current in some places. Unimproved
lands can be had from $5 to $10 per
acre. It does not require a fortune to
buy a small ranch. There is room for
a largo addition to our agricultural pop
ulation. Vast tracts now devoted to
cattle ranges might bo made the homes
of hundreds of prosperous farmers.
Amador has a population of less than
12000. Three fourths of this is concen
trated in a strip of three miles above
and below the mineral bolt.
Jackson, the county seat, has about
2500 Inhabitants, andisan Incorporated
city oi the sixth class. Other towns
aro Sutter Creek, Amador City, Dry
town, Plymouth, Volcano, Pine Grovo
and Oleta. lone City is the metropolis
of the valley section, a thriving; town
of 1000 Inhabitants.
'J'hu community Is law-abiding. Edu
cational facilities are oxcollont. A
school house is within- easy reach of
nearly every family. There is onu high
school, located at lone.
The assessment roll for 1007 is $5.
800,798, and the tax rate for both state
and county purposes $2 on the $100.
The Southern Pacific has a branch
railroad running to lone. From thin
point the lone and Eastern railroad ex
tends 14 miles furlher to the mining
section.
The various religious denominations
and fraternal organizations aro well
represented.
The power plant of tbe Standard
Eleotriu Co— one of the lurgeit in the
world— lslooated four miles from Jack
son.
THE BATTLESHIP FLEET.
An Imposina Sight. The Greatest
Fleet Ever Assembled I; the
Pacific.
It In estlmnted thnt fully throe hun
dred residents of Amndnr county
visited Ban Kmucimio lust week to
nltnesa the incoming 'of I,lm grout
battleship floet, and thn imposing
ceremonies Incident thereto. Of
these probably one hundred weie
from Jncksou. At the nnme ratio,
reckoning the population of tho sluto
outside of San Kmnciaao, at one and
n halt millions, California must have
contributed nearly five hundred thou
sand persons to help swell tbe throngs
that gHtherod round tho city by tho
Uolden date on that occasion. From
outside the state there must have
been betweon fifty and one hundred
thousaud more. Added to these tbo
innn belonging to the fleet- over
twenty thousand —it will bo seen that
tho advent of tbe battleships iiiimiil
nioii) than doubling the population
ami consequently tbo business of Sail
Frauciflco for several days, ludeed,
there can be no doubt that from a
business point of vmw, it meant more
than this for tbe city, as nearly Jitll
the strangers were well supplied with
money, and spent their money
liberally during thoir brief hlii.v.
And they were well repaid for
visit. Such an event comos but
seldom. In fact it has nover bofore
been presented to the American
people San Kranoisco put on its
host gain attire for tbe reception of
the Hoot nud tho crowd of sightseers.
For a city just rising from tho ashes
of tho greatest calamity of the world's
history, her magnificout display was
as noteworthy as the grandeur of tho
naval display.
Tho editor of the Lodger watched
tbe movement of the big warships,
twenty-live in number, from the top
of Telegraph hill. This point was
perhaps the best point of view among
all the hills of the city. It is the
closest to tho water front, and as lofty
as any of them. From this point one
hits a view ot tbe entntnee to tho
gatowny of the bay, and by a little
shit'tiug of position could watch the
vessels from their entrance into tho
harbor to tho timo of their nnohorage
in a treble line beyond tho lorry de
pot. Tbe hill itself was a closely
packed mass of humanity. All the
standing room was taken up; in some
cases tbe visitors took up their posi
tions early in tbe morning so as to
make suru of securing an advantage
ous place. It was estimated tbat
fully ten thousand persons viewed the
fleet's entrance from this hill alone.
The floet, consisting ot tbe sixteen
battleships composing tbe Atlantic
floet, witb seven or eight torpedo
boats, also nine oruisers comprising
tbo Pacific squadron, sailed through
tbe bay in single file, except that tbe
torpedo boats kept on tbo off side of
tbe battleships, apparently aa a sort
of escort. The battleships and
cruisers woro easily distinguishable,
the former being shorter and having
three smokestacks, while the cruisers,
designed for speed as well as war
purposes, were provided with four
smokestacks, and were considerably
longer than tbe other class. All tbe
vessels were painted white, except tbe
torpedo boats, which were black, ned
little of them showed above the water
line.
Tho vessols steamed slowly but
gracefully to their appointed places
of anchorage, keeping about 400 feet
apart. There vvuh nothing of a war
like character to the panorama, other
than tbe salute by the forts, and the
answering guns from tbe vessels. As
they steamed on they were greeted
witb, vociferous cheers from tbo
throats ot fully one million persons
that lined every available spot on
either side of the bay, and tbe waving
of flags. It was a spontaneous out
burst of patriotic) enthusiasm.
In the evening tbe warships were
brilliantly illuminated with myriads
of iucaudescent lights, and for the
first half hour manipulated thuir
searchlights, tbo whole presenting a
picture never to be forgotten.
On Thursday the sailors from the
warships had their time. They were
I augmented by tbe soldiers— infantry,
{cavalry and artillery— the whole pro
oession comprising from fifteen to
twenty thousand men in marching
line. It was a tremeudous exhibition
of military strength, the largest
parade of the kind ever seen on the
roast. Marching from eight to four
teen abreaßt, tbe column was estimat
ed to be live miles long, and took
over two hours to pass a given point.
Each warship contributed about '200
men to make up the parade. I'be
writer witnessed tbe pageant from a
four etory window fronting on Market
street. Everything was conducted
with perfect order, not a single mis
hap occurring to mar tbe proceedings.
The parade passed up Market street
as far as Van Ness avenue, tbeuoe
down Van Ness to a certain point,
thenoe returning to the junction of
Van Ness with Market street, uud
down tbe latter to tbe starting point.
The cavalry and artillery dropped out
of tbe return trip. Pioneers of Cull
FRIDAY, MAY 15, 1908.
fomla were there, ftiso veterans of
the civil war nnd the teoent tear with
Hpuin wore out in strength.
' While the sailors nnd ftoldiorn wore
in evidence in ovorv port of the city,
It wna remnrked how few wern to be
seen under the influence of liquor,
nnd how few dlsturbnnces were re
ported on account of their presence.
I'lm jackiea tell notne Rtnunlug stories
of thoir voyngo, and tbe treatment
thoy received In the various places
touched at. The younger portiou—
those who had never before been
south of the equator, were the victims
of nil eorta of practical jokes on tbo
occnaion of crossing tbe lino. For
days prior to renching tbe central
lino, they were worked up iuto a
stato ot excitement by the titles of the
older men as to vlml, awaited thorn.
Ul' course, the treßtment was nothing
intiri) than n series of hnrmluss jokes.
Cnllao in Peru was given the piom-
Inni aa tho (littlest city on tbe route.
Santa Unrbnrn, strange to say, wns
the place whtro tboy wore subjected
'<i tho prcatost imposition in tho way
of overcharges. We hoard one state
Hint, gti wns the price demanded for a
stonk for two. They were delighted
witb tho welcome accorded them by
San Krnnuisco. Uoro, howevor, thero
were cnso3 of extortion. We heard
one rcuinrk tbnt ho was charged 81.25
for an ordinary shave. When he pro
tested, be was told to call in tbe
police. A policeman was on band,
and tho question referrod to him.
Ho told the jnckio tbat inasmuch as
tbe schedule ot charges was not posted
anywhere in tho shop, and as bo bad
made no express contract as to the
price, he supnosoil he would have to
pay tbe outrageous sum. Jiut the
snilor did not see it in that light, and
throw tbo barber a quarter, telling
him be could whistle for the rest.
Poison Oak Poisoning.
liallard's Know Liniment cures it.
Mr O. U. P. Cornelius. Turner, Ore.,
writes— My wife has discovered tbat
Hnow Liniment euros "Poison oak
poisoning," a very paintul trouble.
She not ouly cured a uhho ot it on
herself, but on two of her friends
who were poisoned by this same ivy.
Price 250, 50c and SI.
Do you like it? Then why
be contented with it? Have
to be? Oh, no! Just put on
Ayer's Hair Vigor and have
long, thick hair; soft, even
hair. But first of all, stop
your hair from coming out.
Save what you have. Ayer's
Hair Vigor will not disappoint
you. It feeds the hair-bulbs;
makes weak hair strong.
Tho best kind of a testimonial —
"Sold for over sixty years."
JSt 3£ade by J. C. Ayor Co., Lovroll, Macs. I
/f»\ Alto manutuoturerk of
Jbjft 9 SARSAPARILLA.
«0L -42* %0 %tS 0 O CHERRY PECTC9AI..
4& —^■ J->^^'Bie *dSMAITiIsE\£T&STJRF s *i^**\
8 Send $2= to-day #
Jill and we will send you (charges ISL
fj& prepaid) $2.95 worth of (&S>
W$L Merchandise. Just to prove that JjjJW
l^r /jf^%fsSS?BS 2 pair °* WciMn ' s ( 3 fcr
I /It KI/Z^Wlm Hillli THE CORSETS are made \\ t \
Jj I n\'i>' i N§/|/ (PjH " f Coutille in white or JL*l V A
\ifrs2vA ' ¥ fit *%ffl*^ '° r average figure, sizes &$"%?)
Order 10-day and if you do not think the offer jf^kM
/yil ■n > jjfWJiV worth more than $3. 00 upon receipt of tame we /^MlTij '• '(j| ffnT*:
W&ZZlgJzzffim w '" K' ac "y refund your money. (SgM>' : '■'"" ■";£$
[|^xTjJr|jWnj Send itamps or money order. .^ ■ UAfTTTNTIw]!
«^j^* K_ "* M Write for our Summer Catalogue. hl^^^W
|U. Sg THE D SAMUELS LACE HOUSE CO. %ffs.
AIITI S. E. Ctr. Van Ness Avtnut and Sutler St. /I^lallj
$ J*ii an F ranc ' sc °> Cfi- r( // /
H above all things wish to give their children pure, healthful food. H
m _-~— — . — Indigestion sufferings are caused by the use of cheap, «m
IH |55g££. 1 2; 1 ! unwholesome baking powders. « Don*t risk health to save a Ml
JH ?sy -j-s few cents in price. That is not economy. You cannot vw
m t\iTf $i if have good, healthful food unless you use pure BE?
2 'nt i* i"" 1 "mi *tT j^Sofl *! QL'J
|| ?^S=^^^ Made from a Superior grade of Pure Cream of. Tartan j|§;
CANT BE SEPARATED.
Some Jackson People Have Learn
ed Mow to Get Rid of Both.
ijackacne and kidney ache aie twin
brothers.
You can't sepainte them.
And you can't get rid of the back
aoho until you cure tbe kidney ache,
If the kidneys are well and strong,
the rest of tbe system is pretty sure
to bo in vigorous health.
Doitn's Kiduoy fills make strong,
heßlthy kidneys.
Mrs Jennie Cary, living on Union
street, Placerville, Cal.. says: "I
was in a miserable condition when
Douu's Kidney Pills were brought to
my attention. 1 bad dull bearing
down pains in my hips and the slight
est exertion was too much tor me.
Added to those ofllictions wns a too
frequent action of the kidney secre
tions which kept me up during tho
night anil grently disturbed my iest.
1 prooiued h box of Uoan's Kidnoy
Pills and they relieved me of overy
trouble. 1 confidently believe that
they will relieve any ono suffering
from kidnoy trouble.
Plenty more proof line this from
Jackson people. Call at the City
Pharmacy and ask what customers re
port.
For sale by all dealers Price 50
cents. Korster-Milburn Co., litifrnlo,
New York, sole agents for the United
States. Komember tbe name— Doan's
—and take no other.
Stops itching instantly. Cures
piles, eczema, salt rheum, tetter,
itch, hives, herpes, scabies— Doan's
Ointment. At any drug store.
THE A\ERRY WIDOW.
It'a "The Merry Widow" this,
And "The Merry Widow" that;
It's "The Merry Widow" kiss,
And "The Merry Widow" hat.
It's "The Morry Widow" craze
And "The Merry Widow" dance;
It's "The Merry Widow" plays,
And "The Merry Widow" glance.
It's "Tbe Merry Widow" dinner,
And "The Merry Widow" waltz;
it's "The Merry Widow" sinner,
With "Tbe Merry Widow" faults.
Iv'e a "Merry Widow" wife,
And a "Merry Widow" brat;
I've a "Merry Widow" knife,
And a "Merry Widow" cat.
I've a "Merry Widow" auto oar,
With a "Merry Widow" toot,
And a friend whose wifo has sued
him—
'Tia a "Merry Widow" suit.
And it 1 die tomorrow
Why, let them play real loud,
"Tho Merry Widow" waltz song
For the "Merry Widow crowd.
—St. Liouis Chronicle.
HO, HI, HO!
Picnic of the Bay Cities Amador
Club.
The initial picuiu of the Auuulor
co. club was held May 2nd in East
Hay Park near Stege, just beyond the
Alumeda county line, and in Contra
Costa county. This club as its name
denotes, is composed of former^resi
dents of Aniudor co., and was
brought into being by Mrs Faunie
Woods the president, formerly of
lone and Amador City. The ether
officers are Miss Clara Jiall, vice
president; Mrs Hattie llinkson,
secretury; Mrs E. V. Tiffany assist
ance secretary; Dave Miller, trea
suror.
Tliu grounds were in fine con
dition, the rain of tbe afght before
giviDg everything a freshened appear
ance. The proceedings were opened
by the lion. X A. Freeman, who at
one time was district attorney and
assemblyman for Amador county,
now located at Fruitvale and Pacific
Coast agent for the celebrated Belt
tiilling fountain pen. Judge Free
nutii as toast master, introduced Mrs
Wood tbe president, who lesponded
with appropriate remarks on the
organization and objects of the club.
Ex-stute senator. Judge John X
Davis, responded to the toast of "The
Men of Amador County, 1 ' in bis
usual style. JNoxt as Judge Freeman
said when introducing John K. Treg
loun, us tbe man of Amador who was
best posted, and as having gone
deeper into the subject, Mr Tregloan
responded to tbe toaat of the "Ladies
of A mad or county." Prof. Carleton
Daitlett spoke on tbe preservation of
our forests and the utility of tbe
Eucalyptus for fuel. Prof. U —
Stribley responded to the toast of
"Our University," li. K. Ureese
biiuki) on tbe financial conditions of
our country. Speeches were also
made by tbe lion. Fred Stewart, Ed
ward Muldoou, Dr. J. L. May on, Dr.
Tillimy, Dave Miller. Tbe speeob
making winding up by W. O. Clark,
i tbe pioneer of Drytowu, who although
i)l yearn of age, came down especially
to attend the piouio, responding to
the toast of "Our Ploueers. " Mr
Clark expressed his views on this
subject, also on temperance with as
much force and vigor at in yea
gone by. You will never see his
picture in tbe advertisomeuts of
Dtift'ys Malt Whiskey. Pure moun
tain water in prolonging VV. O. Clark's
life, and so it will any one else. Mrs
1!. K. Lireese saug a song on Amador,
composed especially for the occasion.
Tbe banquet, to which all present
sat down, was highly enjoyed and
nothing stronger than coffee to drink
served. After this games of various
kinds were indulged in, swinging by
Ed. Muldoon and Judge Davis on the
same swing; also boat riding on the
lake, tbe boat got stuck in tbe mud,
and tbe swing in tbe air. After a
happily spent day all started for
home about sp. m., but the special
trolley car stopped at tbe county line
to give Dr. Tiffany and Dave Miller
a chance to have a toot race, Miller
won.
About two hundred attended among
them were Fred Briggs, who repre
sents tbe Oakland Euquirer and
Associated Press; Dr. Uol'bs and wife,
Tom Mayon, Mrs ifi. Muldoon and
daughters, F. \V. Bradley and wife,
Mrs Parks, Mrs J. V. Davis, Mrs
Wra. Ball, Mrs Trengove, Mrs J. L.
Clark and daughter, Mrs Lory, W.
H. Kroning, Mayme D. Wheeler,
Liuoy Kiley, Agnes Newman, Mrs
Uartlett and many others. The
opiuions expressed by those present
indicates that tbe picnic of the club
next year will be a great event.
No Fees on Sierra Addition.
Washington, May— The forest ser
vice has made a recommendation to
the secretary of agriculture that all
stock which have grazed regularly on
tbe range on the new tracts of land
added to the Sierra national forest,
California, during tbe past be allowed
to graze free of charge and without
peimit during tbe season of 1908.
In the addition recently made to
tbe Sierra forest it is reported that a
large portion of the area is used for
grazing and that the live stock
industry is of importance to the wel
fare of tbe people. The number of
cuttle, horses, sheep and goats,
occupying the range is unknown and
the season is now so far advanced
that it is not possible to give proper
notice to applicants for grazing
privileges, and for this reason it has
been recommended that there should
be no grazing fees on the addition
this rear.
For a mild, easy aotlon of the
bowels, a single dose of Dona's lte-
gulets la enough. Treatment cures
habitual coustipation. 25 oeuts a
box. Auk your druggist for them.
OASTOIIXA.
Bwn tho _y? lhl * md Yoy Hay| Alwa>J B "« l *
34
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
PINK UKOVU.
'May l-()ur town presented a lively
appearance on Monday evening tbe
11th Inet, And our people enjoyed a
rare treat when tbe Key. Piokard of
Sutler Creek, gave a very pleasing
and Instructive leoture In the M. I-!.
oburcb, the subjeot of the dlsooume
being "The tower of liabel and char
actor building." And judging by the
attention of the audlenoe it was thor
oughly enjoyed by all present. Tho
gentleman presented some beautiful
ideas In tho thought that we from
Infancy are builders, whethor build
ing upward and advancing or is It
downward. Ho was also accompanied
by bis wife, who assisted in the even
ing's pleasure by singing several
beautiful and appropriate nongH, In
which tho lady showed marked ability.
Key. Picknrd and wifo wero assisted
by a bus 9 load (10 In number) of
Sutler Creek's talented young ladies
and gontlomon, who rendered some
very pleasing selections in songs, each
carryiug tho part: in a faultloss
mannor, and another very apprecia
tive feature of tho oveuiug's enter
tainment win a oboico selection play
ed on tbe cornot by ono of tho gentle
men. At tbo conclusion of ttio even
ing's program tho ladies' aid served
lemonade, cake, coll'ee and sand
wiches, which put tbe finishing
touches to a most onjoyablo ovening.
1 would gtate that Key. i'ickard and
wife, with the above mentioned choir
of Suttor Creok, kindly donated the
services of the evening for tbe benefit
of tbe Pine Grove M. 10. church, and
we extend a unanimous thank you.
Alpha.
lONU.
May 11.— Mrs Wes Amiclc is visiting
in Sacramento this week. /
Miss Gladys Powell of Co tat i, is
the guest of her cousin, Miss Lila
Koehler.
A large crowd returned last Sunday
from tbo city, and bad many interest
ing stories to relate concerning the
fleet.
Last Friday night a farewell party
was tendered Miss ivian (Jregory by
ber friends, prior to ber departure for
San Kranciseo.
Miss Ethel Prouty went to Lock
ford Wednesday to attend tbe picnic.
Mrs Ida Winters bad tbe misfortune
to fall through a window last Tues
day, severely cutting ber left' hand.
Several of tho cords have been cut,
and it is doubtful whether she will
ever completely regain tbe uao of her
band.
Chester Prouty and Ira Smith re
turned home last week, 'havingscom
pleted tbe first year of tbeir (Jniver
eity life.
Geo. Harris took in tbe picnic and
dance at Lockford Wednesday.
The pupils of tbe bigb school are to
give a play tomorrow night, titled the
"Merchant of Venice." It is rumored
that it will be a good play, and a
large crowd is expected.
Mrs M. K. Ziehn is visiting friends
in Sacramento.
Fay Knapp returned to bis work at
tbe Preston school last Suuday night,
after having viewed tbe sights nf the
oity for a week.
The steadydown pour of rain today
is doing more barm than good in this
suction, for most all tbe farmers have
tbeir bay down.
Miss Winifred and Mildred Isaacs,
who have been attending tbe Uuivor
city iv lieikeley, returned borne last
night for their summer vacation.
loneite.
SUTTEK CKEEK.
May 11-Mrs .Martlm Smith is at tho
Kennedy mice this week looking atter
the iVanober household, while Mrs
Fancber has gone to Siicrauieuto fur
a brief stay.
Mrs Mauuel liiestra, who went to
Washington a few weeks previously
fur tho boncfit of hor health, returned
td her home here Sunday night much
Improved.
lUcluird J. Harris of this place whh
struck by nn electric train at the 15
street station at Han Kafuel on Wed
nesday the Oth inst., heiug thrown
under the oar truckH and theu hurled
Borons the track, narrowly escaping
iustaut death 'or serious injury.
Fortunately ho got out with only a
uouplo of severe cutu on his head, and
a ruther liiiiio baok. He returned to
bis homo here Monday night.
Floyd Jonoa returtiod blho Monday
evening from his trip to the city with
a Revere oold, and Buttering trom
asthmatic troubles.
Our friends who left here last week
for the bay cities to take in tho fleet)
are begiuuing to wander bomoward,
The familiar faces or Leu. Williaaiß,
J. Daboviob, I* 1 , i'ayni) are with us
ugaiu.
Mrs Dan Moliiri and little mm, ho
nouipauied by Mrs S. Holari loft for
.Stockton Sunday morning. They
will iii.iij visit rolativea in Oakland
before their return.
Mr and Mrs Kd. Slicalnr returned
trom the city Wednesday evening,
after a brief stay ou joy Ing the fleet
llgtitl,
An exciting and Interesting game
was played last Sunday afternoon in
tbe reoreation grounds between the
lights of Electra and tho local bnse
bnll nine— Tbe Valley Urews. The
nine from Eleotra were big handsome
fnllnwH, and did Borne excellent play
ing, olearing a total of two tallies in
the first, inning, but falling to ec.orn
another tally after the first two. Our
boys, tbe Valley Urews also played
splendidly through the entire game,
scarce an error wan made. The game
ended at 4:45 with the score 8 to 2 in
favor of our local nine. Tbo gamo
was a moßt interesting one from
beginning to end, and there • were
roany spectators to enjoy It. The
young men of the Klectra nine were
gentlemanly iv overy roapoct and took
tholr defeat iv all good nature.
Wednesday night Philip and (Soorgo
KlchardH roturned with their brides
from Han Francisco, and wont to tbo
lio.mo of Mr and Mrs John Kichards,
whore In tor in thn evening tho small
boys nud the tin cons began to rouse
tho neighborhood, which in addition
to Ilio demonstrations of the biggur
boys made tbo echoos ring for n short
time. It also brought out tho youug
grooi.MH. who did the right thing, and
tho boys went away happy and con
tout.
Quite a number of our young
people, members-; ot tho l'Jplnvortlj
leugue, accompanied l!ov. \V. M,
Pioknld to Pino Urovejast Monday,
where be delivered a lecturo tliut
evening, the subject being "Tho
Tower of iiabel."
Charley Williams of Ainador, was
visiting hero Weduesday evening.
John Kourke and Mrs John Uavvdon
went to Sacramento Monday, as dele
gates to attend the grand lodge uud
Hebokab assemply 1. O. 0. F. , which
convenes iv that city this weelc.
Miss Lilly I'ienaman accompanied
by ber grandmother, Mrs Yenning,
left Monday morning for Sacramento,
and will remain there indefinitely
visiting with relatives and friends.
Mrs (J. T. George ot Amador City,
is visiting here with her mother, Mrs
John Higgins tbis week.
Mrs Tim Haw of Placerville, arrived
in tbis place last Monday, and will
remain bere indefinitely visiting ber
relatives.
Mrs John Donovan was over from
Drytown Wednesday, visiting ber
sister, Miss Agnes Hodges.
Geo. Chisholm and family with Mr
and Mrs John Thomas, enjoyed a
surrey ride last Sunday visiting re
latives at the Gwin mine.
Eulpb White with bis wife and son,
returned Sunday night from San
Francisco, where they went to visit
the Meet sights. Sutterite.
The Inquest on the Body
of Jas. H. Roberts.
. The inquest ou the body of James
11. Roberts, an old man who was
found dead some five miles from Pine
drove on tho sth instant, was resumed
on the Hth instant at Pine Grove. It
was thought at first that it was a case
of murder, that the old man bad been
killed for the purpose of securing
money he had or was supposed to
have out of an estate in Texas, the
report being that he had been left
85000 in cash and a half interest in a
ranch in that state. There was uo
testimony developed to show that he
bad received any money; indeed it is
pretty well settled that the legacy
wasjnot expected until the lOtb, somo
ten <lays after he lost bis life.
The jury found that deceased was a
native of Kentucky, aged 05 years,
and that he came to his deatb by a
dislocation of the neck, but bow he
received the fatal injury there was no
evidence to show. Jt is bolievod that
it was a case of accidental dcatb.
Deceased was last seen alive on
May Ist. lie visited the place of
Cory McKenzie, some distance from
his own cabin. He was addictod to
drinking, but whether he was under
the influence of liquor on this occas
ion wo have not hoard. In attempt
ing to make the homo journey from
McKonzio'a be is believed to have lost
his life. Tho trail was rough, and in
placen the hillside was steep. it is
uupposod that he stumbled, and
pitched down tho hill in euch a
manner as to causo a dislocation of
the neck. Articles of clothing,
such aa hut, etc., were found mimo dis
tance from the body. There was
nothing to indicato any struggle, or
t.litit. anyone was with him wbeu be
met with the fatal injuries. A few
bruises were visible about the face,
no doubt received in fulling.
lie whh a prospector, and bad been
living in the county about nix years.
Nothing is known of him prior to his
coming to Huh county, and ho fur as
known be hits no relative! in A mad. or
county. The remalua wero forwarded
to relatives in hog Angeles for inter
ment.
Real Estate Wanted.
Wanted. — Would like to honr at
oucu from ownur liuritiu numl medium
Hizo tin in or miiihll liiihini. f H fur milo
iv uuy Knurl proaperoaa looulity.
Fleubo givu ptico mid duMcriptiou uud
reusou for Milling. Ktucu wlieu
pnsiioßsion can tie luul. >H it^out-i
iiiiod i-i;|>ly. Ai|i!rcH!i Jjuck Uruwer
UBl, IJocUoster, N. Y.
AF/HOH T.EDOEB JACKSON, CAIilFuitJNUi.,
(lII'SON-PETTINOILL. In West
Point, April tt», 1908, by Her. John
Appleton. Win. O. Uipaoti of liail-
rond L'lnt and Auey M. Pettluglll of
Houth Dakota.
DIED. ~
LKSTI'JM-Iu Man Francisco. Alay 1,
1908, Albertlne Lester, only dairgh-
tet of Harry O. nnd .luii'n Cory
Lester, a nntive ot .Mmll.n Cruz, oged
15 years, G months and IS dnyti.
WlllTK-ln Sacramento.' May 8, 1008,
Fiauk L. White, husband of Nellie
F. White, father of Helen M. White,
son of Delilah and tbe late DeWitt
C. Whlto, broluer of Uoorgio May
and DeWitt O. White, ft native of
Jackson, ('ul., aged f>'2 years, II
months nnd 10 days.
■■'& TOR OTETI SEVENTY YEARS Kb
,<;Vj SclionrU'f* Mnndrnko Villa Imvfl l»oen In YEA
V& u^o wliilot Inillnlora hnvo n|iponretl nnd U|J
J-',' <lt c npj)nfir<*fl. No fnndicni jircpnrntion Kn
f£ could lin'il Its jjl.irci no long without Bka
m bwltvlibA o HAlulfiAJib r JLLo m
»filli ll Liven Ilio B.i voir " H]
i*\ nnrl rulinvn ntlloiiFnosft, IJvcr Com- B]
Q$ i'li'.itit, I iiitiircslictii, ('onitti|):itlon, Sick tSa
j*ij ilcariticlio, S'mifinn, Oiddfnrftd. Melnrla, py
M Ilenrthnrn, Flatulency, jHiindlcc, etc M
F;^ Purely Vegetable. AbnolutolyllarmloM JKj
*» 2g cpnta a Hox, or l>y mull* mb
n)^ Dr. J. H. 3clicnck & Son, ftW
Sunset Valo I*7l • • Capital 833
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods.
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Speciulty. . '
1012-lOtli st '" " ' ' 'Sacramento
c«a«*a«*««s«o»cceot9«ta«»t
| DAILY STAGE LINE \
• BETWEEN S
• JACKSON and ELDORADO «
• J. Stelner. Proprietor. o
• «
J Loaves Jaokson every morning at 7:30 5
• a.m.: arrives at Plymouth 10:30 a.m. a
• Leaves Plymouth at Ip.m. j urrlves at *
J El Dorado sp. m. •
1 i JJ
J Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a.m.; arrives Jj
• at Plymouth 11 a. m. Leaves Plymouth v
• at. ap. in. ; arrives in Jackson at Sp.m. *
• •
m Offices— Jackson. National Hotel; Sut- 5
— ter Creek, American Exchange ; Ama- i
_ dor City, Amador Hotel; Drytown, Xx- 2
0 change; Plymouth, Forest House. Jjj
« Prompt delivery of packages. •
• •
• This lino '•onnonts with passenger •
• trains to and from Placerville. •
» THROUGH FARE - • - • $2.50 %
• it
• Fifty pounds of baggage free. a
••e»a*»**s»i>»000O««>8»it(«
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the y^Tjf Z/$/7**—/a'
Signature of C^a^^^CUcd^i
Demand tiie Brand
SUPERIOR COURT
PROCEEDINGS
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
Kstnte of i, 1). O'Neil.— Order to
show cause why.
Eatnto Of John iirazkovieh. — Order
appointing Mi Hi Potter admitils
trntbr.
Kflt'nte (if'iNiftk Hky.— Order appoint
ing II. K. Potter administrator.
Estate of Andten Higglu. — Ordet
appointing npprnifwp.
Hunk (if Atmidnr (Jo. vs. Mnry J.
Ilartmati,— Domimer withdrawn tod
defendant Riven 30 duva to answer.
[•"rod Knbb vt. lone & JO. i;. i;. en.
— Demurrer Mnlni]ill(>ii without, argu
incut.
Uuns. Krotcberva. w. W. I'ltzgerald
—Demurrer withdrawn and defendant
grouted 80 days to answer.
Stevo LobrBfloi vs. Oeo. Tnroouo
vich. — Demarrei mbmitted on 120, ft
mid 5 <i;i.Vii for filing inicfH by the
respective part ic. .
Arnndor Co. Latnbai Co. va a.
Katto mid Rev. \v. 11. More-land—
Judgment: in favor of plaintiff but
they Hindi take nothing BgoiDRt Kev.
W. ii. Moreland. This suit; wns com
menoed In July 1906, for tbo parraent
of S(iO3.17 due the plniutKC for lumber
used in tbo construction ol. tbo i£pls
cii), •! obaroh lu Jnoltson, A mudor
county* '
I '. J. HlnkmaD vs. Chnrlei .i. John
ion er. »1— Demurrer of ('. H. John
Uled.
15. C. Wool tor vs. Martha \Voo3tor —
Interlocutory denreo of divorce Hied.
Delia M. I'lillen vs. John II. f'ullen
— iDtorlooatory decree of divorce
tiled.
Amodor County Lumber Co. va. A.
Kutto, Jii^^in i.'urifii) and John Uuneo.
—Judgment as prayed for aRHiust <!<•
fendant Kiiltii, but nothing against
tbo other two. A. liiitto bBcamo iii
debted to the lumber company - in
July, 1904, in tho sum of I20U.86 for
lumber used, in tbe erection tit' a
building on tbo land of Cuneo,
about eight miles east of Jackson.
They also asked for costs and $100
attorney's fees.
Amador County Lumber Co. vs. A.
Kutto and G. 1). Parma.— Judgment as
prayed tor against; defendant Katto,
but nothing against Parma. A. Katto
became indebted to the lumber com
pany in September, 100), in tbo sum of
.:'r)(;7.O5, for lumber used in the erec
tion of a building on lots '■> and 10 in
block 12, Jackson, belonging to G. U.
farma, but failed to pay tbo amount.
1'bey also asked for coats and $101)
attotuoj''s foes.
People vs. C. Lepori. — Unto for
trial to be sot for May 2B.
Kate Pitt vs. Peter Derauia. — Argu
ment continued until May 211.
John Nickolaus et al vs. J. U.
Htuart ot al.— Demurrer submitted.
isow Cases
Joseph Oneto vs. Carleton LSurtlett
administrator of the ostate of Matnuel
VV. Bright— This suit is tor the re
covery of a balance due tbe plaintitf
on a loan of 82000 made to tbe de
fendant iv Nov., 1903. He prays for
jugdment in tho sum of 321G0, being
principal and interest to Out., 1007.
Petition of Libby A. yargent— She
petitions tbe superior court to bo
onuio v &ule trador on tbe grounds
that her husbabd, Jacob v. Sargent
is unablo to properly suppoit ber and
tbeir children. Sue intends to carry
on a general funning busiuess, and
buying and Helling live stock ttt tbeir
place near .Middle Jim 1 . The amount
of. capital to bu invested is about 8800.
It!. J. Alott vs. Plymouth and Alpine
Mining Company. This is a suit to
quit titlo to ti portion ot thn S E }£
of S NY % of 2-7-10.
\V, T. Turner vs. James E. bhealor
ot ul. — M'li is is a suit to recover &!30
alleged to be duo on promisor V note
given Juno 2, 1002, inlet it? t at 1.1-4
per cent par mouth, Beourod by a
mortgage on )2> acres in C-7-K5.
If You Want vj.
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Malt
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. my2o
IWE KEEP BOOKS f
I! For You I
»> If you nte tho custodian of «
<J funds, it muy bo of boiuo lo(l«e, %
q, ohlircbi society ov estiite. find a
O will depnHit ttioni in this lunik O
£ mill itinliß nil riiHunrßenientH ?
$ throne!) it by checks, the hooka 3>
$ of tho Imnk us well us your <>
g bank book, your ciiunelkd %
cheeks nnd tho Htul)3 of your %
a cheek book corn bine to ninko »
V Up « history of your tninr,actiou 5
% thßt rireventa error. Uosldes, «j>
A" you tnlto no chnnnns of loainn &
g money by lire, or theft nnrl you V
don't have .to pny billn the %
to second time oven if boiuo book- a
<• keener does imikn a niifitnke. °
o Bank of Amador County 3!
<> Jackson, CaliforiAia. o
Notice of Assessment.
Valpßraiso (iold Mining Company.
Location erf works Jncksou Mining
district, Amador oounty, California.
Location of principal place of busi-
ness Jackaou, Amador comity, Cali-
fornia.
Notice ia heroby given that aI; a
regular meeting of tbo board of
Direitor of the Vnlparaiao Gold Min-
ing Company, hold on the Oth dny of
May, 11KIH, an agßßSßinout (No. li) ot
one (lo) cent per share was levied on
the subscribed capital stock ot the
corporation, payable immmediately
in lawful money of the United Ht.utes,
to the secretary at tbe oitice nf tho
company, at the store ot Wm. 'Jam,
Main street, Jackson, Ainador county.
California.
Any stock upon which this assess-
ment shall remain unpaid on tho 15th
day of June, 1908, will bo delinquent
and will be ndvertised for sale at
public .auction, nnd unless payment
is made before, will bo sold on 'Mon-
day, July (3, I'JOS, to pay tbe delin-
quent assessment together with costs
of advertising and expenses of sale.
WILLIAM TAMj
Secretary of suid Valparaiso (Jold
Mining Company.
: OUlco of Company, Main street.
Jackson, Amador oounty, California,
'. may 15
lIPWOTEpf]
I want to hear from owner having]
600 D FARM or]
! BUSINESS I
for sale, any aly.c and any locality. Not'
particular about location, if you want'
cash for your farm or business It will payj
you to write mo today. I only want to"
hear from owihts who uro willing to sell
direct to the buyer and without paying a
cent of commlSKlon to anyone. lam not'
a real t-stuto ngont and I don't accept proj
i perties' for Rale on a commission basls.R
Agents need not answer. If your farm orA
liusl!i«:ss is for sale write me at onuo nndi
I will «ond you froo full details of my new]
jPlun of putting you In touch with hundreds!
of puoplo nnxlous to buy. I must hnarj.
from you quickly, as I bavo moro buyers than |
I have properties to rocommoud. It costs
! you nothing to write to mi! and I muy havejj
someone who wants your place and will puy£
your full price. In writing give prico nnd'
uud state how soon possession*;
.can bn bad. Addrt'R.s p
ili. Dakh vsiilitK, Drawer OHt Uochoster, N V.l
ttFfflT&Wf^'f^T&^^t^^vwi'Ri'rty 'MTU
I Oil March 29th |
1908 I
A propi'iotrcHS of a hoti-l in k
San FronoUcu was robbed i)f t
$2000 in Curroncy, whioh slio J
carried in a bug 1 on her person. |
DON'T
carry your money on your person
nor intrust it to n safe hiding
placo; but put It in the
People's
I Savings Bank
■ Sacramento, California, where
! you don't liavu to pay taxes on
j your depotltj but pet Intoreston
lames !U "' y°" <1;U1 J' 1"1 "* 1 your
I money any tlinw jou want it.
Send for our booidot,
"BANKING HY MAIL." t
Timber Land. Act June 3, 1670—
Notice For Publication.-2172
United Hlntfia Land UlUoe, tiacia-
mento, Unllf., April 11, l£oB.
Notine in nereby given that In com-
pliance with the provisions of the net
of oongreea ot Juue 3, 1878, entitled
"An aot for the Rale of timber lauds
In the states of California, Oregou,
Nevadß, and Washington Territory,"
at extended to all the public lnml
states by act of August 4, 18!)'2,
IJoineninn (iinnini, ot Vnlonno,
county ot Amndor, state of Califor-
nia, lihh tblft day llled in Oils,
nfflce his sworn statement No. 217t2,
for tho purchase of the H E H of H VV
\4, of Section No. 7, In Township
No. 7 N., Kange No. IU X, Al. I). AI.
and will offer proof to show thnt the
laud Bought Ih moro valuable for its
timber or gtono than for agricultural
purposeß, and to establish hia olnim
to enld land before U. li, commission-
er for Ainador county, at his otllco in
Jackson, ou Monday the U'Jurl day of
June l!) 08, California. «
ilo minion jih witnesses:
A. P. Hhealor, Jinldisern linrghcllii,
O. K. FltZßeinld and M. 11.I 1 . Kitx-
Rprnld nil of Volcano, Amador couuty,
California.
Any and nil persons claiming ad-
versely the u hove- il escribed laudß «re
reiuiOßted to u'lo tholr claimH vi thiH
ollico cm or before said 15th day of
Juue, 11WH.
John v. Ai!iMariU)Nti,
apr. 17 Register.
Notice tor Publication. 304
Dopartinont of the Interior, Land
Olllce fit bucraiiionto, Calif , Mnruh
21; l!) 08.
Notico in hereby givon that John
Boboad, of West I'olnt, California,
has llled notice of his iutontiou to
make Unal live yoar proof in support
of his elnirn, viz: llomentead Kutry
No. 71JSJ made Sept. 9. 15)01, for the
W \:, of SE M and SUof 8 W y A , sec-
tion !), township 0 N., raugo 14 IC,
M. 1). JVI... uud that said proof will bo
made before tho register and receiver <
at U. S. land olllce' in Sacramento,
Calif., on Monday May J, IUOS.
He nntnes the followiug witnesses
to prove bis continuous residence
upon, nnd cultivation of, tbe land,
viz:
William Crockett, Martin U.vf»iiin
and Wilson Cain ot West Point, Calif.,
and John Kirk of Jenny Lind, Cali-
fornia.
JOHN P." AKMSTKONU,
Kegister.
Not coal laud. mar. '27-td
Notice for Publication of Time
Appointed for Probate of Will.
In the superior court of tho county
ot Amador, state of California.
Probate.
In tho Matter of the estate of Ulo-
vanua Liavezzo, decoased.
Notice iH heroby given, that Satur-
day, the '2Urd day of May A. D. 1908,
at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, and
the Court-room — Probate— of said
court, lit tbe court bouse, in county
of Auiador,' stnte of California,- nave
been appointed as tho time and placo
for proving tbo last will and testa-
ment of said (jiovanua Lavezzo, de-
coased, and tor hearing the appli-
cation of Charles M. Lavezzo and tor
tbe issuance to him of letters testa-
mentary thereon.
J. R. HUUKKi'Y, Clerk.
J). li. SPAGNOLI. Attorney for
Petitioner.
Dated May 4th A. 1). 1908. 5-8
THE EA6LE
Restauraunt
V. Antionktti h G. Orsi, Props.
French and Italian dinners
at all hours.
Main st. Jackson
HODSON
«>*The Photographer X*
ENLARGED PICTURES
PHOTOS
214 S San Joaquin st.
STOCKTON
013 X st SACRAMENTO
1250 Clay si OAKLAND
Team and Bucjcjy
HARNESS
All hand sewed.
A. BASSO.
Main st., JacksonRpttPsLri- * *$$$'$$ l^^f'SVllWV t0 tali '' n KOI)AK Wllh rou :ind Rcnt>
m^fll«*wl*t^'% :| 3HW^^^^^^iE^^^ plclurßS ()f tho warshlp " IVS ll "' T
li«H : -' '^^^Pfeif '*/io't'ffi}?'M |^r" !Ti " i " r ""« h Hi ° ° oMon Oato - in
h>Ms tyjh{\ f' '--^V if-P ■<*"''■'■'»•'* <$$$ ' JfOOrn to cottio tho pictures of Hum
1 from $1 up on sale at
_ 3
RUHSER'S:: CJTY "PHARfI/i'AcY.
JacUson» Cal.
TEMPEUATIJKE AND UAINPALL
This labln I,'lvo.s I In: lilghont uml lowest tern
peraturo in Jaokson for oi»cii duy, tottother with
tho rnlnfull, :is recorded by solf-reulstorlng
lnstrumonts kept at tho L>cdßui'onicu:
jTompj gjl ;Tcinp£.
Ualo. i ! 5, I Date, ig"
il.ih; 2i ii.in. a
May 1 ~. 1008 40 75- ....:: May I? ! ; : :
.i : ml r>B v.so i 13 ! : i : ■ —
3 i 37! t*7: | 11l i : i ; ;••••
■I I 3v 7<r ii ao | : ! : ;••••
fi i 83! H3! H 31 i : ! : !••••
(I | 37: IISO.Ai I 21 i ! I : V"
7 i :w fil o.iis i a;i I : I • :•••■
8 : 8«| as! •.•••.• 3I '< '■ I '■ \""
II i 311: tis: :! 8.1 i I ! : ;••••
10 i 37: «0 0.71 l!ll j . ! : •••••
ii i ;»7: OR! — I a 7 i : ! : ;••••
lil ! -IS: 710.11 I S8 i : i : ;••••
13 ! 45 71 ""'I « I ! ! ! j-- "
II I 4U. 700.77 •! 30 j : i ; :••••
15 i 43! . :•:• 31 i : : : !••■•
in .; :! :■••••!! j : i : '■••■•
Total ruinfiUl for month 2.(10 Inches
Total rainfall for suiison to duto ..17.21 lnohes
To corruNpontlint; period lastscnson 41.07 "
jTompj gjl ;Tcinp£.
Ualo. i ! 5, I Date, ig"
il.ih; 2i ii.in. a
May 1 ~. 1008 40 75- ....:: May I? ! ; : :
.i : ml r>B v.so i 13 ! : i : ■ —
3 i 37! t*7: | 11l i : i ; ;••••
■I I 3v 7<r ii ao | : ! : ;••••
fi i 83! H3! H 31 i : ! : !••••
(I | 37: IISO.Ai I 21 i ! I : V"
7 i :w fil o.iis i a;i I : I • :•••■
8 : 8«| as! •.•••.• 3I '< '■ I '■ \""
II i 311: tis: :! 8.1 i I ! : ;••••
10 i 37: «0 0.71 l!ll j . ! : •••••
ii i ;»7: OR! — I a 7 i : ! : ;••••
lil ! -IS: 710.11 I S8 i : i : ;••••
13 ! 45 71 ""'I « I ! ! ! j-- "
II I 4U. 700.77 •! 30 j : i ; :••••
15 i 43! . :•:• 31 i : : : !••■•
in .; :! :■••••!! j : i : '■••■•
Total ruinfiUl for month 2.(10 Inches
Total rainfall for suiison to duto ..17.21 lnohes
To corruNpontlint; period lastscnson 41.07 "
LOCAL NEWS
Jack McCutcben got his final dis
cbmge in bankruptcy without opposi
tion. It was thought for a time that
somo of the creditors would appear
against him, and protest against his
being relieved from bis liabilities,
lint if they ever entortaiued such a
thought, thoy reconsidered tbe
matter, and coucludod to let it go.
Tbe estate paid witbm a fraction
of thirty-three cents on the dollar.
.This is perfaapa considerably above
the average of iusolveuoy oases that
pass through tbo ordeal of the courts.
Arthur L. JLovinsky, a prominent
lawyer of Stockton, was here Monday
on law business, and visiting old-time
friends whom be knew in his boyhood
days. He was raised in Jackson, but
left here about forty years age.
About a dozeu are all that are left of
his oarly day associates.
J. F. Wilson. Dentist. Hours 9a.
in. to 5 p. in. Pbone — Office, black
Hi: residence. Black 391: Jackson.
Jack Williams, wbo left here about
two mouths ago, returned last Mon
day from dan Francisco, where he
spent a week or more before tbe fleet
came iv. Since leaving here ho has
been to Colurado, and Idaho and
throughout that part of tbe country.
Dr. Wilson aud family returned
Sunday evening from Santa Ciuz,
where they wout to view the fleet.
Miss Nortou, daughter of Superior
Judge Noiton of Sun Joaquin comity,
who has been visiting with tbe family
of Jacob Sar^eut, returned to her
homo last Sunday.
Miss Luomis of Los Angelea, accom
panied hor cousin, Mrs E. C. Fisher,
Tuesday from Sail Francisco, where
they had both beon to visit the Meet,
and will remain here a couple of
weeks.
Mr aud Mrs liomp of Grass Valley
and Mr and Mrs lOddy from the East
arrived hero Monday evening, aud
will visit with tho family of W. J.
Nettle. Mrs Kemp aud Mrs Eddy are
both siatorH of Mr Nettle. It bus
been over thiity years since he bus
neuu Mrs Eddy. They will stay for a
short time.
Miss Myrtle. 11 ay ford returned Mon
day evening from a business and
pleasures trip to Bun l*'ranulsoo aud
lierkoloy. While there she laid In a
spring stock of goods for hor milli
nery HturOi
Miss Susan ljuughtoti and brother
Jiiumie, left yesterday morning tor
Sacramento, where thoy will viait
with relatives.
The lato rains iiavo brought out the
giaiu crops wonderfully. Consider
able hay in thin vicinity has been
cut, and will bo more or less damaged
by the ram. lint where the crop is
htiindiug the ruin will prove n great
help. A crop not much below the
average is assured, lo the east where
harveutiug has not commenced, the
yield promises to bo excellent.
Commencing yesterday morning ouo
of the old buses belonging to the rail
road company was put iuto uso Iv
the pine:) of tbo OUB that Inn beeu
used foi Dome time pant, It will bo
given a now oout id' paint.
M. L. Smith Notary Public and
Stcuograpiior, Court Hti, Jackson,
Telo])houo P.luek Hit,
Mlsh Kloronco Dolabunty, wbo has
been teaching the school at, Scotta
ville, left Saturday morning ioi her
homo in Sacramento, whoio ohe will
spond v couple of weolia boforo taking
« trip to tho eastern states.
Mrs John lOudoy, who baa lioeu
teaching school iv Pine (Jrove, left
Monday morning for Oakland, on a
vfnit with relatives.
Mr and Mis Uaker were passengers
ou tho stage Saturday morning. Mr
Uaker is employed at tho electric
plant.
Miss Wvolyn Dovnn returned to
Stockton Saturday, after spending a
few days here with her folks.
Will Fuller, who spent a few days
hero last week, left Monday morning
for Itamsey, Nevada.
Dr. B. 11. Schant left Tuesday
morning for West Point, (Jalaveras
county, for tho purpose of eugagiug
iv the practice of medicine aud sur
gery iv that town. There is. no resi
deut physician in that section, "nor
within ten miles of the town.
Mrg Mary Spobn came up from San
Francisco Sunday, for n visit with
her sister, Mrs Kate Langborst. She
expects to remain for several weeks.
Alva Jones, son of Leonard \V.
Jones, killed a large California lion
last Sunday on his fatboi's place in
the vicinity of Ham's station. The
animal measured V feet 4 inches from
tip to tip. The state pays a bounty
of S2O for the scalp of a native lion.
Frank Hewitt ou last Tuesday sold
his saloon business in the Olympus to
Theodore Crocker, who tho same day
sold to Jos. Mattley, wbo is now
proprietor. Win. Hewitt is attending
bar for him.
Mrs P. IJwyor has rented her dwell
ing bouse on Court street to her sou
iu-law, Mr Roberts. Mrs Dwyer'bas
takeu apartments at the (Jlobe hotel.
J. Lawrence of San Fraucisco came
up tbis week for the purpose of in
specting tho Champion mnae in Hunts
gulcb, in tho interest of capitalists,
wbo are thinking of taking hold,
should the conditions seem favorable.
He lott again for the city this ruoru
iug-
Jacksou has very few vacaut bouses
at the present time; probably a less
number than at any time in tbe pust
year. There is a movement of men ot
families into the city, wbile those
ieaviug are mostly single ineu. Min
ing camps do not teel the elfects ot
financial depression like manufactur
ing centers. Indeed, the tendency of
hard timos is to drive men iuto the
mining regions.
Mrs M. J. Voorhoisaud son Chlbert,
and Miss Kosb Kalto, returned last
eVuuing from lierkoloy, whore thoy
have boon for tbe past couple of
waeka.
Tomorrow eveniu{> uraod Matron
[0m mil Kiel of Sun JO6O, will pay Iho
Eastern Stars here au olliciul visit.
Tho job press in the Dispntob office
was sold ycstoiday by tbo sheriff
under a dooreo of foi'Hulouure of a
nYortgiiUQ given by hi C. !<ust some
yours a^o, to tho Uatili of Amador
County. Tim b.ink bought it iv for
81UU. and will probably get v de-
Uoionoy judgmout ngalust Uaet, for
tho balance due, which will amount
to several hundred dollui's. We
uridtM'ntand Iho Ulspatcb iftoprietor
bought the pipss from the iiaul;, upon
what t ei ins we have not learned.
Iv one of the city papers last week
thero appeared au account, of j[au
accident happening to Kicburd Htti'rii
while bo was riiliug ou an electric oar
at Sun Kufnul, It said that bo was
n|- prominent merchant of Jaokson, so
it was thought that it must have been
Sam Harris, fcueroliuy nf tbo niinei'.-i
union of tills place, We have since
found that it wna not be. but a
Kiotnu'd Harris of Hutter Creek.
-Mry Marguerite Klikwood, May
liobo mid Annie Porovkh ivero elect
ed as delegateti to ttio annual con
vention of the Native IJitughtots,
which will bo held iv Lodi 'luring
tbe tjuciiiid week iv Juno.
FHIDAY, MAY I/;, i«08
COMPLETE CENSUS
OF SCHOOL CHILDREN.
We are ennbled to publish thU week
the complete returns ol the eohool
census in Aniudor county, of children
between r> and 17 yearn of ngn, for tho
year 1908. For the eako of compari
son we nlflo give the census children
In tha vnlotia districts for 1!K)7. ,. The
totiiln Hliow ii falling olf of 121 child
ren during the past year— a very, seri
ous decline— over live por, cent,, The
honvlest loss is in Sutter Creok dis
trict, where the school population in
f>H short of the previous census. Thin
showing nntitloa that, district to only
four tenchord, but with the balanoo of
fund-- ou hand tbe trustee* will be
ablo to cot through the next tocm
with live, leachorn as at present, lone
and Drytown tiro the only districts
which fhoiv a substantial Increase,
lone last year employed four teachers,
whereas according to tho cousus it
whg entitled to only throe. Drytown
employed two I; ho past year, mid was
entitled to only ouo. i'ui.h districts
got turoogb with tho balance ou hand
from tho preceding year. So that for
the ensuing yonr tha number of
tonobora iv theso districts will remain
Da herotoi'oro.
li-07 1008
Aetna • . - • - ' fIU 40
Amador City - • 171 IGG"
Antelope - - - ]« 1H
Bridgeport !) !)
Uuona vistu - - - :i,") no
Camp Opra - - • 11 11
Carhondnlo - 'Jl l(i
Charity - - - ]i 12
Charleston - 20 14
Clinton - 43 42
Drytosvu - 82 91
Enterprise - - - 17 8
forest Home - 22 21
franklin - - -21 15
Gilbert - - - 14 13
Grapevine - - - 10 10
lone .... mi 231
Jacksou ... 514 513
Jacksou Valley • - 33 35
Juliau - - - - 24 II!
Lancha flaua - - 15 11
Middle Har - - (J D
Middle Foik - - , I'/ 14
Million - 27 23
Mt. Echo - - - 20 15
Mt. Springs - - - 12 0
New York Ranch - - 'id 2U
Oleta - - - 42 519
Onoida - 10H 915
f igeou Crock - - 8 4
Pino (Uove - - - 53 41
Pioneer - - - - 32 UT>
flyraouth 94 90
Quartz Mt. - - - IS I'd
Slate Creek - - - 7 ;:&
Spring Valloy - -, 15 ,]m :
Stony Creek - - - .13 20
Sutter Creek - - 313 . 255
Union - - - - 24 25
Volcano - 63 59
Williams - 20 35
Willow Springs - - 13 8
Total 22U3 2172
Rob Adams in Stockton.
Kobert Adams, a Jackson young
man, who has adopted tbo . stage us
his life work, commenced an engage
ment at the Aliskv theatre in Stock
ton last Monday. He has recently
joined tbo Kedinond Company, which
opened in the play oil Niobo on Mon
day. Young Adams took the role of
I'hineuH Innings, and the Independent
says that in tho initial performance
he proved himself to be v substantial
addition to the. company. i!oh Adams
will he remembered as the youngest
son ot tbo late li. J. Adams, formorly
sheriff of this oounty. He has been
iiidentilied with a company in San
Diego until about three weoks ago,
when he secured an engagement at
Stockton. 110 expects to go to New
York shortly, and make his debut in
the theatrical Juki there also. Mrs
Adams, his mother, is also at present
in Stockton, bavlug arrived In that
city last Sunday.
Mr and Mrs Nunluy left' this morn
ing for Sacramento, where they will
view the torpedo flotila hofore return
int! to their homo in Nevada.
liast Sunday morning early Pete
(Jnssiuelli, Ed. Kay, Ed. Kelly aud
Tony Prato wont up to Mill Creek to
lisli for trout. They caught a few,
hut about I lie time that they started
back tor town it commoucod to rain,
so that they had to drive the entire
distance in tho rain, and were souk
lug wet whon their arrived here.
Uqbo IvQueslbb wna struck by a fall
ing luck in tho Argonaut inino lust
week. The ioulc hit him' in the eye
cutting throiißi) tbo lid aud slightly
punctured the eyeball. it roquiied
MKiui littlo oaro to lix it up.
A Happy Father
is anon turned* to v sad one if he has
to walk the iloor orery ntyht with a
crying baby. MoUee's Uaby rOlixir
will nitiUe the oulld well,— soothe i!h
ntuvoH, induce healthy, nornial hluih
liur. Dest tor disordered bowels and
sour Htomaoh— nil teething babiea
noed it. i'leusnut to ti'.ke, sure and
Bate, coutiutiH uu liaemful drugs,
i'rtcu '.'") and 50 cents per bottle. Sold
by liuliHor'u City I'harmaoy.
I'ION'MKU F[,OUU always has bcon
nil still is I.rii'tnist,.
C; J:± tSi Ct 1 ' '•£■'* I«T3L 31' j!sl. a
tUim th 3 /) ' |13 &W \ Ml HhvUlwkvs Bur.ynr
DOCUMENTS RECOfIDED.
1 rim following Instrument* have boen fllnd
'or rnoorcl In tn« rncorclor'R offlnfl since our Inftt
r T>"rt. VVn publish it eomplnto lint of docu
tnrnt« recorded, ftnd mufltdeclino to nccfidft to
nn.v rnf|iiftst to mippreM any document from
tnrse column*. Don't nsk u» to do so
Deeds— Jennie E. Flthian to John
Blrobm, 40 ncres In 24-0-10, 810.
William A. Steals to Will A. Hteele
jr., the Stfiele quartz mine in 9-0-12,
?10.
Charles N, l^ogßlor. to Mary J.
tfewler, property In Duoua . Vista,
deed of gift,
I'ltlll Ueed — Emmn 1,, biid Louia 11.
C(iok, to C. L, Culbert and H. i).
Culbert as trustees, lot 7 block 11,
Volcano, and 100 acres In '21-8-11, to
leonre a loan of BUOU made by Ed. M.
Culbort.
Uncliiration of Homestead, — Uoo.
Kretoher of 80 Boros iv 21-8-10.
batitfactlon of Moitgago—l«oaen
wald Knlm of Plymouth, to Emma
C .). find Win. 11. ivroning.
Kslray Notico--M. ii. l''assett ot
lotio, baa confined at tho Mount Eobo
rntioba uon'ol hotne branded 11 on
tho right Hbouldei'.
.Agteomont— Thomas Fuilen with
Delia Kullou. Tho first named
BRreos to provide a home for the
latter during hor natural lite.
Filing Cabinets For Assessor.
C. 10. Jarvis, county asseEsor, re
ceived three Olinfi cabinets Wodnoa
dny al'liM iKiou from an art and metal
company in Sau Fraucisno, which ho
ordered for hia ofllco in tho court
house. In them will be kept in their
correct orders all tho statements of
properties, a.HHeHsment rolls, Held
books, etc. They will mako a very
neat addition to the office, being
mttde of Rboet metal, aud paintod a
dark green color. It. will be a mouth
or more before they can bo put iuto
shape as the assessor's office is very
•nii-y at this time of tho your.
"Dr. Thomas' Eolectrlo Oil is the
hest remedy for that often futal dis
ease—croup. Has been usod wit Ii
success iv our family for ciuht
years. "— Mrs L. Whiteucre, liull'alo,
N. Y.
Dance at Onelda Schoolhouse.
Last Saturday evening tbe trustees
ot tho Oueida school gavo a benefit
dance iv the new school building be
ing erected at Jackßou Uate. The
tickets to tbe dance were one dollar,
while a raviola supper was served . iv
tbe old school house at fifty cents per
plate. i.'be total receipts for the
evening were $225, about, 880 of which
went for expenses, leaving a balance
of nearly 8150. This will probably be
used for tbe purchase of a large bell.
Joe Kutlo was tbe floor manager.
The dance broke up after three in
tbo morning. Tbe school bouse is
nearly finished, that is all tbe rock
work has been completed. it is a
good sized building, ihe walls being
entirely made ot granite in tbe rough.
It will be divided iuto two rooms.
Tho east side is noarly takeu up with
windows, wbile ou tbe west there are
ouly sufficient to give good light;
tbis was done so that tbe rooms
would be cool in the afternoons of
hot days. Tbe school is in a very
sightly location, being on tbe lop of
quite a bill, and will present a good
appearance to tbe passerby.
In Judge Thompsons Court.
The case of tho people of the state
vs. James Curirra, charge of assault,
complaint of Dan Driscoll, came up
for trial Monday morning A number
of witnesses were called aud they all
testified to tho elt'ejt that Uarirra had
bit Diisooll first, though tho latter
had threatened Carlrrn. lie was
found guilty of the charge aud fined
SlO, which ho paid. The cases of the
people against Virgilio Boro, Man
Diiscull and Steve Augove for
vagrancy, complaint of C. U. Arditto,
wore dismissed. This is the last ot
tlio cases before the judge as the
result of tho row Jast Sunday night.
Miss Eva Mack, alias Kva llowaid,
was brought up fiom Sacramento last
Friday evening by city Marshal
iluberty on tho charge of vagrancy,
aud lodged in the county jail to await
trial Monday morning. Her bail was
lixed ut $21)0, but she could not raise
I liis amount either in Sacramento or
hero. She was taken before the
judge, plead guilty to tho charge and
wi.s lined $'.)<>, which she was unable
to pay for a few days.
ljust Saturday night Antouo Fruua
tovfub was lodged in the county jail
ou the charge ot holding au unlawful
conversation with a pr'souor. Kva
lilaoli had been couliued in tbo front
part ot the jail, where who could
easily talk with an outsider. I'lanii
tovicb had wanted to bail her out but
could not iHieo the cash, ho ho de
cided to talk with her. Two or throe
timca tie wati warned away from the
vioiutty of tbo jail, but each time he
would go back. Finally ehoritf Uro
gory hhw him about nine o'clock talk
iug with tint woman, bo he threw him
into ouo of the ceils. Sunday being
a holiday, there was nothing for bun
to do but to walC until Monday,
when be was takeu before Judgu
Thompson, imd was fined 310, which
he iiaid.
Ledger ««'! Chicago Weekly Inter-
Ocoan, both papers (or ono year 8-.o;i
In udvitiico
STILL IN THE FRONT
For full lines of cloth-
ing, shoes, drygoods,
gloves, silks, laces,
embroideries, ladies'
waists and ties, and
corsets, all of which
will be sold to the
people of Amador
county for less than
any house in the
state, taking out the
expenses and ex-
press charges.
SHOW'S CASH STORE
Sutter Creek - California
Amador Graduates from University
Dr. Endioott went to San Fraucisco
Monday, accompanied by Mrs Endi
cntt, to witness tbe exercises at tbe
California University iv connection
with tbe graduating clsses iv tbe
various departments. A. Sutherland,
the son of Mrs Endicott by her liist
husband,^being one of the graduates
in the dental department. Wa under
stand he Etood very high, in his class.
Tbe other Jackson young man to
receive his certificate for graduation
was Ernest Spagnoli, who graduated
from the law department. Mr and
Mrs D. 1!. Hpaguoli went down to
witness the exercises, which were held
ou Wednesday. The graduation
diploma is by tbe appel
late courts as entitling the holder to
his parchment to practice in all the
courts of the state without further
examination. We are informed that
tbe new made lawyer will not
practice in Jacksou. He will visit
here for a sbort time, and thereafter
return to tbe city, where he expects
to enter upon, tbe activo work of his
profession. Tbe Ledger extends its
hearty congratulations ou this au
spicious entry into tbe profession ot
law, and believes that the now recruit
will make bis maik iv his chosen
calling.
w The Blood is Tho Life."
Science has never gone beyond th«
above simple statement of scripture. But
it has illuminated that statement and
given it a meaning ever broadening with
the incroasing breadth of knowledge.
When the blood is "bad" or irapuro it
is not alono the body which suffers
through disease. Tho brain is also
clouded, Si^ mind and judgement are
effected, aniTlHany an evil deed or Impure
thoWlit\jTj)svljo/tHrcctly traced to tho
impuwtyof the Clfc«iE> Foul. Impure Mood
can bo milile nnre hv the n«t» nf Or
i'iercc's Golden Medical Discovery, t _It
Clirlclios ami nnrilusTho hlonrl t.lie'rphy
curing, pimples, blotches, eruptions and
other cutaneous affections, as eczema,
tetter, or salt-rheum, hives and other
manifestations of impure blood.
\i/ \JS \ZS \ZS SZS \^/
In tho euro of scrofulous swellings, en
larged glands, open eating ulcers, or old
sores, tho "Golden Medical Discovery " has
performed tho most marvelous cures. In
cases of old sores, or open eating ulcers,
it Is well to apply to tho open sores Dr.
Plerco's All-lloallng Salve, which pos
sesses wonderful healing potency when
used as an application to the sores In con-
Junction with the use of "Golden Medical
Discovery "as a blood cleansing consti
tutional treatment. If your druggist
don't happen to liavo the "All-Healing
Salve" In sU'ick, you can easily procuro it
by Inclosing fifty-four cents in postago
stamps to Dr. R. V. Pierce, 663 Main St.,
Buffalo, N. V., and it will come to you by
return post. Most druggists keep It as
well as tho "Golden Medical Discovery."
' fm\ r-\ /S\ /fi\ ■' Ai -. ■* a
Yon can't afford to accept any modlclno
of itiiknoit'ii composition as a substitute
for "(jnlden Medical Discovery," which Is
a medicine ok kjjown composition,
having a complete list of Ingredient! in
plain English on its bottle-wrapper, tho
iiamo hciiiß attested as correct under oath.
T)r. l'lcrco's Pleasant relicts rrtfiihitA
md invigorate stomach, liver and bowels.
Jluy the lie:-! sewlug niMi'h Jin s
made, for halo cheap. Z. T. Justus,
Weil Hid;.;. Jackson.
Hotel Arrivals
National— Thursday : J McFadden,
San Louis Obispo; W F Motley,
dhelter Cove; W A Forri3, Electra.
Friday— Mrs P 15 Aiken, Oakland;
Charles J Urcsb, Denver; X C tiaker,
Electra; J Selkirk, Murphys; U B
Romano.
Saturday-W 11 Kline, E D Uoyd
ston, San FranniEco; W J Kogers, O
X Sentbre, Sacramento.
Sunday— MA Jones, San Francisco;
Byron A Miller, lone; Arthur L
Levinsky, Stockton; Clias Ericksoa
and wife, J P Motfett and wife, Gus
Peterson, Portland, Oregon; A E
Kandall, Lewiston, Idaho.
£ Monday— Jos Lagomarsino, Vol
cano; L ii Holmes, Sau Fraucisco.
Tuesday— G H Uragg, W J Shirley,
W H Sheets, Stockton; H M Lynn,
Sacramento; M Friedman Chicagc
John M Johns, Madera, [J X Dwyei ,
Übas C Huff, Sau Francisco; H
Proll, O G Zomple, Stockton.
Wednesday— Ed Marsino, Voloan
J F Seohrist, Ed Mogolinsky, Stoct ■
ton; H Winecott, Max Widasky, W
Kutberford, Sau Francisco; J
Lawrence, O L Hcrustein., Oakland.
Globe— Thursday : John H Gardella
and wife, Mukelumue Hill; Paul W
Krahl, Sac. ; 11 X Hego, Electra.
Friday— C E Jarvis, Sutter Creek;
W J liauiey, New York Kaiich; W J
Hums, Auburn; H Mauciaua, Italy.
Saturday— ll Malaspino, Mokelumne
Hill; Miss M A Hooker, MiUigan; C
X Crawford, lone.
Sunday— Mr and Mrs McWerle,
Mokelumuo Hill; J S Davis, Amador
City; Mrs F b Joyce, Mrs li II Smith,
Do fonder.
Monday— Harry T Davis, Volcano.
Tuesday-J V lilair, Stockton; TS
Maicbaut, Healdßburg.
Wednesday— C N Thomas, Sutter
Creek; C C Prouty, lone; E 11 Noak,
O A Clinton aud wife, Stockton; Alex
Mo ran, Electra.
Church Notes.
(Ju isundiiy, .May 17, fcerneoa will be
held us follows: 'J'he pastor will
preach in the morning on '.'Faith and
the Christitui Life," aud in the even
ing on "A groat (inestiou: Am I
worth saving?"
Sunday school ut 2 o'clock. I'rnyer
meeting ou Wednesday at 7 :110 p. m.
All are oordiully invited to atteud
these services.
EHSCOPAU
Hegular nervines will lie held in St.
Ausuutiue'a Kpleoopal church ai
follows :
11 ii. in. — l-iist aud third Sunday
in each month,
7:110 p. in.— Hernud and fourth Sun
day in each month.
FOX K.\liK.--.\ Hun driviug team,
both single and double, a No. ]
buggy with or wit hunt pole auct
double humeta, all in good order;
also liKht eprlug' wagon with top
tultuble for iiioniitalii travel. Will
sell any part or B8 a whole. Call or
add real Ledger otlioe may 15 tf.
L-jdjjor &Ch!oago Intcr-Oceau, $'.'.s!>
. * . . . ...
56
Clipped from our Exchanges
From Near-by Counties.
Mrs Kiitie Schowerer of I'nlomn whs
In t.ojvn dm Sunday and Monday.
'I'hi* Ifldy Is the widow of Win.
Kchowerer who was n member of the
Murpbys Lodge of Workmen, and she
received dpdfl this occasion, her draft
on that institution for tho sum of
t2,000 a" a beneficiary on the death ot
her liuhliiukl na nbnvo stated. This
order lihh paid out many thousands of
dollars in this town during the past
twenty years, its work and ordinary
prompt payments are to be highly
cum mended. — Prospeot.
if, 11. I. Miilor enme In lust, night
with the mail from Tallin 1 , Lnko Vnl
ley and way points on this sido ot the
summit. He left here Wednesday,
Kolug by tenro to Strnwborry. Thore
he left lua rig nnd mndn bis way over
tho summit into Lake Valley on
hor«ebnck. At 4 o'clock yesterday
morning lie left Tullno with tho mail
pouch and reachod I'lacervillo last
night. It will be n couple of weeks
yet at least before he will attempt to
get .pver with a team, bat regular
trips will be made between this point
and tho lake twice n week, tho con
tract requiring thnt tho service begin
May Ist eucu year.— Nugget.
Tho boy's band from the Mason io
Widows auiJ Orphans' home at Docoto,
♦)ill make n short trip through Ama
flor and Uulavoras counties early in
June. Most of our people will recall
tho visit of the boys to San Andreas
lomo four years ago, uud the delight
lul concert they gave. Tho boys
captured all hearts at that time, and
are sure of a royal welcomo this timo.
They will be bore on June l'Jth. The
band has with it, Dibbon's orchestra
of San Francisco, one of the finest in
the slate, which will play for the
dance after tho'concert is over. Tbe
boys will take a trip up to Volcano,
as a part of their Amador trip, ap
pearing there June 9th, and have
been promised a rousinß reception by
the people of the tall timber section.
-Prospect.
Geo. Fitcli, driver of tbe Jaokson
Brewery wagon, had an upset in this
place Monday last. Goo. was on his
way to Angels with a six-horse load
ef beer and when about half way up
the CJhuroh street grade oue of his
anininla balked. George swore, usorl
the buckskin and tried numerous
ways to get the balky beast to pull,
but it would uot go. Finally he con
cluded to pull the wagon down to the
bottom of the grade where tho ground
was level and take a fresh start and
in doing so ho crampod tbe wagon
and upsot. George procured some
help and got bis wagon righted up
and on taking account of stock found
that he was only minus a couple of
cases of beer. George reloaded his
wagon and started tor Angels where
be arrived without any further mis
hap.— Mok. Hill Chronicle.
In the yield of tbe Ksperanza
Gravel Channel which is located in
trie Mokelumne river mining district,
about three miles from this place and
is owned by S. L. Davidson and
worked under a lease by the McSorley
Bros., we are again reminded of tbe
early days of California. It is less
tlmii three months since the gravel
deposit was first encountered, during
which time there has never been more
tban three men at work, and tlm yield
at present baa reached tbe 820,000
mark. Operations aro at present con
fined to running along tbe center of
tbe main chaunel in order to find the
length of tbe deposit and whon this
is determined cross-cutting will be
resorted to in order to find the width.
More men will then be employed and
tbe work of breasting tack com
menced, taking all in sight.—
Cbroniole.
Miss ldel Parsons, tho teacher of
tbe Washington school, had a rather
unpleasant nnd sornowlmt dangerous
experience last Sunday. She was re
turning ou borsehack from her homo
in Murphye to her school, when on
crossing O'Neil's oreek, she exper
ienced the trouble. The bed of the
creek at tbe crossing had become till
ed with debris from tbe mines above
forming a dangerous quioksand over
which the water flowed smoothly. No
sooner had her borne entered tbe
stream than be sank in tbe mud over
bis fore shoulders. The frightened
animal made a wild soramhle tor the
abort) and finally succeeded in ex
tricating himself and rider. Fortun
ately Mias Parson a is a fearless and
«xpert rider, and sue stayed with the
liorsi) though hh she acknowledges
pretty badly frightened.— Prospeot.
A Smile
is a pretty bard thing to accomplish
when you're blue, bilious and out of
sorts. There is a sure euro for all
kinds of stomach and liver cotnplaiuta
—constipation and dyauepula. iial-
Jard's llerbiae is mild, yet absolutely
effective in all cases. Prioe dv cents
per bottle. Hold by Hungers City
i'iiaiuiacy.
Pioneer flour is the best; have no
other.
Angels Postmaster
Commits Suicide.
A. G. Mailson, postmnstor at Angels,
committed suicide Just Friday night
by Rhootlng hitmelt through tho bead
with a Colt's 45, dying iuntnntly,
The cniiße of the ibbli act ia un
known and can only he conjectured,
although ciroumatancen appear to
Indicate that a checking of bis ac
counts and an examination of bis
papers may lead to the discovery of
tbe motive. Lnst evening Postal
Inspector L. 11. llreckor ariived
from Stockton and registered at the
hotel, going from there direct to the
post otllce. I''ivi> minutes after his
arrival .Madson was dead. After
greeting the inspector he excusod
himself, rotlrerl to the woodshed in
the rimr ot the building and Died tbe
fatal shot.
In Uni (illicit at tho time of the
shooting, in addition to the inspector,
were Geoi'Ko Wilds and Miss Mny
Hroiitmn. Until stale that during tlio
duy Madsou was iill'nlilo and pleasnut
us ever; tbnt ho was in apparent Kood
spirits. Tho news ot the suicide
crcatod preut Excitement in Angels
and a crowd <|iii<-kly gathered. Much
regret la expressed because of I tin
alluir. Not only is there much
sorrow in Augols, but also in ISonorii.
JJia aged grandmother, Mrs lioyd,
who was ill lit the time of the
receipt of the news, was cornplotu'y
prostrated imil (ears are eutei'tained
for her recovery.
Madaou was burn hi Sonora and
was well known in this city. ilia
father was an old-time merchant on
Washington atreot. Doth bis parents
aro dead, and it is only comparatively
recent that a sister, Mrs Hanks, pass
ed away, lie leaves a wife and one
child to mourn the shocking aUair.
Madson has livod iv Angels about
fourteen years, seven ot which ho
served as postmaster. Lie was always
a kind and obliging ollicial, looked
upon as thoroughly competent and
reliabe An inquest will doubtless bo
held to determine, if possible, the
cause of his death.— Times.
New Postoffice Regulations.
According to the uevv rules of tbe
postotUce dopaitmenht, all legistered
letters marked "deliver to the
addressee in person" CHunot be given
out upon the written order of the
addressee, snys the Mail.' .Heretofore
any legistered lettor was deliveied
upon an order of the person to whom
it was addressed, bnt according to
the new rules if the letter ia marked
"personal" it must bo delivered In
person or returned to the • sender.
Ibis means that parents or guardiaus
are denied tbe right to receive tbe
letter by virtue of tbeir authority
over the addressee. They can, bow
ever, forbid tbe delivery ot the same
and in that case tbe lettor will be
returned to tbe sender.
Writers' Cramp.
Writers' cramp is a serious matter
to people whose work requires that
they use a pen very much, while for
the unaccustomed writer who takes an
afternoon off now and then to catch up
with her correspondence It Is. to say
the least, very discouraging. The trou
ble Is more than muscular In tills kind
of cramp. Very often a low, nervous
coadltion will cause it. Then one
should take It as a warning that the
system is run down and needs general
toning up. Very often, however, the
trouble is all in the way you hold your
pen.
Children now In school are not like
ly to be troubled with writers' cramp,
because they are taught to hold the
pen lightly and make all the move
ments from the arm instead of the
hand. The old fashioned method
which most of us learned of holding
the pen between the thumb and fore
finger is also very likely to encourage
a cramp. The muscles become tense
and hard, until finally they contract so
much thnt all control over them is
lost. The pen should be held Iwtween
the first two ringers, well up toward
the joint The trouble may often be
relieved by putting the hand nnd wrist
Into the hottest water one can stand.
—Boston Herald.
Tenderness of the Hanging Judge.
Mr. Justice Hawkins' tenderness for
women prisoners was well known. He
admitted it. and be had n great dislike
of sentencing these poor creatures to
death who had been recommended to
mercy and would probably be repriev
ed. On one such occasion the sheriff
asked If he was not going to put on
the black cap.
"No," he answered, "I am not. Ido
not Intend the poor creature to be
hanged, and I am not going to frighten
her to death."
Addressing her by name, be said:
"Don't pay any attention to what I
am going to read. No barm will bo
done to you. I am sure you did not
know In your great trouble and sorrow
what you were doing, and I will take
caro to represent your case so that
nothing will harm you In the way of
punishment."
He then mumbled over the words of
the seutence of death so that the poor
creature did not hear them.— London
Granule
AMADOU LEIKfKT?. .JACKSON, CAT;
An Artist's Search.
[Original.]
I Mark Hammond, American artist hi
I'arlsi, wan lounging one morning after
brenkfnst In his Httidlo before begin*
hlng his day's work. lie had received
n newspaper from home and, as wn«
usual with him on the receipt of hoi;ii»
pMpurs, be rt-ud every word. Including
advertisements. Suddenly he Htarted.
IIIh oye had lighted on the following
Advertisement!
1 If Marcelllnn Hlnncho Cutter will com
tnunlcnle v/lth Orldln. HnstlnßS A Ilnm.
Temple court. New York city, she will
henr Honicthinjr to her advantage.
Now, til erf was an especial reason
why Mr. Hammond should lie moved
by this advertisement. Some month*
before be hnd needed a table for his
studio and bud purchased one of mi
artistic pattern hi v secondhand fur
niture shop. There was a drawer In
It. but no key. For awhile the pur
chaser was content to let the drawer
remain doped; but. finally needing It,
he fitted a key and opened It. It con
tained a few old papers so eaten by
mice that tip could make nothing of
them. Thurf won an envelope— no let
to; 1 In It— pjirtly destroyed, An address
was on it. or the remains of one, as
A I .'irct • I lino 1■„
43 Hue dv C
Par
Hammond threw the contents of thu
drawer Into it wastebasket, but tht»
same evening, needing a bookmark, ho
took out the envelope Tor tlio purpose
and used It till he had llnlshed the
book, leaving tin- envelope In the last
place marked. The name Marcelline
is ::n unusual one. ami Hammond had
had It before him for a mutter of ten
days. lie dropped the paper he had
been rending nnd reached for the book.
There was tho envelope with the In
complete name and address. What
was left of tho address was plain ex
cept the llrst, a solo remaining letter
giving the name of the street. It is
printed here .is a C, but there was that
on Its. lower end to suggest that it
might be something else.
Hammond was Interested. Neverthe
less it was the hour when, fresh after
a night's sleep, he did his best work,
and he took up his palette and brushes.
In ten minutes he threw them down,
took his hat and went out to find a
city directory. There were dozens of
In Paris whose names begin with C,
and dozens that began with every oth
er letter that might begin with C and
a tall to It — a Q or a G. for in
stance. Hammond muttered some
thing about the fool killer taking him
and went back to his work. This time
he succeeded in remaining at his easel
till his breakfast (luncheon In Amer
ica), after which he began a hunt that
took up all his leisure time for weeks.
Having made a list of all the streets
In Paris whose names begin with C.
Q and G, he gave several hours a day
to hunting for Marcelline Cutter. He
judged that she was a lady and con
fined himself to the best streets till he
had exhausted them, then with but
little hope began on the poorer ones,
lighting at last on 43 Rue dv Geindre.
a dingy street near the Church of St.
Sulplce. A girl of twenty responded
to his knock. She was shabbily dress
ed, but comely.
'.'I am looking for Marcelllna Cutter,"
Bald Hammond.
"My mother Is Marcelline Cutter, and
I am Mabel Cutter."
Hammond knew his search was end
ed. Mother and daughter had lived
where he found them for years. The
daughter worked in a bookblndery
near by. It was en old story of a
marriage for love, including a run
away, and without .forgiveness. Mar
celline Seymour married Edgar Cut
ter, an Englishman. There were no
means In either family, but Cutter se
cured a position in an American bank
ing house In Paris, died and left hl3
widow and daughter penniless. Mrs.
Cutter was at a loss to know why she
was Inquired for. It could not be for
an Inheritance, for sho knew of uo
relative who had means to bequeath
her. The advertisement emanatln.-?
from America Indicated that she was
sought for by the Seymours rathor
than the Cutters.
Hammond left the two to send tholr
address to New York and settled down
again to his work. A month passed,
when there was a rap on his studio
door, and two ladies entered. Beneath
their altered dress lie recognized tlm
Cutters. Then they gave him tho se
quel to his search. Kdgar Cutter had
a brother nugh. who had worked his
way from England to Colorado. There
he prospected, mined, struck a bonan
za and became very rich. lie hunted
for his brother, but could gain no trace
of him except thnt he had married
Marcelline Seymour. Dying childless,
Hugh Cutter left his property to his
brother and his brother's wifo and
children, If any. on condition that they
were found within a year after his own
demise. If not the property was to go
to his cousin, a resident of the place In
England where the family had long
lived. Tho year would have expired
within six weeks after the dato on
which Hammond began his search.
Mrs. Cutter begged Hammond to
name some way by which sho might
recompense him for his trouble and re
ward him for saving her and her
daughter a splendid Inheritance. Ham
mond, though but a poor artist strug
gling to palut pictures worthy to bo
hung In the Salon, declined to accept
nny compensation. lie, however, de
cided to return to America with the
Cutters and on arrival there was per
suaded to go with them to Colorado
and become active In securing their In
heritance, yje finally accepted a con
siderable reward in the person of Mabel
Cutter, whom he married.
GRACE ADA HOWE.
His Correspondent.
[Orlßlnnl.]
In Hie oUlon times, when thing* wore
not nil ready made by mil I lour.. .Joseph
Snnffor slnpppd into a Rtore whore n va
riety of things were kept on Rale.
There were embroidered articles for
women, fancy articles for household
use and lounging articles for men. The
latter consisted of dressing gowns,
smoking Jackets, slippers and such oth
er paraphernalia.
"I'm a bachelor," said tho younjjman
— "a lone, lorn bachelor. lam obliged
to spend n great deal of time In m,v
room, and I may as well bo comfort
nble. What have you In tho line of
■wearing apparel for such use?"
The DhOpkeepor squared himself and
surveyed his customer with calcula
tion In his eyes. "Yes; 1 think they
will fit you." he said at last. "The very
thing — 1» smoking Jacket. Cftp and
slippers, brand new. beautifully em
broidered. I got them In only ynsterdny.
but I will sell the lot very clio.ip." He
produced the articles. The young man
tried them on, and they fitted him fair
ly well. : •
"You sny they tire new?" lie naked.
"They look shop worn."
"Such things are made by tine l.'uller.
In Indigent circumstances, who r.sinl
ly spend a groat deal of time pi) tiiein.
I dare sny they were a year or more l:i
making. Thnt accounts for tholr np
pcarancc."
ganger bought the t'.ilniis for n wing,
took them home and the same uvo!i!ii;.:
put them on. As he saw hlm3olf In n
mirror ho thought them very becom
ing and, a great bargain. Lighting a
clgnr, lie sat down In his cnay clinlr,
fooling very comfortable. Bv.t uotTViilv
standing that he was In fine apparel h»
was miserable. Who can lie h:ippy
with nothing but walla to talk toY
Thrusting his hands into the pockets
of the jacket,? he ran one of them
against a hit of paper. Withdrawing It.
he read:
Tho mnker of this Jacket would like to
correspond with tho purchaser with n
view to matrimony.
"Well, now, 1 like that!" mused Sari
gcr. "That woman has a loag head.
She knew there were even chanccn
the things would fall Into the hands
of a bachelor, that the bachelor would
wear them In a room all alone and
want a wife. My dear, I'll go you."
lie wrote a note and mailed It. H
came back with postmen's notes scrib
bled all over It: "Try hero. Try there.
Try everywhere." Sanger, disappoint
ed, threw It on his dressing case. But
the next evening on returning from
business it was missing. The maid
told him that the postman had asked
for it, having found a party to whom
It might belong. A few days later a
note written on fine paper and bearing
a crest wasi laid on a table in his room.
He opened It and read:
Since placing the note In tho article you
describe prosperity hao come to mo.
Nevertheless I shall be delighted to find a
man who has in him the elements of a
good husband.
There was no mention of the writ
er's age. When Sanger replied, which
bo did at once, he said that his ago
was twenty-six. Before going any fur
ther in the matter he would like to
know the lady's age. There was no
reply to this, and, fearing that she
might be sensitive about her age, he
wrote again, giving the old quotation
"with loving hearts age makes no dif
ference."
Then came an epistle stating that tho
age of the lady who had placed the
paper in the smoking jacket was forty
two. Sanger was much disappointed
and forthwith committed tho note to
the wastebasket. He was not In need
of marrying a fortune and did not pro
pose on any account to marry a wom
an sixteen years his senior.
Meanwhile a lady acquaintance told
him that she wished to Introduce him
to a. young friend of hers. Sangor con
sented and met an attractive girl of
eighteen, with whom he proceeded
straightway to fall In love. Ills pas
sion being reciprocated, an engagement
ensued. When he was 'feeling the hap
piest a note came from his correspond
ent stating that she had looked up his
record, was satisfied with It and was
ready to make his acquaintance. San
ger paid no attention to the note. Pres
ently he received another, stating that
if he thought he could trifle in that
way with unprotected women he was
mistaken. The courts would do her
justice.
Sanger was troubled. It appeared
that he had been drawn Into a trap
by a woman for blackmail. She had
hlB letters, though there was no offer
of marriage In them, so he might as
well write one or two more, trying to
fix the matter up. The replies ho got
puzzled him. They seemed to have
been written rather by a young girl
than a middle aged woman. Indeed,
there was something very unsophisti
cated In them. Ho finally determined
to meet her and find out Just what
kind of an enemy ho was fencing with.
He made an appointment to meet at
a certain spot in the park. Ab ho' was
about to keep It along came a letter
from his fiancee asking him to come to
her at that very hour. This was unfor
tunate, but ho resolved to Ignore the
request. He went to tho park. ",'
As he approached tho rendezvous
whom should he see but his fiancee her
self. He halted, but, having been seen
by her, he, approached. Sho stood
laughing at him. When she had driven
him to the verge of auger sho ex
plained.
Twenty years a gone her mother
wrote ttie vote bo bad found la bis
dressing gown. Ills reply had fallen
Into her hands, uml sho had been hl&
correspondent. She bad secured the
Introduction and bad since been amus
ing herself by continuing tha com-
Bpoudence.
ROSALIE WHITING.
Absolutely Pure
Tho only baking powder
made with Roy at Grape
Cream of Tartar
No Alum, No Lime Phosphate
•J McCALL * y T ni • •*•
j B-r Patterns 1. J. GlaVlllOVlCll j
• LEADING GROCERY STORE i
• MpiS Groceries, Dry Goods, •
• o Furnishing Goods, Boots, 4fc •
» a Shoes, Toilet Articles, •
I c 4fc Hardware, Miners' Sup- •
J R •
S ill plies, Hay, Grain* Etc. •
S Cor. Mam & Court Streets ;
tJACKSON, - - CAL. BazaarPaltern \
MM»«Mt»»W««H«WMW«»»»OMMMOM»MMMM
' 4 >
\\ FINE ASSORTMENT OF TEA AND COFFEE \\
I! CENTRAL GROCERY HOUSE |
- : C. 1 E. Olver & Wm. J. Nettle, jr., Proprietors. « I
\\ Full Line of — ; ;
j • Fresh Groceries, Fruits, Vegetables, ! !
; ; Fresh Fish every Thursday and Friday. ; ;
• North Main .^trftfit larkcnn Cut '< >
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••o»
• NOBTF MAIN STREET JACKSON, CAL •
I CITY MEAT MARKET, j
• GEO. L. THOMAS & CO. •
® . •
j' Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, Hams, •
S Corned Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc, 2
• At lowest market prices. - - - Orders promptly delivered. •
••••••••♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•••♦••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••a
SAVE MONEY
BY USING
PIONEER FLOUR
Because it will "make more loaves
of bread to the sack than any
other. Made from strongest wheat
—MANUFACTURED BY—
o PIONEER FLOUR 11118, UGUHIIO •OFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National Government.
EXECUTIVE
President Theodoiv KooSGVeU
Vice President.. Charles VV. Ktiirbanks
.TUniCtAUY
U. S. BUPRttMB COURT JUSTICES
(Chief Justice Fuller)
First circuit Oliver W. ITolnis
Second circuit.... Hufus W. lVukhain
Third circuit Henery W. BrOWO
Fourth circuit Melville VV. Fuller
Fifth circuit Kdward w. White
Sixth circuit lohn M. Ilarlan
Seventh circuit William U Day
Eiffht circuit David J. lirowor
Ninth circuit Joseph MoKonna
NINTH JUDICAL CIRCUIT
(Pacific Stutus and Territories)
Circuit judge..... William W. Morrow
Circuit judge Kskiro M. Iloss
Circuit judge William B. GllbaPt
U. S. Coramissionor for Amador coun
ty Klcliard \Vobb
legislative'
SENATORS FROM CALIFORNIA
George- C. Perkins and Frank P. Flint
CONGUKSSMEN FROM CALIFORNIA
First district Wm. Enfflebrlght
Second district. . .Duncan E. McKlnlay
Third di9trsct . . .Joseph K. Knowland
Fourth district Julius Kuhn
Fifth district E. A. Hayea
Sixth district James C. Needham
Seventh district James McLachlan
Eighth district.../ S. C. Smith
State Government.
Governor James N. Gillett
Lieut-Govornoi' Warren 11. Porter
Secretary of State. . . .Charles F. Curry
Controller A. B. Nye
Treasurer Win. It. Williams
Attorney-General Ulysses S. Webb
Surveyor-General.. Wm. S. Kingsbury
Supt. State Printiug..W. W. Shannon
Clerk Supreme Court... F. L. Caughey
JUDICARY
SUPREME COURT
Chief Justice Win. H. Beaty
Associate Justice . . . .T. B. McFarland
Associate Justice F. W. Honshaw
Associate Justice W. G. Lorican
Aesociato Justice F. M. Angellotti
Assoctate Justice Luclan Shaw
Associate Justice.... .' M. C. Sloss
APPELLATE. JUSTICES
First district .James A. Cooper
First district- .Samuel P. Hall
First district Frank 11. Korrigant
Second district Matthew T. Alfen
Second district ....... James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw
Third district Norton P. Chlpmun
ThiJd district Albert G. Burnett
Third district Elijah C. Hart
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
First district Joseph H Scott
Second district Alex Brown
Third district Richard E. Collins
Fourth district .J off 1). McElvalne
RAILROAD COMMISSION
First dis trie o Alex C. Twrin
Second district Andrew M. Wilson
Third district. .Theodore Summerland
LEGISLATIVE
Senator, 10th district. .. .A. Caminettl
Asscsmblyinan. 11th dist..G. F. Snyder
U. S. LAND OFFICE ;
[Sacramento]
Register John F. Armstrong
Ileoelver Will A. Newbum
County Government.
Superior Judge Hon. R. C. Rust
Sheriff & Tax Collector. ..US Gregory
Deputy W. T. Connors
District Attorney C. I*. Vicini
Clerk and Auditor J. H. Iluborty
Deputy L- Newman
Recorder D A. Patterson
Deputy L. G. Meohau
Treasurer George A. Grltton
Assessor C. E. Jarvis
Deputy George A. Gordon
Survoror W'ta. Brown
Supt. of SchoU.....W. H. Greenbalgh
Supt. Hospital '. P. B. LoMoin
Physician E. V.. Endieott, M. D.
Corner & Public Admr. . .11. E. Potter
Court Commissioner.... Geo A Gordon
BOARD OV SUPERVISORS
Township 1... .John Strohm, Jackson
Township 2\V. Amlck,[Chairraun]lone
Township U A. Grlllo, Volcano
Township 4D. A. Frasor Biittor Creek
Township 5 L. Burke, Plymouth
JUSTICES OK THE PEACE
Township No. 1 A. Goldner
Township No. 2 T. 11. Gartliu <
Township No. li A. W. Robinson
Township No. 4 W. L. Roso
Township No. 5 John Blower ,
UONSTAIILKS
Township No. 1 A. Luvorono
Township No. 2 J. K. Kelloy
Township No. !! T. C. MeKonze
TowiibhipNo. 4 T. S. Tuttlo
Township No. 5. . N. E, Wheeler
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weekly for the Ledger,
I'ortrnita by Unve Artists.— Hoap t'nl
sonlng.—l'tlsou Mgshhisoh.— Kloo
tiidol Hesnscltatlou. -Hlag Cement,
— I'neumouin Herum.— Autoinntio
Dumper Insulation, - Uhetnical
Flro Kxtlnguishois. -llydrogon J'or
oxide Milk.
Tjifl only known examples of pnlnt
itiga of rrinn by prehistoric cave do-
COratotß nnvo Junt boon discovered by
Kenu Jciiiuiul in tho l'ortol Grotto, a
ciivo «j[ Louhona, in Ariego, France,
wlioro Noll lot liad nlioady found
(Jntiternnry remains mid human bonus.
About lorly sketches in black or rod—
only ono 'v both colors— adorn tho
cavo ng froscoos, and two roprosont
men of n primltivo tyj.>o, wlillo the
others show bisou, boars uud horses.
Of tho human flguteH, one nna a long
bead with retreating forehead, while
the other allows a iemarkably npo like
pose, with rounded back and arms
pendent in front. There is a crouch
ing boar, but the lioreoa urn mostly
galloping and poorly drawn, although
the fore<iuni'tora of a uoisu are quite
skillfully figured in black upon one
of the darkest walla of tho cavern.
Soap ia not regarded us dangerous,
but n liermun physician records two
cases of filial poisoning by it, and
warning is given that the material
should be kept out of reach of the
insane, and children. Each of the
victims — both insane poisons— ato a
odko of ordinary soap, death follow
ing in one case in an bout and in the
other case in two days. Analysis
showed no distinctly poisonous in
gredient, and the fatal effects could
be attributed only to the material as
soap. Heart action was rapidly
diminished before death.
A remarkable secret writing of the
prisons bas been brought to notice in
Uerinuuy by Prof. Uross. A well
moistened sheet of writing paper is
laid on a hard smooth surface under
a dry sheet, a hard point being then
used to write on tho latter, which is
at once destroyed. The writing,
which disappears from tho bottom
sheet on gradually drying, rnappears
distinctly as otton as thu sheet is
moistened.
Continuing the experiments of M.
Leduc, who hay shown how oletrical
sloep may be produced, Miss L.
Hobiuovitou. M. L). , of New York,
bas made a special study of local
anaesthesia produced by intermittent
low tension electric currents of con
stant direction and of artificial elec
trical respiration as v means of re
suscitating tho apparently dead.
Local anaesthesia, easily produced in
the forearm by a cm rent of 25 volta,
is ottou employed in her piactice.
In rabbits and other small animals, a
current of 5 or 0 volts went through
the body causes a peaceful sleep,
which may last for hours, but a sud
denly broken current of D 5 volts or so
gives the phouomouo of epilepsy (con
vulsions, frothing at tho mouth, etu. ),
continuing for a few minutes to half
an hour, while tho action of 12 to ID
volts is quite different, rosulting in
real electrocution in half v minute to
one minute. Dr. Kublnovitcu has
found, howovor, that tho electrocuted
animal may be brought back to lit' o
by intermittent electrical impulses in
tho aanio rhythm as respiration. Ibis
gives artificial respiration, speedily
followed by resuscitation, nnd prompt
application may revive uud save tho
lives of persons whose heart beats have
ceased alter accidental shocks up to
2000 volts. Tho surue method will
prove valuable ;iu resuscitating pa
tients who huvo succumbed to chloro
form or ether.
A material equal to tho best Port
land cement is now claimed from
bla.sl-fiii'iiacn slag as a product of tho
Uowper-Colea proooKS. The slag is
taken while still molten and tait-ed
to greater heat by moans of an elec
tric resistance furnace, tho uocessary
amount of chalk being added, ami
then certain inactions are brought
about by electrolysis. High grade
cement is thus obtained at very low
cost.
The now serum with whioh Dr.
liortraud of Antwerp, claims to cuie
piieniiioiiin, is applied iv four or live
injections aggiogatiug not worn than
half a cubic inch -no other curative
serum tuking elfect In such small
doses. HnrioiiH symptoms disappeared
in loss than :i(J hours, even iv ad
vanced Htiiges when> danger was in
creased by habits of habitual drunk
eunesss.
The regitlionu is a novel apparatus
for tho autumutic control of the
dampoi'H of furnaces uud stoves, and
it acts with such woudertul urouipt
uoss and euergy that tho heat of a
caudle applied for tho traction ot a
minute wilt cuuhu it to raise a man of
100 pounds several inches. A small
amount of volatile liquid in her
uietioully Healed <v the instrument.
FRIDAY. MAY 15, 1008.
Ah the surrounding temperature rises
or falls, the vnpor ot this aubatanco
changes Its pressure ono-bnlf pound
per Kc|ii:irn Inch for ea"h dogree, nnd
a rise of n single dfi«rco develops h
force of 15 pounds within tho motor.
This force cxpanda the vessel hnlf nn
Inch. The nioteniflut la mngnilled
Giglftiold in transmission to thn
dampers, changing Hie latter four
Inches, and In this way the tempera
tnro of Hie rooni or biilHiog ia ro
gulnled within narrow limlta.
Air-light ri'snrvoirs of ammonia arc
EUggnnlofl by n (lerninu authority na n
protection ngnlnat Urn. On one
occasion the ignition of about 00 j?nl
lons of benzine iv au iron tnnk creat
ed n veritable aoa of llnmo, but tho
prompt application, of seven quarts of
amtnunin stilled tho lire, nnd it few
minutes lutct workmen found* the
iron tank to be uninjured. Another
oiTccUvo extinguisher. Is a saturated
solution of alum, which forms n thin
coating, mill thus stnps combustion
by cutting oil' thu air supply.
A piocesig ot storillzing milk that
unlike most methods, intioducoa no
siihatnnce having injurious or di^
nfireejible effect, is that of adding orw
twouty-llft.h of one per cout of
hydrogen peroxide". The milk Is pre
served many days, alinnfit absolutely
freed from niicro-orgauisims. In tests
reported from liudupest, riiscai-e
germs — like enteric lover, cholera,
dyfoutory and tuberculosis— won;
added, but quickly disappeared and
loft no traco. Neither the taste of
tho milk nor its digestibility were in
the least perceptible degreo altered.
C 3 :^ -..■,.• tO 2T3. n £±» i
AetM tho /■; c Klf.d Yon Hav3 Always Bouyi
4 L
MADE FOR SERVICE
IN THE ROUGHEST WEATHER
AND GUARANTEED ABSOLUTELY
% <^yR\
MM^/%Sk pommel
®VK. I -^SxV SLICKERS
S y\^/^M^\ This trade mark
(\ EuAl M\ V\ and the word
AyVwG\ \fkS Tower on ihe
\s^MVA H\ V/\ buttons distln-
\\V^\ j\ g uis h this high
1 Y>\V V\f 7/ I) 'grade slicker from
6o* > \\\P J' ,the just as good
•o.*. •t.T.^f,? Co . "!? st o n ua • brand*
E. MARRE & BRO."
Wtaoles»le Doalers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestlc|
Wines*Liquors*Ciprs
JACKSON CAL.
r\ISTRIHUTING AGENTS FOR .T. F. MAR
U toll Cognac, Moet & Chaudon, Whito Sea'
nnd Prlviito (Juvuo Chnrnini^nu; Morgan Hi'uh.
Puerto do Santa Maria Sherries: lioyul VViuw
Company, (iporlo. Port Wines: Dubos Kn-res,
llorrtcaiix. Clarots and .Sautornes; CANADIAM
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Wulkor&Sons, Urn-
iteJ, WalkurvillK, Ontario, Canada: John do
Kuypnr&Zoon, Cotterdum, 3ln; Oillta Kuum-
mel, Irom J. A, Gilka, lierlin; Darthlooinay
Hrewery Company. Rochester, N. V,, Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Guinness.
Stout and Uass' Alo (hottled by Read liroß.
London); Can trell & Coohrano, Belfast, Giritfer
Ale; Nngleu JlruDdy; Reirouonud American
WUiskies
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this lioad, not oxveed-
ings linos, will be inserted at s()c per montli, or
5 cents per line for loss than ono month.
A LTj kinds of UlunUs for U. S. Land I'lltnirs— '
ix - HoinustiiUd, Timber and Mineral t>luul>a —
may bo had. at thu dodger ottice; also deuds
mort),'a(,'us. mining locations, proof of labor
and otlier lokul blanks kept foriialu.
Mining Hlgnalfl ou cJotb, required
to bo no.st.cd in all mines, for bule ut
the Ledger olllco.
For Halo— Liot or Uouclioh, formerly
used in Webb bull; (i and 8 ieet long;
suitable lor show place, cliurchitH, <^10.
Will be sold elieHfj; apply at .Ledger
olllco.
Acknowledgment bltinlta for nutu-
rleu, epeuinlly printed for Amador
county, muy be hud ut ths Ledger
olllce. frioe 500 per jjuuket ot SU.
Copies of tho Jlcense ordinance of
the CJity of Jackson iv pamphlet form
muy be liad at the Lodger olllce; price
15c. ouoli.
For Hale or Kent.— The Johua hou.-o
and Jot opposite skating rink on
liroudway street, Juckson. Inquire
of Win. (j; Buydor, Jackson, Cul.
Cheap for cash.— Ono gentle mure
with haruoss completo, and light
sprlujj wagou. Apply ut E. S. Pitoia,
■ ' <■ ■ . ■ -i
Jucksou.
I'or Heut— Two trout rooms in the
Webu ball building, miitaUlu for
oltioes. Apply at Ledgor ottJue.
Furnished Kooms to lot: inquire at
Ledger otfioe.
Real Estate Wanted.
Wanted. — Would like to hoar at
once from owuer haviuK good medium
size fiiriii or Hiuxll liiiHiini.sa for biile
Iv any good proiperuni • locality,
l'luuse givo plica uud description ami
reasou for tsollinu. UtHtu when
pos»i!hHi(in ouu bu hud. No agents
need reply. Address Lock Druwer
USI, Kooheater, N. Y.
Too Much Collection.
A Scottish gentleman paying a visit
to London we!« taken by bifl nopliew to
a nervlce In St. l'mil's cathedral, Hn
bad no acquaintance whatever ■with
tho Htnrgy of ths Charch of England.
H(! picked tip n bi'ayer book and be
enthd very much Interested) but ns ho
turned over tho loaves his face bc
ciimo clouded With a look of Intense
Hnsiotj*. iic> placed the prayer book
carefully down, looked cautiously
nronnti, picked up hla lint nnd crept
fitcaltlilly to tin! door. Ilia nephew
followed hl::i nnd tr.'u'i:
I' Ate you 111, imeloV Whnt la the
matter?'.'
The undo replied! "Xo. But it. h
enough to tneka any man 111 to kco the
number of collection:} wndo In thld
klrkH
"Collections P? said tho nephew, In
Burprlne. "if there Is any nt all, there
certainly won't bo more than one."
"Well." Nnid tho im<;le, "they should
no' mark no many In the book. There's
naethlng but 'collect' nnd bits of
prayer, then 'collect' uud more prayers,
and 'collect' again. And Bnyß Ito my-
Bol', 'if I bldo hero until all thp.se col
lections are ta'en, I'll no' have a buw
boo In ma pocket!' "—London Tit-Bits.
How Indians Tan Deerskin.
The Kkin dressing of the Indians,
holh buffalo ami deer skius. Is general
ly very beautiful and soft. They
stretch tho skin either on a frame or
Oil the ground, and after It has remain
ed there for three or four days, with
the brains spreud over the fleshy side,
they grain it with n. sort of adz or
chisel. After the process of graining,
though tho skin is apparently beauti
fully finished, it passes through uu
bther process— that of Bmoklng. For
this they hang the skin on a frame
in a Dinoke proof house or tent. The
fire is made at the bottom out of rot
ten wood, which produces a utrong and
peculiar smell. The fire must be smoth
ered to make the smoke. The grained
skins must be kept in tho smoke for
three or four days, and after this the
skins will always remain the same,
even after being wet, which does not
belong to the dressed skins In civilized
countries.— "Life Among tho Indians."
Tho Partitions of Poland.
There have been three partitions of
Poland. The first was in 1772, when
Prussia took the palatinates of Mal
berg, Pomoria and Warinia, a part of
Culm and a part of Groat Poland. Aus
tria took Kcd Russia; or Galicla; a
part of Podolia, Sandomlr and Cracow,
and Ilussla took Whito Uussia, with all
the part beyond the Dnieper. The sec
ond partition was in 17'J3, by which
Prussia acquired the remainder of
Great and a portion of Little Poland,
and the Russian boundary was ad
vanced to the center of Lithuania and
Volhynia. In the third and final par
tition, in 1793, Austria had Cracow,
with the country between the Pillca
and the Vistula. Prussia had the cap
ital, with the territory as far as tho
Nlemen, while the rest went to Russia.
—New York American.
A Dramatic Author.
Like most actor managers, Macready
was pestered by would be dramatic au
thors. An ambitious youug fellow
brought him a live act tragedy one
morning to Drury Lane.
"My piece," modestly explained the
author, "is a chef d'oeuvre. I will an
swer for its success, for I have con
sulted the sanguinary taste of the pub
lic. My tragedy Is so tragic that all
the characters are killed off at the end
of the third act."
"With whom; then," asked the man
ager, "do you carry on tho action of
the last two acts?"
"With the ghosts of those who died
in tho third!"— Cornhill Magazine.
Gray Versus Brown Camels.
The jength of a stage varies through
out Persia; depending on the character
of the country, and is reckoned in l'ar
saks, the old Greek parnsang. Tho far
sal: is a most elastic and uncurtain
measure, umi as animals are paid for
per farsak as many as the credulity of
tho traveler will allow are crowded
Into each stage. "How far," I once
asked an old Kurdish muleteer, "is a
farsak?" "As far as one can distin
guish a gray from a brown camel,"
was the discreet answer. They aver
ago about four miles and tho stage
about six farsaks, or twenty-five miles.
-Atlantic.
Thoucht Ho Could Buy Them Cheap
Elderly German (as he calls at a
lodging house door)— Clad lady, I snw.
yos, der advertisement in der evening
paper dat you have v pair of pajamas
to sell, yes? Doardlng House Mistress
(Indignantly)— Pajamas! You old fool,
do you think this Is a department
ctore? Where is the advertisement V
The German (producing the advertise
ment and reading It aloud)— " For sale,
you almost new bedroom suit, cheab!
Gall and see It."— Bohemian.
Eats 'Em Alive.
"Dora thl3 Cos Hl«> strangers?"
"Loves 'eiu, ma'am."
"AVell, I must have n dog that does
not like strangers."
"As I van about to Bay, nia'ain,
when you Interrupted me, this dog
loves strangers an' has eaten several
of 'em, ma'am. Yes. ma'am, thank
you!"— Houston Post.
Lingering Animosity.
"Thoso two families In the adjoining
flats who used to ho at daggers drawn
have been reconciled, haven't they?"
"I don't know. They profess friend
ship, but one family jjuve the little boy
hi the other a Mk toy drum, and the
Keconil family gave tho lirst one's old
est boy a ilddle."— ltaltimoro Amer'can.
Lifo Is but a fleetlua show, but It Is
nevertheless the greatest show on
earth.— Atchison Globe.
ESTABLISHKD 1855.
THE
■
m ADO U 1 F Dlirß
Fublisbcd in the Center of the Richest
Mother Lode Gold Belt.
Printed every Friday Afternoon.
R. Webb, Editor and Proprietor. M. F. Calkins, Business Manager.
'JDJzlb Oldest
H^Eost [ZrL£lijLerLtla,l
n^Zcst T^TldLQl^r Clrc-cLla,ted
-A-rLd. 0rj.137- -A-11-IHozne
Paper published in Amaclor County.
The Best Advertising Medium
Republican is politics
But the slave of no party
And the foe of all political and Official Cliques and Rings
Free and Independent in the discussion of all matters pertaining to
to the Local Government
Fearless in the ventillation and exposure of Official Wrong Doio<:
The Paper for the Family
For the Farmer
For the Miner
For the Merchant and Business Man
For the Taxpayers and Citizens General].',
Two Dollars per year]
If paid strictly in advance; otherwise $2.50 will bo charged.
OUR CLUBBING RATES:
Ledger and Dally Call, ono year. B 900 Lecierer and Weekly Chicago In-
Lei'sor and Weekly Call one year 320 t9«-Ocoan
T - i"n.n vii • i L«;d{jer and Cosmopolitan Maga-
Le<\£er and Daily Chronicle, ono  one yeai . ' *. „T3
yeiU% 9 00 Ledgor and McCall's Magazino, 1
Lee per ■ nd Weekly Chronicle, year, including free pattorn 2 50
ODO year 8 00 Ledger and Pandex of tho Press 2 73
Lodger and Daily Examiner lyear !) 00 1 Lodger and Pictorial Review 2 50
Our Job Printing Department
Is' the most Completo to be found int tho mountains.
Up-to-date presses, Simplex Typesetting Machine, Folder, Perforating
Machine, Numbering and Punching Machines.
We buy our paper stcck from Manufacturers at Bottom prices.
Billheads, Letter Heads, Statements.
Pamphlets, Posters, Dodgers,
Checks, Receipts, Tags,
Business and Visiting Cards,
Programs, Etc.
All kinds of Legal .Blanks, Briefs and Transcripts printed promptly and
neatly. In short, wo can do anything in the printing lino
OTTDES DFZESICIEIS ai©
We Can an Do Compete with City Prices.
If you have anything in the printing line, don't send it away but pat
rontze homo industry t
78
LOCAL EDITORIAL COLUMN.
THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTION.
As we go to press we learn from private sources that in
the struggle for control of the republican state convention
between the organization forces and the Lincoln-Roosevelt
leaguers the former won by a slender margin. The
reformers were much stronger than the machine men cal
culated. Geo. A. Knight, candidate of the state committee,
was elected chairman over W. R. Davis by 71 votes. The
following were elected delegates at large to the national con
vention: Geo. A. Knight, M. H. De Young, Judge Melvin,
and Jacob H. Neff. The latter was a candidate of the
leaguers, and must have beaten Gen. Otis of Los Angeles.
The Amador delegation demonstrated their independence.
They were tied to neither faction, and split evenly on the
main issue. C. H. McKinney and Wra. G. Snyder voted
•for the Roosevelt league candidates, and H. E. Potter and
Dr. Woolsey with the regulars. Practically, Amador count
ed for naught. It is nevertheless true however, that political
conventions would command far greater respect if every dele,
gate acted like the Amador representatives, on their indi
vidual convictions, uninfluenced by political intrigues.
We are told that during the meeting of the board it was
stated by some one that Ruhser's stationery bid was really
Webb and Ruhser. Even if it were so,, we are at a loss to
understand how that should have any bearing whatever on
the consideration of the bids. The editor of the Ledger
claims the rights of any other citizen as regards a public
contract. It is "his privilege to put in a bid for stationery,
solely or jointly, if he so pleases. He will state, however,
that all such rumors are circulated from ulterior motives,
-without the shadow of foundation. The writer was no more
financially interested iv the stationery bids than the
man in the moon. When he wants to bid, he will do so
openly and in his own name. We desire fair dealing in all
county contracts, while it is very plain from the facts that
there is a stroug undercurrent in the opposite direction.
The Ledger proposes to fight this proposition to a finish.
Those vested with a brief authority mistake the spirit of
their constituents very sadly if they imagine the people can
be fooled all the time in this fashion. Political combination,
backed by patronage, is strongly entrenched, often power
ful to perpetuate wrongly, but it is not as strong as the- sense
of right among the masses of the voters. The intelligent
appeal to public opinion must eventually break down a
system so reeking with abuses. The abbetors are already
trying to sidestep, by cutting out a few of the glaring defects,
but retaining sufficient to continue the same system. In
the end it must fall, even though the builders go down with
the building.
We heartily congratulate our contemporary the Dispatch,
upon having embarked upon a continuous crusade of abuse.
There is a vast difference between the proper ventilation of
public matters in a newspaper aud personal ab # use. The
first is a duty imposed upon every editor resolved to fulfill
his obligations to his readers. The latter is rarely if ever
defensible under any circumstance. Our contemporary,
impelled by the push, aud in the spirit of sheer desperation,
falls into the groove with, becoming grace. We are per
fectly satisfied for him to continue in the role.
REPORT OF CONDITION OF
BANK OF AIM DOR COUMTY
MAY 1. 1908.
■■ ■.'•'■•'
ASSETS. LIABILITIES. .', ...
Bank premises & furniture 8 79i:i.a5 Capital paid in coin - S 30000
Loans, Stockß, llonds, etc 3'21C40.:« Surplus & undivided profits 3U138.70
Money on fcaud iv Bank - '2239'J0.Ul Deposits - - - 487417.59
Bj')C.ss(i. 2U 855()5. r )G. '2'J
J CIHCIiIZOLA, A. (JINOCCIIIO, G. L. CULBEKT,
j. utu^Ye B ideiit. Vice President. Uuthier and Manager.
DIUEUTOHS.
' J Cbicblzola, B. V. Taylor, A. Uiuocobio, Wm. J. MoUee, V. Urignolo,
•C. K.'lJowus, A. (Jriilo, U. L. Culbert, VV. I- 1 . Detert.
GREET THE FLEETS
anh ADMIRAL EVANS
With tho 10 Battleships at San Francisco May Gth.
•.*ILDW*RATESI*
Round Trip Tickets Sold May 2nd to I Oth in-
clusive at Ih rate. Good for 10 days' trip.
nearoßt agent for dotails.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
AMADOU LEDGER, JACKSON, CAL.
THE STATIONERY BIDS.
We herewith publish for general in
formation the two bids that, were
acted upon by the hoard of super*
visors at, their last meeting in award
i ing the contract for stationery sup
piles tor the enaulnff year. Thn first
column is the bid of I''. W. Hnh*nr,
and the second la the lint of Vela A
I'lccnrdo, to whom . after, due turn
sideratlon II whs decided to award
the contract, on tne ground that It
was the lowest bid. Th« house Mini.
was given the contract baa been sup
plying the Htationery for the county
for a number of years, under a con
tract and proposals for bids which
have been ventlluted in these column
at different times. J he absurdities
ot the published J let have been re
peatedly held up before the public,
and It followed as a matter of course
that if the advertised list, of articles
was ridiculous and unintelligible in
many respects, the contract for sup
plies based upon that list must par
take of the same character. This
16 lbs. Koyal Mills Legal Cap or equal, per ream • • $1 25 $2 50
16 lbs. lioyal Mills Koois Cap or equal, per ream - - 75 75
16 lbs, Koyal Mills Uili Cap or equal, per I earn ... 50 28
12 lbs. Ashlaud letter cap or equal, per ream 25 10
12 lbs. Oakland letter cap or equal per ream - - 25 GO
5 lbs. Ashland note paper cap or equal per ream - 25 10
5 lbs. Oakland note paper cap or equal, per ream -' - 25 20
Linon typewriter paper, margin ruled, Bxl3 I*2, 14, 16 and
18 lbs. per roam - . . v . . . . . 100 45
Same naper, plain, per ream " ■ . . . . . ioo 25 off
Typewriters carbou paper, silk spuu. manufactured by Mill
tag <fc Volgar, 100 sheets, per box r - - - 1 00 2 50
Koyal typewriter curbon paper, per box • ... 175 150
Paragon Smith-Premier ribbons, best quality, each * 50 50
Olllciul repottora note hooka, each - ' - • 20 20
Manilla legal tablets, hlackstoue, 2502 each 25 doz 1 00
Manilla legal tablets, blackstone, 2501 each - • 05 " 120
No. 81 Chancellor tablets, oac'i - • • 05 10
Ulbeos desk pads, differeut sizes, or equal, each • 01 10
Sanfords premium writing fluid or equal, per quart - . 25 :<5
Carters writing fluid or equal per quart - - 05 35
Uarnos writing fluid or equal, per quart • - 100 (30
Saufords carmiue writing fluid or equal, per quart - 10 15
Sautords library pasto, or equal, large flizo bottle each • 85 15
Sautords library paste, or equal, medium size each - 50 35
Sanfords library paste, or equal, small uizo each - 25 10
Sanfords ink erasers, each : - - - 20 05
Sanfords superior muoilage, per quart . - - 05 . 05
Tracing cloth, best quality, per yard - ■ 10 35
Denuisous gummed gold wafer seals. No. 56, per box - 20 20
Challenge eyelets, No. 1 small boxes each • • '25 2 U0
Challenge eyelets press, No. 1, eaoh - - 25 y r>o
Steel erasers, each • - - - 05 ' U5
Kulera, rubber, 12 inch, each 05 05
Kulera, wond, 12 inch, each - - - - 01 05
Ostrich feather dusters 12, 14, and 16 inch each - 1 25 1 83
Letters trays, each - - - - ,05 00
A. W. Fabers I. <& P. rubber erasers or equal, eaoh - - 05 50
Yale inkstands each 05 20 Common Inkstands, each - 01 05
falcon files, each - - - • 25 , 2f>
Blotting paper. 4x9 inches, per dozen' - - 05 03
Morgana Mucilage reservoirs, No. 6, each - 03 , 02
Hillots No. 401 pen, per gross - - - 25 40
lilllots No. 303 pen, per gross • - - - 25 15
X tisterorooks J M B pens, per gross ! - - 30 15
X Usterbrooks 043 falcon pens, per grass - 50 ]5
X tisterbroaka oblique pens, per gros^ - - 25 '■"'"" ID
X Esterbrooks No. 248 pens, per gross - - 25 y. 15
X Esterbrooks No 149 pens, per gross '■■'■ ■' - - '50 ' . 10
1.) Leonard* ball pointed pens, No SUG3 per gross : - - 25. "v 15
Leon Isaacs Ulucinnm pens, Noa 1-2-8, per gross - . - 1 25,*'. 100
Speuceriau pens, No 1 per gross - - 25 ' 10
Fabers round gilt Nos 2to 5, per dozen ' - - 25 ;»',■..■' 30
JJixous American graphic pencils, round, per grosa - - 05 (« 35
Uixous operators peucils, No 30U, per gross - - 20 K5
Eagle pencil hexagon, maroou, per gross - - 20 10
American Pencil Cos, velvet lead rued, per gross - - 20 10
American Pcucil Cos, Nhikerbooker, No 2,. per gross - 05 10
H S Crockors No 221 pencil recording, per gros3 ■ " - 20 10
II S Crockers No 217 pencil recording; per gross - - 3 50 4 00
Kobinour coDyiug pencil, per dozeu - - 1 00 1 00
Mongol No 2, per dozen - - 05 50
E C Simmons extra grade, No 2, pergross - - 10 C 00
Kahevs No 1 penholders, per dozen - - 10 25
H S Crdcke'is Koyal No 222, por dozen ' ■ - - 0b 75
Towers bank penholders, No 88, per dozeu - -10 50
Knveiupes, full government No 1 rag, XXX No 0 per 1000 - 100 1 00
Envelopes, full government No 1 rag XXX No 'J per 1000 - 200 110
Envelopes, full government-No 1 rag XXX, No lv, per 1000 - 225 2 25
Envelopes, lull government'No 1 rag," No 11 per 1000 - 200 <5 00
Envelopes full government No 1 rag, No 12 por 1000 - 2 50 '.i 40
Envelopes lull government No 1 rug," XXX No 14, per 10: C - 100 350
Envelopes, full government No 2 rug XXX No 0, per 1000 - 20 20
Envelopes, full government No 2 rag XXX No 9, per 1000 - 25 30
Envelopes, full government No 2 rag XXX No 10, per 1000 - 30 40
Envelopes, full government No 2 rag XXX JNo 11, per 10U0 - 35 50
Euvolopua, full govei'ument No 2 rag; XXX No 12, per 10UO 35 00
Envelopes, fuil government i\o 2 rng XXX No 14, per lUOU -3i) -70
Uoodyear rubber bauds, bank assortment, per box 80 7^
Uoodyear rubber bands, cashiers at-sortmout, per box - - 40 40
(Jnodyoar rubber bauds, oflice ussnrtmeut, per box - - 25 30
(iooiiyear rubber bauds, brokers assortment, per box - 10 20;
Goodyear rubber hands, desk assortment, por box - - ' 05 15
Adding up the two columns as they
stand, we find that tbe Kuhser bid
amounts to. 813.70 and the Vela &
Picoardo bid to 58.48, sbowiug a
difference of 814.72 in favor of the
first named bid.- Ho that on its face
tbe Kubser bid is nearly one-third
lower than that of tbe other linn.
Tho law is mandatory, the contract for
such supplies must be awurdod to tho
lowest. The supervisors have no
discretion in the matter. It would
be a pcreaming farce to make it othor
wise. Still, notwithstanding the
facts the contract was given to tbe
highest bidder, on the plea that it
was thn lowest. Jiy what procoss of
legerdeuiaiu figuring did they arrive
nt. such a conclusion. We presume it
was manipulated this wise: they
considered the articles mostly user],
J lio items upon which Vela &
Piccurdo's bid was the lowest, tboy
concluded tbat a large quantity of
such supplies would be nemJed;
tbe items iuMvbicb Kubsor's bill was
lower, they hold -that <lilt|o or, liotli
ing would be required, and/ in this
way reachedi'tbd. concluslo^i that it
College of Notre' Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA
JJourdlug "lid day school conducted by tho
StstrrN of Notru Duuiu(Numur). Founded
lU lh.'l!>.
Tito curiculum embruues all tho brunches of a
Hollil Kni;llsh education. I'rupuratory and
advanced courses to art, languuuoi und muulo
For furthor tufuruiutlon u'ldie.ss
mii BIBTCR SUPERIOR
Ledger & Chicago Inter-Ocean, $2.50
ynnr some of the jokers were elimi
nated from the list of articles, but
not nil, as we pointed out in a pre
vious nrtiole, and rr the bids we now
publish fully demonstrate. It Iiiih
become the fasblou In this county to
much n call for bids for stationery
in finch language that loopholes are
loft for. sharp practice. A lot of
nrtioleu that are not wanted, nnd
never called for are sandwiched In
with the legitimate list, and thereby
the bidders are afforded a lot of soope
for the exercise of the tanult.y of be*
fogging the whole subject matter nnd
fooling the people of Amndor county.
Snob business will certainly tool the
uninitiated, but cannot deceive trie
mini who 1* posted on such matters.
There can be no laudable object in
stuffing the stationery roll with a
mass of articles that are not only
never called for, but could not be
furnished even if they were called
for, iiiiiHiniuih as they are not manu
factured :
would be a Having to Amador county
to accept the higher bid.
Looking over tho list it is. easy to
see from its muke-up tbat by wutsh a
method the contract could be award
ed to whomsoever they pleased. It in
stuffed with a lot of itema that are
not expected to be called for. Out of
twelve itema in envelopes, at least six
of them nro mere fillers— not called
for, but helping only in tbe hood
winking process. Penß, pencils aud
rubber bauds are in the same cate
gory. Tbe bidders knew tbat a wbole
lot ot the articles ure illegitimate,
aud fasbiouod their bids according to
this theory. lor instance, Simmons
[iiinc.il is Hated by one bidder at 10c
por gross, aud by the other at 80 per
gross. tlfare is a difference of sixty
times as much. O( oourso one asßum
od tbat uouo would be lurnlsbed, aud
the other took tho opposite view.
Aud so it, is pretty much down the
line. The niothod that leavos such
loopholes is reeking with dishonesty.
If Ih unfair to bidder in good
f»itii^.«w«d furthermore destroys tbe
Ipwew/bid system.
' "Heavy, impure blood makes a
muddy, pimply complexion, bead-
iKtlioH, nausea, indigestion. '1 It in
blood makes you weak, pale, sickly.
Uuidnok Ulood Hitters makea the
blood rich, led, pure— restores per-
fect health.
Folger's Express.
All baggage promptly delivered.
Onlora strictly attended to. Folder's
KxpteuH, duekuoii. Mrs M. I'olger,
phone IJluok 401, Leave orders at
Wella Fargo express otlloe, Maiu ill,
The Tailor and th« Collage Humorist.
Perennial victims of the humoiwn*
paper at Yale ere tbr fnmlllnr cumput
characters, Jim Donnelly, the police
man; Pop Wonier, the "teeming «•
presaman," so called because he deliv
ers hts goods In an automobile, nnd
Rosenberg Sons, thp suit pressrrs,
about whom, In n Pegaslnn flight of
distress at the time of the junior
prom., the llecord uttered these wing
ed words:
Oli, Rosenberg, <lnnr Rosenberg,
Thy iiuna we'll no'er forget.
That milt of clothe*
God only knows.
Fm waiting for t)t#in yet.
I'll mlsii that train.. V\l go Insane
And rip nnd tear and' cuss.
Jtmt out of reach
There (foes thnt peaoftj
I'Va missed my chnnea to fun.
With this same suit presser as hero,
the story is told on a popular pro
fessor that In leading chapel one morn*
ing be stopped short, leaned over and
whispered excitedly to- the choir,
"What's the name of that song, 'Press
On, Christian Soldier. Press On? 1 "
"Rosenberg!" came from- a dozen men
nt once. "We'll ring three stanzas of
Rosenberg!" said the lender, with ec
clesiastical assurance;.— El R. Kmbr.ee
in Bohemian.
In a NUraglyeerirr "Hill."
In the "danger area" the severest
discipline is maintained. All entrances
are carefully guarded by searchers,
who rigorously examine every indi
vidual that doslres to enter, relieving
him of any metallic objects that may
be carried upon. Ills person, together
with matches and: other suspicious ob
jects which upon coining into contact
with the dangerous chemicals used in
this zone might provoke' serious trou
ble. No matter how often an employee
engaged Within the- hill rimy pass In
and out. every time' he- enters he must
submit to this preliminary and essen
tial operation. There are also some
500 girls employed, and: tbese are un
der the charge- of matrons. Hairpins.
ordinary pins, shoe- buttons, metal pegs
within the soles- of the- shoes, knitting
and other needles- ore all religiously
barred. Their hair is tied with braid
or ribbon, and, as with, tbe male em
ployees, every time they enter the
"danger area" they are similarly
searched by the- matrons. — Scientific
American.
A Hard Knock.
Railroad claim agents have little
faith In their fellow creatures. One
safd recently: "Every time I settle a
claim with one of these bard headed
rural residents who wants the railroad
to pay twice what he would charge the
butcher if he gets a sheep killed, 1
think of this story, illustrative of the
way some people want to bold the rail
road responsible for every accident, of
whatever kind, that happens. Two
Irishmen were driving home from
town one night when tbeir buggy ran
Into a ditch, overturned, and they were
both stunned. When a rescuer came
along and revived them the first thing
one of them said was. 'Where's the
train?' 'Why, there's no train around.'
he was told. 'Then where's the rail
road?' 'The nearest railroad is three
miles away.' he learned. 'Well, well,'
he commented. 'I knew it bit us pret
ty hard, but I didn't suppose it knock
ed us three miles from tbe track!' "—
Argonaut.
Tho Pago Between.
A New Orleans woman, well known
for her work for charity, recently ac
cepted an Invitation to speak at an
anti-tuberculosis meeting. On the plat
form she fouud herself seated between
a bishop and a rabbi, and the tone of
tbe meeting seemed to be rendered ex
tremely solemn by the combination.
In order to lighten the solemnity, she
said, turning to the rabbi. "Do you
know, I feel as If I were a leaf be
tween tbe Old and the New Testa
ments."
The rabbi turned a sad eyed gaze
.upon her.
"Yes, madam." he said. "and. If you
will recall, that page is usually a blank
one." .
She Was a Bit Bashful.
Mr. I'eet, a very diffident man. was
unable to prevent himself being intro
duced one evening to a fascinating
young lady, who, misunderstanding his
name, constantly addressed him as Mr.
Peters, much to the gentleman's dis
tress. Finally summoning up the cour
age, lie earnestly remonstrated: "Oh.
don't call me Peters. Call me Peetr
"Ah, but I don't know you well
enough, Mr. Peters," said the young
lady, blushing, as she withdrew be
hind her fan.— London Telegraph.
The Onion In Cooking.
The grentost of French cooks, being
asked to give tho secret of bis success,
answered: "The very foundation of all
good cooking Is butter nnd onion! 1
use them In all my sauces nnd gravies.
They have the effect of making: a cus
tomer come back for more. Butter
without onion will drive the customer
away after a few days. 801 l tho onion
till it molts or entirely disappears;
then add the butter and call tho mix
ture stock."— Exchange.
Artificial Flies.
Dame Julluim IJerners. prioress of
the nunnery of Sapwell, near 8t Al
bans, England, was tho author of tho
first book on ungllutf in the English
language, printed in 1400. Sho gives
a Hat of twelvo files, nnd now, after a
lapse of more than four centuries, arti
ficial flies, constructed after her formu
las, would prove as successful as any
of the up to date creations.
Helpless.
Ella— What a helpless girl she is!
Stella— Yes. If somebody should pro
vido the mistletoe nnd furnish the man
she couldn't do the rest. — Cnnadlan
Courier.
Semi-Annual Report
— OlJ 1 -
Public Administrator
Of Amador County,
To the Honorable It', C Kuat, Jmlgpr
of tbo su parlor oourt of Amador
county, California:
Tho undersigned,. the Public Admin-
istrator of Atniiclor oouuty, pursuant
to the provisions of Beation 17IIH of
tbe Code of Civil Prooedur» of tbe
Htate of California, hereby makea to
tbe superior court or Amador eoiint,y r
under oath, a return of ait the estates-
of decedents which have' come into
his 'hands up to January Ist:, 1908,
the valuo of each estate* aaoordlng to
the inventory and appraisoment there-
ot, tbe money which has norno- into
his bands from every such estate and
what he has done with It, nnd tbe
dmount of bis fees nnd expenses in-
curred in oiioh estate,, and' Che bal-
ance, if any, iv nanh suab oaUtf* re-
mainiug in bis bands.
11l IS; .POWDER.
Name ot deceased Mary Thomson
Appraised value of estate ■ 8!). r >0..05'
Cash received G93>os>
Expenses of administration,.
debts,, nnd funeral expenses 222.90
Balance on band' 370.15'
This estate is still! in progress of
administration audi there' are further
claims and expenses of administration
to be paid.
State of California.
County of Amador,
H. E. rotter, the Public Admiuiß-
trator of Amador oouuty,. after being
duly sworn, deposes andisays:
I was during all the times mention*
ed in the foregoing statement, the
duly elected, qualified 1 and acting
public administrator of. Amador
county; 1 have read the foregoing
return made on this day by me, to.
the superior court of' Amador county,
and know tbe contents thereof, and say
upon my oatb, that the same is true
to the best of my knowledge, iv- ,
formation and belief.
HI ifl. POTTEK.
Subscribed' and' sworn to before me
this sth day of. March, l'.lOH.
(Seal) John Slower,
Notary Publio in and. tor Amador
county, Calitornia.
Timber Land, Act June 3,1878—
Notice For Publicatlon.-2180
United States .Land Office, Sacra-
mento, California, April 11,. 10(J».
Notice is bereby given that in com-
pliance with the proviaiona ot tbe act
of congress of> June Bj. 1878,. entitled
"An act for- tbe sale of timber lauds
in tho states- of California,. Oregon,
Nevada, aud Washington Territory,'"
as extended to all the public land
states by act of August 4, lfc!)'2, Addie
M. Stemler of, Portland,, county of
Multonomo,. state of- Oregon, has
this day filed iv this office her
sworn statement Noi 2180, fur the '
purchase of tbe S % ot S B J£
and N X % of S ifl % see. 14, and: M
VV % ot S W %, of section No. 1 3, iv
township No. .7 N., range No, 14 E..
M. 1). Al., and will ofi'or proof to
show that tbe mud. sought is more
valuable for its timber or stone than
for agricultural' purposes, and to
establish his claim to said land before
tbe register aud receiver at U. S.
Land Office iv Sacramento, Cali-
fornia, on Monday,, the 22nd day of
Juue, 100*.
Sho names as witnesses:
llattio Spring and Mable 1. Frank
of Sau l«'raiiC'seo; George C ilruce of
West. Point, California; James F.
Peuk of liork.eloy, California.
Any und ull poisons claiming ad-
vorsely the uhnve-rlesoribed lands are
requested to file tbuir claims in this
ttlllco on or boforo said 22nd day of
June, J!)08.
JOHN R AI'.MSiKONO.
ap. 17 • Itegistur.
Timber Land, Act June 3, 1878—
Notfce For Publication.— 2l79
United States L.aud -Oillce, Hiicra-
incnto, California, April 11, 100 S.
Notice is boreby given that in com-
pliance with tbe provisions ot tbe act
of congress ot Juue !), 187tj, entitled
"An act for tbe sale of timbor lands
in tho Htntos of California, uregon,
Nevada, aud Washington territory,"
ns extended to all tho public land
stuten by act. of August 4, 1892. Mable ;
1. Frank of Sau I'Vuuciaco, county of
Sun t'raiicieco state of Calirniii, has
thin day tiled in this office her
sworn statement No. 2179, for tbe
purchase of tbe S W M of S E
H; E }4 ofSWJ^ and S W % ot S W
kt. of Beution No. 111, in township No.
7 N, range No. 14 E., Al. IJ. M., and
will oiler proof to show tbat the
land sought is more valuable for its
timber or stone than for agricultural
purposes; und to establish his cluim
to etiid land befnro tbe register and
receiver at U. S. Lmnd Oilice in
Saorumouto, Calif., on .Monday, the
22nd day of Juue, 11)08.
Him names us witnesses:
Addie M. Htomlor ot Portland,
Oregon; iiattie Spring of Sau Fran-
(linen, California; Ooorge C. Hruce of
Woyt Point, California; James b'.
Peek of iierkeley, California.
Any ami all persona claiming ad-
versely tbe above-described lands ure
requested to tile thoir claims in this
olllco on or before said 22nd day of
Juue, 11I0H.
JUIIN X AKMSTRONU,
.ap. 17 Uegißter
• GO TO THK— •
| AMADOR 11 1
• When You HI? T? ATI •
• Want Fresh IiIiIUJYU Z
j i. oil porto no. pms. {
2 Wo ulßo]koep a lurue Htook o( Staple *
•» mul Fuaoy <•
S GROCERIES \
o Oar Specialty— Fieshlßread every day "
• except Buudoy «
• •••«•••••••••••••••!•••••