OLDEST PAPER
LARGEST CIRCULATION
It Pay* the Builnesi Man to Adver
tise in the Ledger.
Established October 27, 1855.
LAWYERS.
-yyiw. o. HNVDKn,
Alliiniry-iil-l.itw, i
JACKSON, CAL.
Onice In Mnrella Building, Court street.
Will practice In nil thn courtsof the state, fa
DOCTORS.
TTI K.' KNDICOTT, M. «.
FhyMclnn and Surgeon
oUlcn: Wobb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times,
T~Xlt. IMtl'.H F. BPRAGUIS
l'hy«lclan anil Surgeon
Offjob— Next door to residence, north Main
street, opposite California hotel. .
Telephone Main Si
DR. A. M. GALL
Physician and Surgeoa
j Jackson, Cal
. Offloe in Marelia building. Main Streot.
f -\ 11. UIIIItONS JU. l».
- riiyKlrlnu and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Office and residence: Weil building.
Office Houks:— 2 to 4 p. m. and 'whenever
not otherwlfio engaged. Telephone Mainxu.
PH. C.OODMAN AI. I>.
riiynlolan and Surgeon
Sutteu Creek, Cal.
D|> w g • ■ y v-Jiia
i » • ■*. \m« uinvii
Physician and Surueon
rp i Office, Main 28
Residence, Main J7
Amador City, Cal.
DENTISTS. ::■}■■:
■ ■ . ■■■''- • *-• ..'. '■ •'
'." '■. ::"■:; > " -■;• • "- 1 ' •; '
J. D. POOARTY' : i '' .'.L. MAKTIN *
y^RS. FOOARV tt MAUTIN,
 (Successors to Dr. C. A. Herrick)
Dantlxt*,
JACKSON, CAL.
Offices In Kay Building, Main street.
Hours 0 to 5. Telephone Black 303
T\K. JOHN A. DELUCCHI
DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office Hodbs:— From 9 a. in. to 6 p. ra.
|-»H;H.VKI> WUIIH
United States Commissioner
JACKSON CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other filings;
takfnt? <>f liuul proofs and all other Lund
Business.
, Beeds and other legal documents drawn up.
(
The A. Van der NailenSchool
Of Civil, Electrical Mining KuKinoeriug, etc.
ESTABLISHED 1864.
Occupying their own large bulluing, work-
shop aud laboratories.
. Great demand for ex-students In allllnos.
New students should enroll at once.
TELEGRAPH AND 51st,
OAKLAND, CAL. my IS
Send for Catalogue.
L. OCTTINOER 8. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry? Machine Shop
Sutter Creek, Cal.
BUILDERS OK WATER WHEELS OP
latest and most approved patterns, and
all Kimls of sheet Iron pipe. Kvery description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in Iron to the
fact tbut we keep constantly on band a large
and complete stock ot bar, rolluud and Norway
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, JaoUson
Dealer In —
# IKERICIII WITCHES. CLOCKS JEWELRY*
AND SILVERWARB
«* All goodi wurruutcd aa represented
Repairing of wutchua, Clocks and jewelry a
specialty.
Amador Ledger.
JACKSON. AMADOU COUNTY. CALIFORNIA. FRIDAY. APRIL 10. 1008.
School Census Marshals.
Following are the marhsnls appoint*
ed iv tbe various scbool districts to
take the census of school children.
All the appointments have 'been re*
oeived.
Aetna— l) J Murphy.
Antelope— Mrs A !•! Lessley.
Amador— Paltnera White.
Bridgeport— Mrs M X Hlaver.
lliinnii Vista— i'Jnima A Gower. -
Camp Opra— Miss Anuio Kussell.
Carbondale— MrsTbos Mahan.
Charleston— A J Miller.
Charity— Mrs Cynthia Arise.
Clinton — Mrs John N Cuneo.
Drytown — Mrs Maggie Heaves.
Enterprise— Blanche Kntoy.
Franklin— Mrs A J Sbealor.
Forest Homo-Mrs W D Ould.
(Jrapvine— Mrs Martha JO JJarney.
uilbert — Mrs J Merrow.
Jackson Valley— Almana Hurt-is.
Julian— Hobert llaird.
lone— Mi9B Hose L Maestretti.
Jackson— Ella M Conlon.
Lanoba Plana— Mrs Kiln CraiJ.
Middle Fork-Mrs V B Moltino.
Mllligan— Kosa Beauohemin,
Middle Bar-Mrs M P Thomas.
Mt. Echo-Mrs A Tonzi.
Mt. Springs— Mrs Albie Questo.
New York Hunch— Mrs M J Andrews.
Oleta— Mrs C Brown.
Onoida- Mrs Wm U Stark.
Pine Grove- Mrs H E Luttrell.
Pioneer — Mrs J S Porter.
Pigeon Creek-Miss Huby M Dillon.
Quartz Mt. — Miss Kate Aruese.
Sutter Creek— Lena J Boitano.
Stony Creek— Addle B Myers.
Spring Valley— (I B Cummingu.
Slate Creek-Hoot P White.
Volcano— Sadie Uilliok.
Williams— Dora H Upton.
Willow Spriugs-W Grelich.
Union— Agnes H Merkel. ' •
Circus Man Arrested.
During Monday night one of tbe
eireua men was found in the tailor
shop of Ueorge Kaymond, near tbe
Uroudway bridge. He was arrested,
find placed in jail. He was taken "- In
custody by the officers while in the
tailor shop, but tbere was nothing to
indicate tbat be was tbere with intent
to oommit a crime. He was under
the influence of liquor, and explained
tbat Boeing tbe light inside, and tbe
door open, be walked iv to tix his
suspenders. The proprietor missed
nothing, and says owing to a de
fective lock tbe oatoh did not fasten
tbe door wheu be turned the key ou
leaving tbe premises for the night.
The man was liberated, ns no one was
desirous of preferring a oliarge uiulor
the circumstances.
Thrown From Cart and Badly Hurt
While driving to their work at tbe
Argonaut mine early Monday morn
ing Übo Uianfordoni and his uncle,
Sam Davalle, were thrown -from the
cart in which they were riding, with
tbe result that tho former was sever
ly cut and bruised while the latter
was not even scratched. They were
driving along the Kennedy grade
when their hnrte became frightened
at a part of the circus which happen
ed to be pussiug to tbe show grounds.
The ijorse turned quickly, throwing
the occupants of the cart out, and ran
aloug the barbed wire fence, dragging
Uiiiufordoni, who had been unable to
get loose from the cart, along the
fence. Tbe barbs cut a gash about
five inches long ou his left hand,
requiring rive stitches to close, while
liia right wrist was cut and the hand
bruised. His clothes were almost
entirely torn from him. lie was
taken to the office of Dr. Sprague,
who dressed tbe wounds.
How's This 1
We offer One Hundred Dollars Ho
ward for any caso of Catarrh that can
not be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.
F. J. Cheney & Co;Toledo;0.
We, the undursiuned. have known P.
J. Cheney hooorablo in all business tran
sactions financially ablo to carry out any
obligations mudo by his firm.
Walding, Rinnan & Marvin.
Wholesale druirylstH, Toledo, O.
HaH's'CatarrhCui'e is taken intern
ally acting directly upon thehlooel, and
mucous surfaces of the system. Testi
monials Rent free. Price"! 75 cents per
bottle. Sold by all druggists.
Unclaimed Letters.
Lazar Vidou Aronovicb, Kruesto
(liovauuetti, I*. (iauza, Cbinter Jerioa,
llijn Klijmo, Mrs Teresa Matrinuooi,
Mrs Man Meined, Mrs J. Il'.I I '. Miller,
p. c, Htofano Nome-Mini, W. H.
Senter, I'uttor U. Hkitnlniitf, Atllio C.
I'tima, Niko Tomuslo.
Accidents will happen, but tbe best
ret(ulateci families keep Dr. Thomas'
Kclectrio Oil for auub emergencies,
t biilmliuw the rain aud heals the
hurts.
Pioneer Flouh always has been
and still is the beat.
CITY BALLOTS ARE
BADLY BUNGLED
Traveled Further and Fared Worse.
The anmple ballots and Instructions
to voters for the city election were
mailod to the electors early this
week. They were printed in tome
outside print shop, in Ince oE the
contract obligation with the Ledger
as the oUJcial paper and job printing.
Our higb-mludbd ootempornry. whose
proprietor exemplified the quality of
hla support of home industry as one
of the noble band of city oliiclals
who sanctioned the repudiation of a
contract, and turning down of native
labor in this caBO, explains that such
a lob was not to be trusted in the
hands of ouo who was not body and
soul tied to the municipal outfit aa
now constituted, liy this he conveys
the idea that according to his notion,
a publisher is not entitled to any
consideration even under the lowest
bid system in the distribution of
printing patrontfge, unless he blindly
approves of everything that is done in
name of the trustees. That is about
the pinuaole •of his othios from . an
official point of view. The' Ledger
is pleased to state that it belongs In
an entirely different class. Though
the city and county printing were
rolled into one, and swollen to one
hundred fold of present dimensions,
we would not veer one iota trom our
conviotions ot duty to seoure it.
This may in the estimation of men of
his stamp be a foolish sacrifice of
self-interest. It is certainly a sacri]
flco to which our nnesteemed cotem
porary is a stranger. .'.
But coming back to this very
particular printing job— which seem
ed to stagger the talent to construct
according to the latest jumble ot the
legislature mill— we find from the
samples that as we were fully aware
it amounts to the simplest and cotn
moneHt piece of work that a mere tyro
iv the business should .be able to
manage it. in workmanship the local
printer could double discount this
metropolitan production which bears
the typographical union label— the
first piece of official job work from
Amador county that ever bore a
similar outside impress.
Kurt her mo to, we have no hesita
tion in saying that the ballot is not
in accordance with legal require
ments. Passed upon critically it
would be condemned as misleading.
In the coming election tbere is a con
test for two offices only— marshal aud
clerk. There are two candidates for
each of these offices. A voter can
only vote for one candidate for
either of these offioes, anil yet in the
blank columns there are two blank
lines aud two headings, "fr'or City
Clerk aud Assessor," etc. The only
effect of this is to confuse or mislead
the voter. Two blank spaces for
these offices, naturally carries the
idea that the voter is entitled to vote
for two. The voter is no where in
formed on tho ballot to rote tor only
one person for clerk or niar.slial.
The mere novice should understand
tho absurdity of putting two blank
lines, with the usual heading "For
Clerk and Assessor" and "For Mar
shal aud Tax Collector," over encb
when ouly one person is to be voted
for. It is nothing leas than an in
vitation t>> the voter to mark his
ballot iv such a way that it would be
thrown out as illegal.
Iv other respects the ballot does
not comply with iegul requirements.
Tho heading "Instructions to voters"
and tbe instructions thereunder do
not conform to tho law. Tbe fact is
tbe ballots were evidently printed in
some one-horso shop where no suoh
printing bad ever been dono before;
The printer labored under the im
pression that he had to supply as
many blank spaces for writing as
tbere were candidates iv the printed
column. Aud all this bungling was
done without a contract after adver
tised proposals, aud by ignoring the
home printer who bad been just
awarded tbe contract tor city print
lug. It is a clear casu of traveling
away from home lo fare worse. A
contest would probably result iv (In
clining the election held with such
misleading aud Illegal ballots illegal
aud void.
President Uoosevelt Says
that outdoor exeroise is needed by the
American people. That's all very
well, but how can puonlu with rheu
matism follow that advice? Tho
answer is simple-uso iiuliiird'H Bunw
Liniment aud the rheuiuutism will
go; leuvhiK you us spry as a colt.
Give* quick aud permanent relief
from ilieuniatlMin, ueuntlgia. lame
back aud all pains. Hold by Kubser's
City i'iiaruiuuy.
Ledger & Chicago Inter-Oceun, 92.50
Wo aro now equipped with a full lino of Spring and Summer Goods, the finest in
.styles, best in quality, and lowest in price. Quality, h style, comfort and economy is
;what ovcryono is looking for when purchasing goods, and these wo have well suc-
beedod in obtaining for our trade this season. Our line of goods is now on display
ready for inspection. Wo will bo well pleased to show you our goods. Call in and
800 US.
Our incomparable line of SHOES, SHOES. Dry Goods.
Wakti ' tvi .i O ur l' n0 °f Dry Coods,
vvdisTS. j) 1( i you over .stop and . . .
Skirts *i-i i ii *i •• rii consistin « of I )lain and
<sHiris. think where all other folks . T ~.
■ _ fancy Lawns, Dress Ging-
Oowns. are getting their good- hamgf ChambrayB> Dcme .
Corset Covers, wearing and up-to-date tics, Pongees and Linens,
etc., are now on display, Shoes— aro superior to any popu-
j the most fascinating gar- The Red Front lar priced goods you have
ments ever before shown Carries them in stock. A ever before seen in Jack-
. T . , , full, complete lino for son.
m Jackson; real good
value that can't bo beaten. "TskT WeTster sll'ooi Jf CS iM E " lbroiderieS '
— We carry a largo assort-
a ii i c Shoes for boys and girls. . f T d F
A swell assortment of TTT . f , mont ot L,aces ana Ji.m-
We make a specialty of broideries of fine designs,
,| Ladies' Undervests, handling the best in work- A very good selection at
At popular prices. ing Shoes. • rock bottom prices.
|.t. t ' . .
THE RED FRONT
JACKSON.
The House with Reputation for Square Dealing.
An Election Scare.
Last Friday afternoon there was a
genuine sensation sprung in Jackson
over the election of school trustee.
No candidates for the office had been
announced up to the day ot election,
but rumors were afloat that G. Heiser
was to be voted for; not because be
was seeking the position, but because
a number believed be was a suitable
man, and having children attonding
school wus luterested in having
Hfr'airs go right. There was really no
opposition to him, as there were no
aspirants, ho himself not being
classed as such. Some ot tbe boys
cot it into their beads, more for a
joke we presume, than anything else,
to vote for the editor of tbo Ledger
for trustuo. Ho wan not consulted,
aud knew nothing whatever of the
scheme that was afloat, did not know
Hint his name was being used in that
connection until tbe polls worn about
to close; did not vote himself nor
leovo the Ledger office during tbe
time the polls wore open. Of course,
he could not help persons for voting
for him it they felt so disposed.
Somehow tbe fact that a number of
citizens were voting for Kiohard
Webb got abroad half au hour be
fore the closing of tbe polls, and then
there was a commotion right away.
Tbe gang was uuconcerued up to that
revelation; but that startod them to
notion like the wacing of a red flag
bcfoie an infuriated hull. And they
snurried hither and thither, working
for dear life, to get voters to the
polls to vote for tho other man.
Tbo hare possibility of tbe thing
cuusod the cold chills to run through
the spinal columns of the riugaters,
and the hardest work some of them
have doifo for many a day was put in
on that occasion, ileisei was elected
by (!!) votes to 21 cast tor tbe editor.
Tbo feeling ran so high that tbere
came near being one or two fights
ovrr it. And all this time tbe un
conscious causo of all this fuss and
feutbers, was quietly attending to
li:h business iv the Leger. office,
working off the issue of the Ledger,
it being publication day. Wheu told
ut tbe oloveuth lioui of what was on
fool, he kept right on with bid busi
ness, went not to the polls himself,
aud said not a word to any one. lint
tbere are several soore of persons iv
Jackson, who cannot appreciate v
joke in wbioh the editor of the
Ledger figures iv any way. lie
doesn't belong to tbe willowy, spine
lens brigade that suits their purposes.
The Circus
acrobat Hud* it necessary at all times
to keep his muscles aud joints sup
ple. That is tin* reason that hun
dreds of them keep a bottle of Mal
lard's Snow Linimniit always ou
hand. A sure cure for rheumatism,
outs, sprains, sore throat, lame back,
contractile! muscles, corns, bullions
aud all pains. I'iicn tffto, < r >()cj, aud
II per bottle. Hold by liuhsor's City
l'harmaoy. v , ;
Hotel Arrivals
(jlobe.-Thursday. F A Devoe, 11 G
Spoltore, Henry Davis, San Fran
cisco; . H F Vogt, Kleotra; . Mrs , A F
Leon, Mrs John Hyman, Amador; A
11 Sherwood and wife, Jack Holmes
and wife, Frauk J Kenmore, Shelly
IS Shellworth, Ueo Morgan, Kdwin
Vinan.Chas E Straderr, F V Zabulla,
£' W Draghi, Slaves of the Orient;
Geo I) Stewart, Chan Gaylord, Sacra
mento; Will Marcband and wife, De
louder; deo. Parker, Norris & Kowe.
Friday— Miss Louise Trunetti, L X
Farren, San Francisco; F A Kimball
Joe l'orter, Defender; Ueo Uoodell,
lone.
Saturday— D A Fraser, Con llinter
num, Sutter Creek; Lillie William?,
Amndor; Autonntta Oueto, Jackson;
Mary Molllno.Mrs M Moltiuo, Middle
Fork; I 1I 1 J Sheridan, W Early, C
Lindahl, X M Ward, Lanoba Plana;
D Eisner, Miss Irene Booue, San
Francisoo; D E Taylor, Stockton;
M Uallagber, Joe Verley, J L Kelogg,
hilectra.
Sunday— Wm E Roberta, Latrobe;
J S Davis, Amador; C Lepori, Fruit
vale; Uoo Dyuan, H S Kowe, Norris
& Kowe; Kclso Tiallantine, Pine
Urove; Jesse Werley, Defender.
Monday— C liradsbaw, liobert
Moran, LP Jonas, Lillis Kradsbaw,
Mrs C liradsbaw, Donald and Arnold
liradsbaw, Volcano; U A lierry and
wife, C Ludekens and wife, John J
Cramer, Pine Urove; II L Fryer,
Electra; D A Fraser, Edna Eggleston,
Sutter; Chas Allen, Ida Tonzi, Jone;
J D Nichols, Uui'iia Vista; Sam Less
ley and wife, Editb Lessley, Magee
Kicbards, J J McSorley, Verda Calori,
Irene liurono, E C Leonard, J Maz
zoro, Mrs liallantiue, Volcano; J A
Monteverda, San Francisco; C F
Tynan, Mokelumne ilill;Joe MolUno,
Middle Fork; Harry Cook, Mrs Wil
son, E Wilson, E li Ugg, U O Melnsa,
Suttor Creek; Albert .i.'ouzi and wife,
love; Addisou Flauders, Kicbard
Lucot, West Point; Jas Coffman,
John Wyatt, Miss A Hoiieychurcb; W
X Speer and wife, Strawberry Farm;
E lluey, Plymouth; F M Joyce,
Defeuder; Mrs O E Webster aud son,
11 Luttrell, Miss M Luttrell, Miss
Kerry, X liallautine, Pine Urove;
Kllla Adams; Dophin Culbert; L
Moouey, love; Miss Kelley, Tillie
Williams, Amador.
Tuesday— J Tarn, Sutter Creek;
Noil Campbell; Ueo E Allen, San
Fianoisoo.
National.— Thursday. F J Cole, A
Spencer, A X Jurgenson, L i'uruell,
Siicrameuto; Chart C l'yle, Miss
Martha Kusseil, Ira I > l'yle, Slaves of
the Orient; Wll ltluton, Berkeley;
lino l'arker, Norris & Howe; Mr aud
Mrs llollub, Kan Francisco.
Friday-N J Tobias, C H Lippman,
() M (Jarduer, A 1> Sbepard, 1)
Ulazer, dan Fraucisco; 11 F Kills,
Bonura; A C llarrie, tit. Louis; Ueo
\V Fiiiitaii, love. fc. u
You can get your Ilillhoacls,
fjottfir Heads, etc., printed fit
the Ledger for less than you
can buy blank stock for else
where.
TRY IT.
Fivo Cents Per Copy.
, Saturday— bred Cram, Stockton; *'
W Liemis, San Francisco; C Li Norris,
Santa Cruz; JU A Uearce, Oakland.
Sunday — H I' 1 Smith, Sacramento;
W X Webster, Antelope; Frank Ash
iey,£jodi; X 1' KlcJred,'San Francisoo;
J U Tain, Nome; X X Jlorue, Norria
& Kowe.
Monday— Wm A Jones, 1 Whaley,
U M Fisher.John Haniey,C P Adams,
A H Crane, San Francisco; Miss E
Adams, S N Davis, lone; J VV Maun,
San Andreas; J's U Jioydston, D
Urillo, Volcano; L M llarknoss,
Stockton; John Kanlett, - Clarence
Uerry, I'ine Grove; F W HeiHin,
Michigan Uar; J F Porteous, Grover
Uruce, West Point; F J kolinsky,
Berkeley; X llalase. Santa Clara; W
M iiurtlers, SacrameDto.
Weduesday-11 Van Orden, W J
Surryliue, H Washaner, San Fran
cisco; W J Shirley, Stockton, Mrs M
llogan, iSacramento.
Fined for Assault.
Last Saturday John lioro wan arrest
ed by marshal Huberty on tbe com
plaint ot K. Kugne, charging that
lioro bad attempted to strike bis son,
Kalpb Kugne, in tbe face with bis
fist. Moro was taken before Judge
Thompson aud plead guilty as charg
ed,the judge lining him 825, which
was forthcoming. At tbe same time
that tbe above complaint was made
Kugne placed a charge against Henry
(Dabe) Schacbt, of assault with a
deadly weapon upon his son Kalpb.
The charge was reduced to simple
assault aud ou Monday he was taken
before Justice Uoldner, plead guilty
as charged and was sentenced to tlfty
days in jail or to pay a tine of fifty
dollars. Tbe tine was paid. Tbe
above trouble was tho result of a
! difference between b'oro and Sobaobt,
and Kalph Kugne. It seems tbat tbe
latter had gone to the post office last
Saturday evening aud ou tbe way
back bad words with tbe others.
After awhile they followed him to
Kugue's restaurant, where Schacht
drew a revolver, from which he bad
extracted the shells some time before.
This was taken away from him, and
then lioro started to strike Kugne
wheu some one grabbed him.
Church (Notes.
Sunday April I'Jtb, services will be
conducted as follows at the Methodist
Episcopal church: The pastor wilt
preach iv the morning ou "Mission
ary work," and iv the evening on
"Christ on Calvary." "The Sacra
mout of the Lord's supper " will be
administered alter the morning ser
mon. Sunday school at '2 o'clock.
I'rayer meeting ou Thursday after»
uoou at U o'clock.
OASTOH.IA.
B»arsthe KinilVou Have Always Bflugtt
Signature /*7r ' /lStf-+-i£~,
Ledger .& Chicago Inter-Ocoan, 92.502
AMADDR LEDBER
Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEDD Editor and Proprietor
M. P. CALKINS .V0 ...... ..tV. .. .1.V. ..... Business Managor
** ciincrninrinN DATCQi
Ons year (In advance .13 00
One year (It not In ad ranee) > 9 Mi
Six month* I fO
Three months - 0 BO
One or more coplos, oaoh , 0 S
Legal advertising— per square of 834 ems— First Insertion 11.00
Subsequent Insertions— pef square-each y 50
■N7ERID AT THE POSTUFFIOK AT JACKSON AS SBCOND-CljAflS MATTEH.
THTC PAPCI) is kept on Me at R. O. CAKE'S Advertising Agency, 779 Markot Btreet
1 nio rArCn Ban Francisco, California, where contracts for advertising oan bo made
for It •
CITY OFFICIAL PAPER.
7RIDAY ' APRILS, 1908
THE PRINTING RATES.
For the first time during the past eleven years the board of
supervisors of this county at the regular meeting this week
undertook a thorough revision of the schedule of county
printing rates. For years the Ledger has been urging the
necessity for such action, pointing out the many and glaring
defects in the old rates, through which the county has been
victimized, and which in several instances were ambiguous
and capable of a double interpretation. At the March meet
ing of the board the course of action to be pursued in arriv
ing at the rate for each item of , printing was definitely de
cided upon, namely, that each printer should be furnished
by the clerk with a list of printing required by the various
officers, he to fill in after each item the price for which he
would be willing to do such work. From the lists so fur
nished the board would select the lowest price given on each
separate item, and establish that as the rate for that particu
lar article. Without some understanding of this sort the
filling out of the lists would have been a meaningless farce,
and as far as the Ledger was concerned it was plainly intim
ated that it would be useless to take any part therein unless
some rule of this kind was adopted. We anticipated that
efforts would be made to prevent this policy from being
carried out in the interest of party politics, and in this we
were not mistaken. Before the board met and during the
session of the board influences were brought to bear to move
the supervisors from the path mapped out- — to adopt the low
est rates on some items and the higher rates on others, sim
ply to bolster up the democratic organ through the county
treasury. The sheriff and the county clerk took a hand in
the discussion against uome of the figures submitted by the
Ledger, but not a protest was raised at a solitary item sub
mitted by the Dispatch. But the scheme was too transparent
to deceive any one, and the board refused to budge one ioto
from its previously announced determination to accept the
lowest price in every instance. And this they did so far as
they were able to judge from the evidence. The list from the
Ledger office was the lowest, with a few unimportant excep
tions, and therefore controlled the establishment of rates, out
side of the isolated exceptions. This is • the first genuine
move in the direction of protecting the taxpayers against ex
tortionate printing charges that has been made for years.
The amount saved to the county by the revised schedule will
amount to several hundred dollars per year. On one item
alone — printing the great register — the saving will amount
to $150. And in no case has the revised list, so far as the
Ledger office has helped to shape it, reduced the price below
a fair margin of profit.. We do not believe that any printing
will be diverted by the new schedule from the printing
office preferred by the respective county officers according to
their individual political affiliation. There will probably
be one notable exception, where a flat rate is given for a
certain piece of work that allows less than 15c per 1000 ems
of composition, with nothing for press work or stock. This was
a case where there was solid ground for a vigorous kick
on account of starvation rates — the recognized basis of charge
throughout the United States for composition alone, whether
machine or hand work, ranging from 80 cents to $1 per 1000
ems. That price, it is needless to say, was not put in by the
Ledger, but by the Dispatch, and [the evident intention was
to steer work from the first-named to the last-named office. It
will most assuredly have that effect. We made no protest
afthis manifestly absurd rate. Being the lowest we admit
that it should be adopted like the rest.
The advertising rates are left unchanged, 25 cents per
square for each insertion. We are free to admit that this is
a much lower rate than pertains in most other counties. It
has been the rate here for twelve years. To the Ledger be
longs the credit or discredit of keeping it at that rate this
year, the other lists giving a material boost on the old-time
figures. We would also have joined iv for a raise, were it
not for the estoppel interposed by our local cotemporary in
volunteering to do city advertising at that rate, and there
after bidding about one-half those rates in competition with
the Ledger, and even going to the extent of trying to shift
its proprietary business interest in order to worm himself
into Hue for the empty honor of being city printer. Under
these circumstances, we decliued to ask for either raise or re
duction in general county advertising, but on the delinquent
tax list 10 ceuts per square was knocked off the 25 cent rate
of last year.
AMADOU LETXMSHi JACKSON, CALIFORNIA,
ffß H ©Til D I A
Hn^^rliMdillliiJi
|^*M ** or Infants and Childron.
HI castorm ™ e nd ou ave
jjSqfc, Imi "■ -■■■-■'111 liffiHizJ filllUJw vUllfolll
l«l a PI ALCOHOL 3 PEK CENT! J»
Fu«ss AVcgcl.iMcPrrparaiionrorAs-l t» - j.i M *' ; :'-;
win slmlhllnUfVßi j |p I r?PQT*Q tnn f M \
iiHfil Promotes DigeslionJClteerful nf #J\Alj
|i«||!j I ness and RestJConfoins neither _. ' g l\ \M
BfittO'ifi OphmuMorphinc norMiucral. CLM \j
ftSaS " PmitiitSnd- : \m\ ■ m
EroSM Mtcttiuuts- I ■ a nil- 111
Bprl ? U L/V *
Bl ftsasKa ' (\l ($ % USB
HI ill Ancrfect Remedy for ConsUpa I l^K
|f SI Hon. Sour Stomach.Dlarri|on I \*> m f| •■*%■-
llfl'it ness andLoss of Sleep. W lUI UIUI
Iplltj Thirty Years
y ltd § u BUM
Exact Copy of Wrapper. THt okntauh company, hiw vouk oitt.
SUNSET EXPRESS
Fast Flying
Sea to Sea
Drawing Room Sleepers, unsurpassed Dining Car
service, Observation Parlor. Library, Cafe, open air.
Rotunda, oil burning Locomotives.
Personally conducted excursions via New Orleans
in modern tourist cars to Chicago, Cincinniti, Wash-
ington and St. Louis. '
Great winter route through the land of the cotton
and the corn and the great cities of the New South.
For further information write to or call upon the |
nearest agent of the
i I
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
1 61N0CCHI0 BRO'S.I
-_/. -v~v~~w~ DEALERS IN -**• fjW
1 ±. General Merchandise |
Qa Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoos, M
'}§$ s§|* Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining si
m J\ Supplios, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, g
tgi * Grain, etc., etc.
g| Corner Main and Water St. g
I JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA I
THE WATERMELON.
Africa Is the Original Home of This
Luscious Fruit.
Tbe humorists always associate the
African with the watermelon, assum
ing that the taste of the colored man
for his favorite daiuty arises from bis
life In the southern states, where the
melon vine ki'ows like* a weed.
As a fact, however, the African taste
for the watermelon is hereditary. The
vine Is a native of Africa, where It la
found wild In the great central plains
of the continent, and has also been
cultivated for many ages.
In Egypt the melons grown along the
Nile rival those of southeastern Mis
souri.
The melons mentioned by the* Israel
ites us being nruong the good things
they had In Egypt were undoubtedly
watermelons, for In tho wall paintings
njioiit the time of the exodus the melon
vino is represented, and iv one case a
long procession 1 of slaves la depicted.
cadi bearing "on his shoulder n huge
durk green watermelon.
Botanists say that varieties of the
melon are found in southern Asln. and
some even claim that the' plant grows
wild Iv central and South Africa, but
Africa is no doubt the original bomo
of the melon, and in his preference
over every other kind of vegetable or
fruit the African merely displays a
taste that has become fixed in his race
by thousands of years of indulgence,
for in central Africa ripe watermelons
are to be bad every month In the year.
—Detroit News-Tribune.
HORNET SENTINELS.
It Would Seem That These Insects
Keep Guard Over tho Nests.
Is a hornets' nest guarded by senti
nels, after the manner of ant hills?
It is not so easy to decide, for their
private habits do not invite familiar
approach. But some experiments
seemed to point that way. No nolsea,
however near or strident, had the least
effect upon the workers. Blow on
divers Instruments as loudly and
shrilly as I would, they poured in and
out of the gate or labored on the walls,
intent wholly upon their own affairs.
But at the slightest jar upon the win
dow or shutter, out flew a bevy of
irate insects and flung themselves
against the wire window screen with
an angry "bump" that showed how
good was their Intention at least to de
fend their home. It was always so. A
squad of workers, free and ready for
aggressive duty, seemed to be lurking
near the gate, prompt to sally forth
upon alarm. Even at night a few kept
near by, and. although their port had
lost its vicious swing and they moved
about wltb. sluggish pace, like sleepy
watchmen, as doubtless they were,
they left upon the observer the Impres
sion that they were on sentinel serv
ice, in which the community was never
lacklng.-Dr. H. C. McCook in Har
per's Magazine.
Repartee of the Shop.
"I never was so Insulted in my llfel"
said the girl with the brown eyes In
dignantly.
"Explain further." was the request.
"Why, you know Fido chewed up the
muff to that set of gray furs of mine,
mid so 1 went Into a shop today to see
If I could llnd a muff that would re
place it. I told the clerk what I want
ed, lie couldn't find anything that
would suit, so he called another clerk.
This one hunted high and low, he drag
ged out muffs till they heaped the coun
ter, but he couldn't find one that would
match. Finally he called the proprie
tor, a fat. stuffy num. who came wad
dling down the aisle and said, 'What is
the trouble?'
"'I can't make a match.' I said al
most tearfully.
" 'Why. that's funny.' he said in a
hatefully patronizing manner. 'What's
the matter with the men?' "—New York
Press.
Michelangelo.
Michelangelo stood in the front rank
both as painter and sculptor. In
both arts he was worthy of the high
est praise. The fresco of the "Last
Judgment" In the Slstlne chapel is
considered the most wonderful picture
in the world, showing the omnipotence
of artistic science and the fiery daring
of conception that but few other paint-
Ings can even approximate. In sculp
ture the "Moses" and the "Slaves," not
to mention other pieces, rang among
the finest creations of the art and pro
claim Michelangelo to have been as
masterful with his chisel as be was
with his brush.— New York American.
A Surprise.
Teacher— Freddy Fangle, you may
give the German name of the river
Danube.
Freddy— Dunno.
Teacher— Douau! That is right. I
am glad you have studied your lesson
so well.
Freddy 1b surprised, but keeps still.
—Exchange. ,
Jolting the Grandad.
A fond grandfather and father were
admiring the new baby. Fond Grand
father—l declare! That youngster Is a
great deal more Intelligent than you
were at bis age. Insulted Father-
Naturally; bo has a great deal brighter
father!— Ufo.
A Mere Painting.
She— Why. no. The stolen Gains
borough was not a hat— it was n pic
ture. Her Husband— Oh. I thougui
from the value that it was a hat—
Town and Country.
StrlUo from mankind the principle
of faith and men would have no more
history th»u n Uock of sheep.— Lytton.
Never wub good work done without
much trouble.— Chinese I'roverb.
W. B. (lIILLIPS
(Snccessor to Wllllnm Scoqie)
UNDERTAKER & EMBALMER
PIA'MOUTir,! CAT,.
Cbllh promptly nftomlril tn iluy or nf(jht.
Free u«e of pnrlor for funeral*.
A line uml complete mock of Cofflnn, cloth
ami plnsh covered Catkcts, constantly on hum
Bttei "° DBblePrlCei - • ' 02a
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO., CALT
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best In market.
Terms reasonable. jnel
I Globe Hotel |
I ■ ■■■ w ■■" ' I
J ; NEW MANAGEMENT. ?
I! /MRS. ANNIE HUllST....Prop'r J
I; Board and Lodging ;|
I I AT REASONABLE RATES. J I
',', Sample Rooms for Commer- <
! ! clal Travelers. J
' • All Stages stop at this hotel. <
:: jackson cal. i
NEW i
National* Hotel!
■ Jackson," Amador county, Cal.
F. A. VOORHEIS, Proprietor:
Stage Office for all Points J
ILighted by electricity throughout
• (Commodious Sample Rooms for
Commercial Travelers. aulB
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAI>
Plymouth, Cal. .
Has on hand a full line of Harnes
and Hardess Fixtures, Saddles,
Bridles and Robes. Buggies
and Carriage tops made
to order.
Also has on hand a lino o
that well known and thor
oughly tried BAKER i 1
HAMILTON buggies.
OFFICIAL MAP
— OF..
Amador County
Drawn from oilicial records and sui
veys by D. C. CARLTON, ehowinß
township and school district bouncfl
aries, ownership of all lands accord in I
to assessment roll of 1904, winenß
claims, canals, location of all schoo
houses; also a townuito map of prine
pal towns, namely Jackson, Suttt
Creek, lone, Amador City, Drytowi
Plymouth and Volcuno.
Size 0 by 3f feet.
Price, colored & mounted $1
Plain and unmounted • $
Sold only at
AMADOR LEDGER OFFICE
Jackson, Cal.
CASTOR I A
For Infauts and Children. 1 1
The Kind You Have Always Boughl
Bears the /^( VAJ^#J^TB
Signature of C^«>^^7<^^&3?flAmador County
Descriptive Article
Amador county comprises an area of
648 square miles. It lies on the wes
tern slope of Sierra Nevada mountains,
and embraces within its, territory all
tho diversity of valley, foothill, and
high mountainous landfls
Climate.— The climate of tho popu
lous portions of the county la aa genial
and healthful as can be found anywhere
In California. Aa climate la one of tho
moat valuablo assets of this favored
state In attracting population, Amador
■ stands second to no county In this re
gard. It should, and no doubt will in
time, when Its cllmatio advantages are
more thoroughly understood and ap
preciated, become a health resort not
only for those In less favored atates,
but for tho residents of other parts of
California. Tho temperature alone tho
central portion rarely falls bolow 30
degreea above zero In winter, and as
rarely rises to 100 dogreos in the sum
mer. Snow seldom falls tn the settled
districts, and never remains on the
ground for more than a few hours. Of
courso, In the high mountain rogions
of eastern Amador the snowfall Is very
heavy — which Is characteristic of the
entire Sierra Nevada range. Tho sum
mer season is alway accompanied with
cool nights; permitting of sound, re
freshing slumber. Fogs are rare, cy
clones are unknown, thunderstorms are
Gold Mining.— The county, although
rich in other sources of wealth, com
paratively untouched, is noted prin
cipally for hor quartz mines. The
deepest gold mines in America lire lo
cated here. The Kennedy mine is now
taking gold in liberal quantities from
quartz extracted from a depth of over
2000 feet below the surface, with every
Indication that tho pay-ore extends to
a much greater depth. Since the dis
covery of gold, the county has contrib
uted fully 8100,000000 to the world's
supply of the precious metal. The
mines are still yielding at the rate of
about two million dollars annually.
Nearly all of this wealth is produced by
eight or ten mines operating on what
Is called the "mother lode," stretching
clear across the county in a north-east
erly direction a distance of twenty
miles. The mines aggregate between
400 anil 500 stamps, and furnish em
ployment for over 1000 miners. This
industry is still in its infancy. The
unexplored territory, even along the
main gold belt, is far in excess of tho
ground that has actually been worked
or prospected . The county offers to
day one of the most inviting fields to
be found anywhere In the world for the
investment of capital in the fascinating
business of pold mining, not alone along
the mother lode, but also In the almost
untouched mineralized country of the
east belt, some ton or twelve miles from
tho main lode.
Besides gold, we have copper, de
posits of pottery, coal, :marbe, slate,
limestono, granite, and soapstono or
talc— all undeveloped.
Agricultural Capabilities.— The agri
cultural possibilities equal, if not excel,
the mineral riches. The valley lands
will produce anything that can be
grown in the most favored sections.
In tho foothill lands all kinds of decid
uous fruits thrive: also all kinds of
vegetable are raised whore irrigation
is practicable along the numerous water
courses. Further up In the mountains,
at an altitude of 2000 to 2500 feet, the
soil is admirably adapted for apples
and potatoes. A ready market for
many times tho quantity now raised of
these commodities can ba found tin the
various mining towns.
Grape culture and winomaking are
becoming Important industries, both
tho grapes and wine commanding a
better price than ,tho product of the
lowland.
Land Is cheap compared with other
California lands. Improved farms may
be secured for one-fourth the price
current iv some places. Unimproved
lands can be had from $5 to $10 per
acre. It does not requiro a fortune to
buy a small ranch. There is room for
a largo addition to our agrlculural pop
ulation. Vast tracts now devoted to
cattle ranges might bo made the homes
of hundreds of prosperous farmers.
Amador hiia a populasionof less than
12000. Three fourths of this is concen
trated in a strip of threo miles abovo
and below the mineral belt.
Jackson, the county seat, bus about
2500 Inhabitants, und Uan Incorporated
city ol tho sixth class. Other towns
uro Butter Creek, Amador City, Dry
towu, Plymouth, Volcano, Hna Grove
and < Until. lone City is the melropolis
of tho vulloy section, a thriving town
of 1000 inhabitants.
Tliocouiinunlty is law-abiding. Edu
cational facilities are excellent. A
school house is within easy reach of
.nearly every family. There Is ono high
school, located at lone.
Tho assessment roll for 1007 is $."».
800,71):!, and tbo tax rato for both Btute
and county purposes $2 on tho $100.
Tho Southern l'ucltlo has a branch
railroad running to lone. From this
point tho lono und Kustoni railroad ox
tends 14 inilod further to tho mining
wotlon.
Tho various religious denominations
and fraternal organizations tiro well
represented.
Tlio power plunt of the Standard
Klectrlu Co — ono of tho lurgeit In the
world— lslooated four miles from Juck
100,
For Good Roads
From U. S Engineers
Counter balancing VRrioiia obstaulos
California posaeaea in certain bgo
tlona immense qunutltiea of hatd rook
capable of being utilized in tbe build
ing of the best mncadntu roada known
I.H imiclmn road bullderi; snivel In
such abundance and ot aucb good
quality as tn uinke possible tbe build-
Ing of great systems of first-class
gravelpnr oe; and nsplmHlu oils not
equaled in any other atate In the
Union for the trentment of roada.
California baa wealth ample to iluance
the building of a system of ronda
which would rival that of France.
Her citizens are energetic and pro
gressive, aud lastly, some of tbe moat
influential counties of tbo slate have
enlisted the aid and advice of the
United Ht.nt.ciß office of public roads
at Washington, a bureau which con
gress bas established for the purpose
ot giving to the people the boat to be
had in highway engineering and to
aid in reforming our antlquatod
methods.
The office of publio roada of tho
U. S. department of agriculture is
developing its work along conser
vative lines with the purpose of
quietly but none tbe less effectively
teaching local road builders bow to
build standard roads, substituting
superior for inferior methods, and
solving the problems in road con
struction whiob have not yet boon
solved.
About one year ago the county
authorities of Santa Barbara county
applied to tbe office of publio roads
for an engineer to advise with them
aud render such assistance us was
practicable iv inaugurating a model
road system for that oounty. A
special corps of engineers bas recent
ly been formed to conduct just such
work as this under a project known
as "the introduction of model sys
tems." Tbe engineer assigned to
Santa Barbara oounty made a oom-
Dlete investigation of all of the roads,
road materials, revenues, expendl
tuies, organization, methods of ad
ministration, construction, and main
tenance, and drew up a complete und
exhaustive report providing a plan
for the improvement of tbe roads ot
that oounty.
Los Angeles oounty was the next to
receive assistance of this character,
and the lederal engineer who made
the investigation tor Santa Barbara
county took up , tbe work at .Los
Angeles iv July. 1907. So thorough
was the work of this engineer and so
earnest was tbe highway commission
in its endeavor to provide boa
Angeles with a perfect system of
highways that tbey retained tbe
federal engineer as chief , engineer of
the Los Angeles highway commission.
Sau Diego county bas taken up,
through tbe senators and representa
tives at Washington, tbe plan of
having a military road constructed
from tbe north line of tbe U. S.
naval reservation through the reserva
tion »nd tbe military reservation to
tbe south end of Point Loma and also
tbe road connecting therewith runn
ing from Ft. Kosecraus, and treating
it with oil in tbe most approvod
manner. Again federal assistance bas
been asked aud obtained in determin
ing upon tbe most suitable methods
and tbe probable cost. Whether this
military road will be authorized by
oougieas or not, tbe people of San
Diego aie now advised that although
tbe seat of Ibo national government
is 3,000 miles away, its good otliues
may be bad when tbe nood justifies
to direct their eiforts along proper
lilies, so tbat no mistake may be made
iv materials or methods.
Ventura oounty is now on record
as an applicant for tbe details of a
federal engineer under tbe model
system plan.
Tbo model system project is one
requiring a high order of ability and
thorough engineering education mid
requires at least a month, and some
times three months, of the hardest
kind of work by the engineers, and
for this reason tbe demiinds from all
parts of the couuiry will soou roach
Hiiiili volume us to make necessary
their assignment for months and oven
a year ahead. '
Suoh was practically the situation
wheu tbe chamber of commerce of
Stockton, California, took up with
vigorous and comnieudablo deter
mination the question of providing
San Joaquin county with a system of
roada kuooihl to nono iv tbe state. A
long and able letter was sent to the
director of tbe ottloe of publio roada
asking for assistance. Thin was .fol
lowed by more letters and much evi
dence of their determination and
their necessities. A powerful ally in
tbe person of uenator Perkins threw
the weight of lii.s influence iv tho
balauoe, and the result of all this it)
tbat the ottioe of publio roads is
pledgod to send Its best engineers to
San Joaquin county, aud to have
them stay us loug us tbey cau be ot
real use.
Hisklyou uoi.itity, although far ham
tbe populous coast cities, iar from
the uutiou'a oapitol, aud boasting
FRIDAY, APIML 10, 1008.
comparatively uo (treat commerce of
Agricultural resources, possesses the
distinction of being the Mist, oounty
in the state of California to hnve
built under the direction of govern
ment engiueere with government ma
chinery aud operators a section of
objeot-lesaou road. What was once a
ntretch of at times impassable adobe
is now a smooth,' hard niHCßdatn road
capable of sustaining nny weight f ol
trafllo. There were ncotferg who
claimed that suoh a rond would not
bold up ou the ndobe soil, but all
tbese have beeu converted mid it la
reasonable to predict that the county
of Hiakiyoii will curry tbe good work
ouwaid.
Uncle Sam makes a good partner in
tbe road building euteiprlsos, and
the best part of it all is that wbat be
furnisheb Is gratis. Tbe government
pnys the salary of all its engineers
and expeits from start to linish, all
of their traveling expenses, bxcept
that wheu engaged upon the prepata
tion of a model system of highways
tor nny county, tbat county is expect
ed to pay tbe traveling expenses and
provide such facilities as may be
necessary while tbeeogineor is within
tbe county limits. Iv the building
ot object-lesson roads tbe government
furnishes its engineers and experts,
makes laboratory tests of road mater
ials, pays all traveling aud subsist
ance expenses of its men, and where
practicable aud necessary furnishes
road building machinery. Where
tbe problems are temporary and only
inspection and advice is needed, tbo
engineer and experts are sent by tbe
government absolutely free of cost
to the local authorities.
It has already been indicated that
tbe demand for government engineers
far exceeds tbe supply. It is well,
therefore, tbat each case be presented
in its strongest light to tbe depart
ment so tbat if it has exceptional
merit, it may be recognized. Senator
Perkins is in close touch with tbe
needs of his stato and is taking care
to see that no California county Is
overlooked by the department of
agriculture because of its failure to
adequately present its claims. ££y.
For the
Children
To succeed these days you
must have plenty of grit, cour-
age, strength. How is it with
the children? Are they thin,
pale, delicate? Do not forget
Ayer's Sarsaparilla. You
know it makes the blood pure
and rich, and builds up the
general health in every way.
The children eannotpo»ilbly hnve (tood health
unless the bowela nre in proper condition. Cor-
rect any constipation by giving small laxative
dosei of A j er's Pills. All vegetable . sugar-coated.
A Had* brJ.O.Ayer Co.. T.owell, Mass.
JU Also manufacturers of
JLA 9 HAIRVIQOR.
r B 1 10 PC * QtJE CU " E >
4L. JQbty W# O CHIiRRY PECTORAL.
Wo have no secrets I Wo publish
the formula* of all our medlolnes.
K§fL I Here are the advantages of ''"• < $S&\
J® oHUrrIINU BY MAIL i^
|f The D. Samuels lace House &. Sf
\ysk The Oldest Dry Goods Firm in San Francisco ' Av>^^
$^ \ ESTABLISHED OVER 55 YEARS $C\
\ \ W %t * eaturea t ' lat etaroterize our Mail Order Department V j%'l
\A\ ? are COMPLETENESS. ACCURACY and PROMPTNESS. h4j j
Wffi' All J^fail Orders are filed the same day they v^v^^
swtoi^ art receive d- m^W
/TSjJrH // an article is not satisfactory, return it and l'\f%*.
\'\\s\ your money will he refunded without question. /{i '///If
J, J* \ 1 Goods ordered which we do not carry in stock will I^Xs g
||ii A */ oe purchased for you hy our experienced huyers. <£* f.A
""wlek C nOt """ k''* * eneri^ c » ta l°<» f° r the reason that /^•^•,ij
j';^^y 'O much of our goods consist of novelties, arriving each day and C'i --''■■)
VlJ'Saw in turn bein£ tucceeded by something newer. ;'"•.■■'.-'■ ■■ I
QsgM However we are constantly issuing Illustrated Pamphlets — V "■•'■ • '".'
ip^Vv ono k»» ju«t gone to press. It covers our varioua ready-to-wear r»»7'n
/ /A'/ department* (uch a* Corsets, Knit Underwear, Hosiery, Waists, \ \* '":■.'> \
I 14 I Skirts, etc. \ LA \
I a" J § ATI I
Wr»t# for a Gofcy to-day \\ ! \ <
\92rc' or mail ui your name so that we may forward to you all future """'■■■■..- ?.* f
SiaslvTM uy * n rf Guide*. /r**J i "7?/
fiiir"- EVERY MONDAY IS SPECIAL SALE DAY. '
V^^S^tV^Sw OUr •^ vert ''* mm ' nn * i •» Sunday Papers. -^ *•*»]?
/(l&!A!sstli^ A r ° rtioa of tlw keit valuei * n<l <tyle< » lw »y» dlMSii2£Ct'
reserved for our Mail Order Buyers. pST* .-. •'• . ,^- — _ :; '
o|sU3lii\f K you tend in an order and refer .pecifically I^IXSjJ!/.^.
»^ \\ to thi* AD, w« will prepay transportation charges, fa I ,t'y,Qf
/J"V"\ CJ J^f *b- ui delivering your goods FREE. l*( «•*■ |-1
mIS THE D. SAMUELS LACE MOUSE CO. lr|
,/, \s\ S. E. Cor. Van Nes* Avenue and Suttcr Street it ~~^~~' )
/ / {fr /»* San Francisco, Cal. k\ /'^,  \
H above all things wish to give their children pure, healthful food. g}
Wl _ Indigestion sufferings arc caused by the use of cheap, W
H fgpig4gjlSs?| unwholesome baking powders. « Don't risk health to save a m
H 3TSo~~ -%£ * ew cents in price. That is not economy. You cannot jjji
W "tMVI^fiJ/ have good, healthful food unless you use pure fM
j t^lPfifl SUPERIOR 1
W Made from a Superior grade of Pure Cream of, Tartan, H>
Improved on Solomon.
In a certain Sunday school a little
girl told the story of Solomon and the
disputing mothers In this wise: "Solo
mon was a very wise man. One day
two women went to him, quarreling
about a baby. One woman said, 'This
is my child,' and tbe other woman
said, 'No, 'taln't; It's mine.' But Solo
mon spoke up and said: 'No, no, la
dles; don't quarrel. Give me my
sword, and I'll make twins of him, so
you can both have one.' "
At a Disadvantage.
Bacon— Would you call him a good
talker?
Egbert— No, I would not
"How many times have you . beard
him talk?"
"Only once."
"A.nd when was that?"
"When he was trying to open a car
window." — Yonkers Statesman.
Had a Woman to Blame.
"I hate had dreadful luck. Thia
morning I dropped my spectacles, and
my wife stepped on them."
"That's what I call good luck. If 1
had dropped mine, I should have step
ped on them myself."— Chicago Kec
ord-Herald.
The Poet Answered.
"Do you know that I was born on
the same day Emerson died?"
"Both events being a cruel misfor
tuDe to literature."— Bohemian.
' He hurts tbe good who spares the
bad. — Pope.
Report of Cemetary
Association,
To the llonorbnlo the Board of
Trustees ot the city of Jackson.
(ientlemen:— The undeisigned the
executive committee of the associa
tion of lodge committees on cemetery,
respectfully submit the annexed re
solutions adopted by said association
and urge that favorable action may
be taken by your honorable body on
tho subject matter of tbe first resolu
tion.
Kespectfully submitted
. W. 11. (Jreenhalgh,
Catherine M. Garbarini,
J. M. Paraon,
C. 11. Uibbons,
W. Uaugherty,
Kxecutive committee.
Dated, Jaoksou, Cal., April 2, 1908.
Resolved, that it is the sense of
this association fcotnposed of com
mittees representing the following
orders:
Independent order of Odd Fellows,
Knights of Pythias, Free and Accept
ed Masons, Native Sons of the Golden
West, Native Daughters of the Golden
West, order of Rebeccas, order ot the
Eastern Star and the Ancient Order
of Foresters, tbat we respectfully
petition the city of Jackson, on ac
count of the publio and urgent
neoessity therefor, to assume obarge
and control of tbe cemetery located
witbin the city limits known as the
Protestant cemetery, to establish re
gulatious for its protection and for
tbe burial of tbe dead therein, and to
appoint a sexton therefor.
Unsolved, tbat this association is
opposed to tbe purchase of any
ground adjacent to the said cemetery
for use us a cemetery, and is also
opposed to the opening of a roadway
ou ground in said cemetery wherein
bodies have been hereofore buried,
and to tbe removal of any bodies now
interred in said cemetery, for tbe
purpose of opening such roadway.
Resolved, tbat C. 11. Uibbons, J.
M. Parson, William Daugherty, Kate
'Jarbarini aud W. H. Greenhalgb, tbe
executive committee of this associa
tions, be instructed to present to and
tile with said board of trustees tbese
resolutions at tbe next regular meet
ing of said board, and to then urge
tbe passage of the necessary ordin
ances to cuiry into effect at tbo earl
iest convenient 'time, the intent of
the resolution first herein above set
forth.
We hereby certify that the fore
going resolutions were adopted at a
regularly called meeting of this
association held in tbe supervisor's
room, court bouse, Jaokson, Cali
fornia, April 1, 1008.
Association of lodge committees on
cemetery.
C. 11. Uibbons, president.
W. 11. Ureenhaigb, secretary.
1-4 of Pound a Week
at least, is what a young baby ought
to gain in weigbt. Does yours? it
not there's something wrong with its
digestion. (Jive it McUee's liaby
Elixir audit will begin gaining at
onco. Cures stomaoh and bowel
troublee, tiidn digestion, stops iret
tulness, good for teething babies.
Price 25c and QOo. Sold by Kuhser's
City Phtirmauy.
1 thousands of workers I
R! Levi Strauss & Co's jj
Land and Mineral Decisions.
Reported by Woodrord D. Harlan, L.and Attor
ney, Washington, 1). C.
Mineral land.— ln any case where
tbe character ot land embraced witbin
a mineral application is plaoed in
issue it must appear as a present fact
tbat mineral can be secured from the
land in paying quantities.
Mining claim— citizenship of cor
poration.—Under the terms of section
2321 K. a., the citizenship of a cor
poiation that applies for a mineral
patent may be shown by a certificate
of incorporation.
Practice- Regulations of local office
in the matter of procedure on open
ing publio lands to entry, conclusive
upon parties taking action thereunder
without protest.
Keservation— Alaska — Mere occu
pancy of land in Alaska for the pur
pose of trade and manufacture, will
not confer any right upon the occu
pant, as against the government, tbat
will prevent a reservation of the land
for naval purposes.
Residence once established can only
be changed when tbe act and intent
of the settler unite to effect .such
change.
Settlement rights and reservations.
— Rights of settlement extinguished
by executive order creating reserva
tions.
Coal lands- Entry of coal lands not
allowed for non-contiguous tracts.
IT'S YOUR KIDNEYS.
Don't Mistake the Cause of Your
Troubles. A Jackson Citizen
Shows How to Cure Them.
Many people never suspect their
kidneys. If sufferiug from a lame,
weak or acbiDg back tbey think that
it is only a muscular weakness; when
urinary trouble sets in tbey tbinlc it
will soon correct itself. And so it is
with all tbe other symptoms of kid
ney disorders. Tbat is just where
tbe danger lies. You must cure tbese
troubles or tbey muy lead to diabetes
or Uright's disease. Tbe best remedy
to use is Doan's Kidney Pills. It
cures all ills whiob are caused by
weak or diseased kidneys. Jackson
people testily to permanent cures.
Mts K. lioden. living in Newman
ville, Jcakson, Cal., says: "Doau's
Kidney Pills have been used in ray
family with tbe most satisfactory
results. My brother first advised inn
to try them while suffering severely
from kidney trouble. I had been
bothered with severe pains in my
back for a long time and finally be
came so run down tbat 1 could hardly
get arouud. My back was very pain
tul aud the pains were so severe at
night tbat 1 could not sleep. My
kidneys were very irregular and gave
me great annoyance. 1 suffered from
beadacbes and dizzy spells bothered
me a great deal. At last Dunn's
Kidney Pills were brought to my
attention aud 1 procured a box at the
City Pharmacy. They helped me
form the tirst, 1 continued taking
them aud as a result received a com
plete euro."
For sale by all dealers Price 50
cents. Korster-Milburu Co., liulliilo,
New York, sole agents for the United
States. Keonember the name— Doan's
— and take no other.
Lodger and Chicago Weekly Inter
Ocean, both papers for one year, $2.50
Harsh physios react, weaken the
bowels, cause cbroulo constipation.
Uuiui'h Itegulets operate easily, toue
the stomaub, cure constipation. 25c,
Ask your druggist for thorn.
OASVOXIXA.
Bean the __^ The Kind YoujJavB_AJwa»s Bought
Signature Sy , 4£¥#-A-rf U .
Of t^Ar/%T<&4C*<M
34
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
AUhUM.
Aptil s.~The long dry spell haa
created an uneasiness in the minds of
ninny. In 1H(ll we had loss rain
during tbe winter than we have had
tbla year. Un the 12 of April it
commenced to rain aud fairly ponrod
down for live or cix days. At that
time this state was practically a min
ing state. Agriculture was not Its
main feature by any means. At that
time we got most of ' our beans ftom
Chili, a great many of our eating
grapes from South America. They
were paaked in boxes iv saw dußt.
Tbis will bo news to many of the
Native Nona nnd Daughters of the
(Jolden West, for now they oan get
grapes galore off of the vines in Cali
fornia nlmoflt anywhere, l'be dry
season, however, has boen California's
drawback. Kansas was eaten out root
and branch by the grattshoppers 30
yeaia or a little more ago, Texan had
a three year dtougbt 12 or 15 years
ago. Freshets swept over tho Miss
issippi valley more than once mid life
wreckage and devastation in its path.
India more than once has been visit
ed by famine. China and Japan have
also. So nature in its efforts sweeps
ruthlossly on its course, neither turn
ing to tbe right nor left, aud many
times leaves actions over which man
kind have no control. No control I
say, but not exactly, for feasible
plans could be carried out to counter
act what we denominate as nature's
defect. If England would spend less
money in preparing for war, and
spend more money in aiding her
colony of India, and sink artesian
wells and utilize tbe water of tbe
Ganges, there would be less suffering
in that laud of almost ceaseless lam
ine. Montana and Idaho would be
a failure in agriculture if it was not
for irrigation. California would un
questionably be bettered by a system
atic action of irrigation. Storage
water in plenty could be secured by
the investment of capital. California
will not he entirely safe until that
end is reaobed. ' '
Miss Mabel Votaw arrived in the
Pigeon Creek school district today,
and starts as teacher of that district
tomorrow.
Miss^Ella Deaver, teacher of tbe
Evening Shade school, paid Ethel
Bell a visit Sunday.
Hugh and Amy boll were visiting
the former's father and mother Sun
day. They are going back to San
Francisco on Tuesday, as that has
I/eon their homo for tbe last throe
years. Giddy Dick.
OLEJ'A.
April 7.— Tho north wind is blow
ing a terrible gale today. Tbe farm
ers are in bopes it will blow up a
rain, as tbo crops need it badly.
Joe Schilling paid our little burg a
Hying trip last week.
Mr Hibbard is again at borne, after
a visit in Amador City.
Alfred Gilbert is up on a visit to
his mother at present.
Mrs 1. Cooper is recovering from
her fall, which resulted in a sprained
knee. She is able to be about with
out the aid of her crutches again.
T. C. Mayon is here on a business
Mrs Susie Wilson is in lone visit
ing her sister, Mrs Geo. Yager.
Mrs J. Liondon is home, after her
prolonged visit with her daughter in
Los Angeles.
Ulen Gilbert of Jackson, paid bis
grandmother a visit last week.'
Pansy.
SHEMANDOAH VALLEY.
April 7.— The annual school elec
tion was bold at the Suenandoah
school house on Friday April 3. Two
trustees were eleoted, one to till the
regular vacancy, and one to till the
vacancy occasioned by the death ot
the late Kobert Davis. They are
Harvey Jameson and T. D. Davis.
Tbe school election is quite a lively
affair here.
Tim Pigeon Cieek school started
Monday April (i, with Miss Mabel
Votaw of Forest Home, aa teacher.
Kobert Carter of Aukum and Miss
Kuby Dillon of Pigeon Creek, were
visiuira in l'lyniouth and in tbo
Valley Friday.
Mrs Ij. Urainger, the school teacher
at Mt. Aukum, and her daughter
Freda, passed through the valloy
(Saturday, they made a business trip
to Plymouth.
Mra ltuel and daughter ot Hunker
11111, were the guests ot Mru Lizzie
Upton last Thursday.
The in tan t granddaughter ot Mra
10. McPhee (1-izzio Dillon), is very
low with pneumonia.
Mr ami .Mrs (). K. llarrell went to
IJI Dorado uud Diamond Springs
Monday, returning Tuesday.
Mrs 11. Jameson and Mlhs Laura
Dull made a trip ovur Amador way
Tliiiifilay. Shyuoar.
April H. -The droutb continues un-
Lrokeu to the unxicry ot the ranchers,
whoso hopes of a good crop lohhouh
with ever; day of tit f 11 tunt guntshiiie
uiul huril north winds. The orotiard
trees are full of fruit safely past the
blossom stage, and timely rains
would insure nn abundant crop after
two years of almost complete failure.
italph McNaughton went to i'locer
vllle on business Monday, returning
the next day.
Miss Idele Wbttehead wont to her
home In Amador City last Friday
afternoon, returning to her school
Sunday evening.
Frank Mann made a visit to Sacra
mento'lost week,, returning to the
valley on Sunday.
Clarence Jarvis was In the valloy
last week on bis oliloial tour of In
spection of farm values.
Mr and Mrs Louis Meeley of Alt.
aTi kiim. have been visiting Mra
Seeley's parents, Mr and Mra Ueorgo
Kretoher. Shan.
ION 10.
April o.— Mia J. 0. SStewart has
gono to Stockton for a week's visit
with relatives.
Miss Mattio McMurror lett Monday
for Una Kranulsoo, after a visit of
several weeks with her sister.
A large crowd assembled at the do
pot Sunday night to coo tbo great
Xnrris It Kowe circus come In, and
many took advantage of tbe exoursiou
and went to •laoksou to see tbe per
formance)
The' lone high school girls won', to
Lodl Saturday, to play a return gamo
of basket ball. Tbe Lodi's were
victorious, the score being 21 to 0 iv
their favor. This is tbe Hi at gamo
lone has ever lost, but they take de
feat gracefully, and acknowledge that
the Lodi girla are certainly star
players. '
Quite an excitement was caused
Monday evening by a span of colts
belonging to <»00. Winters, breaking
away from the hitching post and
running down Main street. About
the middle of the street they ran into
Mr Swift's wagon, threw out the
driver, Mr Keeves, and upset both
rigs. Ijy tbis time one of tbe colts
fell and the team was stopped. The
front axle of Mr Swift's wagon was
badly. sprung, but otherwise no -seri
ous damage resulted. Mr Keeves was
badly shaken up, but fortunately not
huit. .-.Nevertheless It requited some
time to pick up the sundries, whips,
cushions etc., which were scatter
ed all over the street. . •
Mrs Withiugton died at her home
early Tuesday morning, and the re
mains will be taken to Sacramento
for burial Thursday.
Geo. Woolsey has given his house
a coat of paint, which greatly add
to its appearance.
' Mrs LaUiavo and daughter of
Saoiameuto, are visiting relative here
tbis weok.
lone is soon to have an 100 plant
aud cold storage system, and they
will not only furnish lone with ice,
but also tbe outlying districts.
loneite.
LANCHA PLANA.
Correspondence ot Uncord.
April 6.— Severe frosts have prevail
ed for several nights and considerable
damage has been done to potatoes and
other eaily vegetables, but the dam
age to fruit is thought to be slight.
The continued dry weather is oaus
ing anxiety among tbe large cattle
owners of this locality. In fact, rain
noiv would benefit the grazing lands
very little, unless it wore to continue
for several days.
K. W. Uarnett was a passeuger on
the stage Wednesday, returning from
a trip to some of the valley towns.
Mrs C. A. Wright has moved fcto
Wallace, where she will open an ice
cream parlor for tbe summer months.
Mr Wilson of Saline county, Mis
souri, visited with his sinter, Miss
Mabel Wilson, teacher at the Julian
school, last Saturday and Sunday, at
the Uooding ranch. ' '
Earnest Gooding spent Friday and
Saturday in Stockton.
L'be election for school trustees in
tbe Julian district resulted in the
election of Mrs Adelie Lucas for tbe
three year term, and Mrs X A.
Thornton for tbe two-year term.
Mitts Kkel returned to .Stockton
Wednesday, after au extended visit
with her father, Kdgar Kkel.
Camanche is again without a black
smith. Here in an opening for a
good, live mechanic.
Tbo directors of tbe Julian hall
have decided tv make tbe rental of
the hall for dances $10 per night, and
an old time ball will be given at this
popular place. .
HUXTKK CKEEK.
April [Jl.— Mth Morris ISrinn and
daughter, Mrs W. t. Koyer, arrived
hero Sunday evening from Oakland,
and will remain hero with Mr iirimi
about two weeks. Airs Koyer's home
is in Moxioo.
Mrs I<\ Voorbeis fof JucUsou, was
the guest of Mra E. C. Voorheis Must
Friday.
Mrs Kiizubeth Wiidgo, who bus beeu
in ill health for pome time, weut to
>Sun l'Vauciuco Uaturday uiorulug.
She whh aooompuuiod by her [daugh
ter, Mih 1). Kamazzcti.
Win. T. ICaudell of the Fiestou
school of June, with Mrs Knndall, was)
in butter last Monday.'
Charles K. Fuuruier. a lormer
resident of this town, who baa Loon
AYJ&nv y*vAycmn jackson, caivifoimnj^.
residing In Nilos for a couple of
years, came up Wednesday evening on
business Interests. .
S. Knight lias been improving bis
place this last week, by having n new
fence erected, cleaning out shrub
bery, trees, etc., which adds much to
the appearance of the place.
Mrs Wm. Mctleo and mother, Mrs
Wildraau, Mrs 11. C. Downs, with Mrs
W, i;. Downs, went to Amador Wed
nesday nflornooii, and were the guests
of Mrs I'hos. Chiohlzola of that plaoo.
l'be Infant twin son of Mr and Mrs
Ueorge, (nee Kinhards) died Wednes
day afternoon iv Amndor, and 'was
burled here in tbo 1. O. O. Il',I I ', cemo
tery Thursday.
" 11. Wi Wood, one time editor of the
Kecorri, but now an attorney of ijau
Francisco, came up Wednesday in
regard to busluoes matters, returning
again Thursday morning. i
Mr Uranzln, who has beeu seriously
ill, is still iv a critical condition.
Dr. Adams of lone, and Dr. Kndicott
of Jackson, have beun hore In con
sultation with Dr. Oritllii, very llttJ
hope is held out toward his recovery.
Sntterlte.
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
|Th(! to'.lfnvf'itf InstriiinuniH havo boen fllnd
lor riic.cird In the recorder's otlli:« alnco our hint
report. Wu publish it complete list of doeu
mentH rceordod, nnd must decline to nccedo to
any request to suppress any document from
these columns. Don't usk us to do ho
Deeds.— U. S. Gregory to Uiggio
Cunoo, lUO acres 14U-12, ICO acres
15-0-12, 120 acres 15-6-12, 120 acres
14-0-12, 81810.25.'.
Ann in i. llorton to J. Jl. Kiuger,
100 acres in 14-5-10, 810.
Luigi and Catterina Mima to Jobn
Waters, 40 acres in 17-7-11, 8200.
W. X. Kobiuson et ux to John 11.
Kiuger, True Jiluo Consolidated min
ing claims inJackson ruining district,
810.
John 11. Kiuger to the True Jiluo
Mining Co., all the True Blue min
ing claims in Jackson mining dis
trict, 510. . .
John O'Meil to Marguarita O'Koil,
100 acres in 10-7-11, 100 acres in 3-7-11
20 acre 3in 3-7-11, Jl.
Reconveyance.— W. E. Finn Rnd G.
E. Allen to Annie I. and Kobert E.
Horton.
Decree of Distribution.— Estate of
William J. Waters 4-6 to the widow,
Mary K. Waters, and 1-0 each to the
two sons, William J. and Frederick
T. Waters. Tbe property consists of
6 head of horses, 6 mules. '2 wagons,
40 head of cattle, 500 shares of Cali
fornia Cons. M. Co., ltiO acres in
21-7-11, 400 acres iv 17-7-11, 320 in
18-7-11, 160 acres in 20-7-11.
> ..Satisfaction Mortgages.— Gnunbu
tiste Lovaggi to Annetta Gurovicb. /
Mortgages.— Annetta (Jurovicli to
Ciiainbatiste, lot 10 block U, Sutler
Creek, to secure a note of 83000 foe
one year with interest at 0 per cent.
Pacific Gas and Electric Company
to the Trust Company of America,
debenture mortgage of 31,000,000.
C. C. Prouty to James Cook, 131
acres below lone on the road to Gait,
to secure n note for $2000 until July
1, 1009 with interest at 7 per cent.
Locations.— D. L. liond ot the
Hand placer mine iv Irish Hill dis
trict, being 20 acres in 33-7-9.
Proofs of Labor.— Wm. E. Stirna
matin on tbe Amador View quartz
claims, Volcano district.
- A. M. Walsb on the East Keystone
quartz claim, Amador district.
Notice of Appropriation of Water.—
Ueu. C. iiriico claims 20,000 inches of
tbe north fork of tbe Mokelumne
river for electric and household pur
poses.
Money In Treasury
Uy official count on Monday,
April G, was as follows:
Gold .... 8 5870.00
Silver - - - 24H'i21
Checks and bills - • 18315.85
Currency 478.00
Warrants uncaucelled - 20562.99
Deposit in Amador bank - 15000.00
Total 802710.05
They
SUPERIOR COURT
PROCEEDINGS
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
ft. C. VoorbeU vs. IJ. J. llnrrnli.—
Demurrer submitted to the court
without, nrgumeut.
Applicntluti of Conrnri Heutetmnn
for tinl.iirnliznt.inii. — 11. L. Culbert
nnd D. A. Frnser onllud iia witness.
Applicant admitted to citizenship.
The people vs. C. Lcporl. — I'rlal set
for April 120.
Estate of John Vohb. — -Order ap
pointing petitioner* }J. hi. I'ottor, nd
iniuistrator.
Kstnte of (). Zanettl. — Order ap
pointing petitioner, 11. E. Potter ad
ministrator.
Estate of Mary A. Hall. —Final dls
ohnrgo of oxecutur, Williiun Jl.
Stelll er.
Estate of John Dyunn jr.— Order
appointing petitioner, John Dynau
sr. iidmi JiiHt.i-.i1.0r.
Estate of Wm. J. Waters.— Order
settling account aud decree of dis
tribution.
Estato of Phoebe Willinms.— Order
confirming salo of real estate. The
property sold was lots 7 and lin
block 1, lot 4 block 3 lot 3 block 2,
lot 4 and 1 block 4 all in Laucha
Plaua, to P. J. Sheridan for $217 and
tho N W 14 of 5-1-10 to Chua. Liudehl
for 8450.
Estnto of Domenico Fregulia.—
April 20 appointed for hearing on
petition to sot aside the whole of
estute for bonelit of widow.
Estate of S. W. Bright. — Final ac
count of special administrator filed;
April IB set fur hearing. -
Estato of Mary Thomson. — Final
account and petition for distribution
tiled; April 18 appointed for hearing.
Estnto of Fred A. Uooduian.—
Jonnie Goodman applies, tor letters of
administration. The estate consist of
200 acres in 4-7-13 valued at about
$300. April 18 set for hearing..
G. B. Vioim vs. Allen Estate Co.
and G. E; Allen, executor of tbe will
of Annie t!. Allen.— Stipulation tiled,
the respective attorneys agreeing that
judgment be entered decreeing that
tbe pJaintili take nothing, while tbe
defendant's damages shall he 81 in
stead of SIOO aud $1.30 for costs of
suit. An order was mado embodying
tbe above and giving the defendants
tbe ditch in dispute. This was a suit
started about two years ago to per
petually restrain tbe defendants from
destroying: or using a ditch that had
its head in Sutter Creek about two
roilos west of the town of Sutter
Creek, aud flowing across . land . tio
longing to the Aliens to tbe N. E. ii
of y-(j-10, which belongs to ; Viciui,
besides damages to the amount ot
8500 U. In tbe cross complaint it is
shown that tbo plaintiff has no right
to the ditch, it having been abandon
ed years ago by tbe buildeis, besides
which they asked for SIOO damages.
Estato of U. Skera.— lnventory filed
estate valued at 870.50.
E3tate of V. Mazzetti. — Estate ap
praised at Silo.
Estate of Tedy biizolioh.- Estate
appraised at 872.50.
Estate of Luigi Mana. — Estato ap
praised at SltJ.so.
Estato of Ja'uies P. Drew.—lnven
tory tiled, amount 581.50.
Now Cases
Matilda Dennis vs. Wilford Dennis.
-Complaint filed tor payment of
maintenance, etc.
Estate ot John Dynan jr.— John
Dyuun sr. petitions for letters. Do
ceased died February 27, 1908, leaving
persona! property valued at 8180.14,
consisting of a check on Metropolitan
Trust and Saving bank located at San
Francisco for 8209.00, money in the
Suiter Creek State Uauk 8277.08.
Petitioner is tbe father of deceased
residing at Amador City, other heirs
Mary E. Dyuun, mother, Mrs T.
Honeychurch, Mrs Leoni, Hullo
Dynan, Howard, Susie, Thomas and
Elsie Dynau, all of Amador county.
Alberto Caviglia vs. Angelo Con
trnncl. — Complaint alleges that on
the Ist dny of July, 1907. plaintiff
enteted Into partnership In hotel and
saloon business at New Cblcsgo,
Amador county, tbe partnership
acquired real aud personal property
In that town, consisting of hotel and
lot, valued at 82500 nud personnl pro
perty amounting to 81000, the partner
ship has Incurred indebtedness of
about $3UOO. The term of tho part
nership required each to reside at the
hotel and devote his entire time to
the business, but the defendant it is
alleged left tbe town about September
14, 1907, without tbe knowledge or
consent of plaintiff, and removed to
lldiio, Nov., and took away so plain
tiff believes, partnership property ii:
checks valued at 8130 nnd 8200 In
money. Plaintiff prays- tor dissolu
tion of partnership, that the partner
ship property be sold and proceeds
applied to pay partnership debts, and
that a receiver be appointed to take
oharge of the aflairs.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the Slfi y/KT^i ./?"
Signature of C/ut^//. /&&&&
Team and Buggy
HARNESS
AH hand sewed.
A. BASSO.
Main st., Jackson
|"™WANTED"~|
rI want to hear from owner having!
[GOOD FARM ori
BUSINESS I
Hfor sale, liny size and any locality. Notß
■particular about location, if you wantS
■cash for your farm or business it will pil.vH
ffymi to write me today. I only want toH
Shear from owners who are nilllng to sollfl
■direct to the buyer and without paying as
Scent of commission to anyone. lam notjj
■ a real estate agent and I don't accept pro M
Hpertics for sulu on a commission basis M
|f Agents need not answer. If your farm orja
Bbuslncss is fdr sale write me at'ouce unriji
fcl will send you freo full details of my newS
Hplan of putting you In touch with humlrodsl|
Uof people anxious to buy. I must hearM
js from you quickly, as I lmvemoro buyers tha us
\\ hare properties to recommend. It costs A
Syou nothing to write to me and I may havejj
[[someone who wants your phtco and will puyJH
Syourfull price In writing give price andfl
if description and stato how soon possessions
a«;ui Im hiiil. Address |j
j»lj. DAnuvsHiHE.DrawerlM Itoehester, N Y.|j
5 aqgatoaaaataJgC^SffigiTir^aaj.'iiiiiTttiii^iiJiia
If yon hnven't a roprular, healthy movomnnt of the
Lowelß every day. you'ro 111 or will be. Keep your
bowels open, mul bn woll. Force, in tho shapo of
violent physic or pill poison, iy aAiißeroiiH. Tho
smoothest, cnaievt, most perfect way of keeping
the bowels clear anil clean in to tako
/§ CSLw OATHARTJO
EAT 'EW! LIKE CANDY
PlcOßant. I'nlnHiblo, Potent, Tnsto Good, Do
Good, Never Sicken, Weaken or Gripe: 10. 25 and
COconta prrbos, Wrltoforfreuiiainiilo, uud book-
let on health. Adiliena 433
Sterling Remedy Company, Chlcagt . «ew York.
KEEP YOUR BIQB3 -rJEANi
YEARS |
The People's 1
Savings Bank 1
Sacramento. Cal. 1
Was Organized |
with Wm. Heckman iiB President ft
and Manager and J. L. Huntoon, M
Vico-l J rosklent. These officera [
hold tho Hiimo positions, at the !
preeont time and with the aasii- fi
tunce of a ronscrvutivd board of if
dlroctora itnd with conservative Ej
Ciishlera thlti bunk hits never |j
niiuli: a loss, but hilt> puid its Q
regular ietnl-anuual dlvldomls R
and uddud to its paid-up capital |3
$41,000.00, and ha» u reserve uf h
$101,000.00. 1
A tiuTo Hank to deposit money. |J
Roeources 2\ Millions. f|
Bend for our bookleti jj
"BANKINO BY MAIL." g
ttodoD Oyspepsia Curo
DlQoats what you eat*
Notice to Increase Capital Stock. .1
Notice la hereby Klven thnt pursuant I
to n ippiilutinn of the Doard of I
Piieotots of tbe Hunk of Anindorl
County, duly pnsoed nnd Adopted, a I
meeting of tbe stocklioldcrH of Raid I
hunk of Amndor County, ia hereby J
cnlled for i'huradoy, April 10, VMS.
at 1 o'clock p. in. cf said dny nt the i
ofhVe aud princlpnl plnce of husine^s
of said Hunk of Amadot County,
Mnln street, Jackson, Col., ior tbe ■
purpose of considering and voting
on n prnposnl to iucrouße tbe capital
Htook of said linnk of Amndor County
from five hundred (500) fihareß to one ■
thousand nnd thirty (10110) rliiu-«'h and
tbe onplral Rtock of said Jiimk of '
Amndor County irom thirty thounnnd
(8;i0,(K)0) to one hundred thousand
dollars (8100,000)
J. CIIICIIIZOLA,
I'icp. of the IJiink of Amador Co.
(Seal) O. L. Culbert,.
Ueo'ty of the llnnk of Aimulor Co.
Notice tor Publication. 304 •
Department of the Interior, J^and ,
Oittce at Sitcramonto, Calif, Alaruh,
121. l!)08.
Notice Is hereby given that. .John
Kchiind, of West I'oint, Califnruin,.
has filed uotlue of his inton.l inn to
make llnul live yimr proof in support,
of his clnim, viz: li<im<.<Kli>nd Kntry
No. 711!) made Sept. 0. 11)01, for the
W i.j of a K X and a U of a W X, eec- -
tion 0, township (! N,, range 14 hi,,
M. 1). M., and that said proof will be-
undo before tho register and receiver
at U. a. land nlUce in Sacramento,
Calif., on Monday May 4, 11)08.
lie imtiK'H the following witnesses..
to prove his continuous residence -
upon, aud cultivation of, the laud,
viz:
William Crockett, Martin bygutn.
and Wilson Caiu ot West foint, Calif.,,
aud John Kirk of Jenny 1-iind, Cali-
fornia.
JOHN F. AKMaTKONU,
Kegister.
Not coal land. mar. 27-td >
Summons. ■
In the Superior Court of tbe state,
of California, in and for AitimJor-
county.
Adelaide L>aity plaintih" vs. James
J. Laity defendant.
Action brought in the superior
court of thw state of California, Id
and for .Anmdor county, aud the-
complaint tiled in tbe oUlce of tbe
clerk of said Amador county.
The people of the stute of Cali-
fornia send greetiug to James J. Liatty
defendant.
You are hereby directed to appear
and answer the complaint iu an
action entitled as above, brought,
against you in the superior court of
the state of California, in and for
Amador county, within ten days
after the service on you of this sum-
mons—it served within this county;
or within thirty days if served else*
whcie.
And you are hereby notified that,
unless the defendant so appears and
answers, tbe plaintiff will take judg-
ment for any money or damages de-
manded in the complaint as arising
upon contract, or will apply to the !
court for any other relief .demanded
in the complaint.
liiveu under my hand and tbe seal
of the superior court of tho state of
California, iu and for Amador county,
this 17th day of January A. D. VMS.
(seal) J. K, HUHEKTV, Clerk.
' Wm. U. anyder,
Attorney tor plaintitf.
Not'ce for Publication. 285
Department of the Interior, laud
office at Sacramento, California, Feb.
24, 191)8.
Notice ia he'-eby given thnt Charles
11. Ciurier, ot i'lyiuoutb, California,
has Hied notice of his intention to
make final livo year proof in support
of his claim, viz: Homestead Eutry
No. 705!) made April 15, ]'.K>l, for the
K H of a W Jc,' and lots. :$ and 4, sec-
tion 7, township 8 N., range 11 K.;
M. D. M.'i and that said proof will be
made before the Kegister and Ko-
ceiver at U. S. Land OUico iu Sacra-
mento, on Tuesday. April 7, 11)08.
Ho tinmen the following witnesses
to prove his continuous residence
upon, and cultivation of, tbe laud,
viz:
George A. Upton, Jacob ÜbliDger,
Kubeu T. Upton aud Ueorge Ktetcher
of l'lyniouth, Cal it.
JOHN K. AKMSTKONU, register.
Not coal laud. feb '28
Sealed Proposals.
City Sprinkling Wagon,
Season of 1908.
' Pursuant to law aud the resolution
of tbe Hoard of Irustees uf tbe city
of Jackson, adopted April '2, VMS, the
undersigned will receive bids at" bis
ofiieo in the Alareiia Huildiug, Court
street, Jackson, California, uutii 1
o'clock p. in.; April '20, 19U8, for
doiug the following vvoilc, to wit:
Driving tbo city sprinkling wagon
durlug tbe coming season, contractor
to furnish four horse team aud driver,
work to be prosecuted seven days a
week aud ten hours a day. Success-
ful bidder will be inquired to give
security for the taitbful performance
of tbo work. Kight reserved to reject .
any or all bids.
L. J. (JLAVINOVICU,
City Clerk.
Dated April 3, 1908. :it
Notice to Creditors.
Kstiilo of Luigi JNlunu dooeußed.
Notioe is hereby giv«u' by the un-
designed, administrator ot tho e^tatu
of Luigi Alaua, deceased, to tba
oreditoiu ot uud all persons having
claims agaiust tbe euid decuasod, V-
exhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers, within lour months Httor
the first publication of this notice to
tlin said admiuistriitor at the law
ottlc** of Win. J. McOoe, Court street,
Juckuou, Amador county, Cal., tho
lame being tin* place lor tho truusao>
tiou ot the business of tsulU estate, iu
s-aiil Amiidur cuuuty.
Dated, March '21, l!»0H.
11. K. I'OTI'KIS,
Administrator of tho eitnte of Liii^'i
Mitim, doceußud.
Win. J. McUee, tittornuy for nduiiii-
istratior. mar. U'-tHCompound Extract of Sarsaparilla
Makes Pure Blood.
There Is no ,onc— -big, little, old or young— but has impure
blood in tho Spring. It is nature. Cold wetither makes bud blood,
because tlie functions of tho skin arc not active in the Winter. A
vast part of nil impurities of the body, especially ol the tissues
immediately under the skin, depend upon the skin for elimination.
When it is cold all the little pores of tho skin aro contracted until
they are nearly closed, preventing tlie escape of impurities.
This throws increased work on the other eliminating organs, which,
as a rule, havo about nil they want to do. Consequently, this
matter stays in the blood or is absorbed back Into the tissues.
Rtihscr's Compound Extract of Sarsapa-
rilla will remove all'-thcse impurities and is the only
Spring Medicine- and Purifier.
Price per bolllc $1.00
RUHSER'S CITY PHARMACY.
Jackson, Cal.
TEMPER ATD RE AND RAINFALL
This tablo gives the highest and lowest tem
perature In Jnckson for each day, togethor with
the rainfall, as rooorded by self-registering
Instruments kept at the Ledgor onice :
; I &■■■ '■ i B3
iTcmpi g:| iTempiS.
Date. ! i £l! Dato. i jo
iL.iH.| 2; , L |H.|3
ipr. 1. 1008' 83: 71 0.38 iApr. I? j ; i : ;••■•
a ,i 34; 7i o.viii is I : I : "•'
3 iSi 73 O. Hi I» : : "'-
4 i ss: 71 o.swli so i : ! : ;••••
5. ..-...,»»! 74 H 21 j: ! : :••••
6 i ssi «ai — ;i 22 i : \ : {■••■
7 43; 74l""i! 23 ; : I : :••••
8 ! H3; 79 j 24 i ', \ J '•"
9 1 39: 813 —-; 25 ) : j : "."
lo I 34 : : •'." 2 » i : '• ■ \""
v i : | : !••••! 27 j : i : !••••
la ! : j • >•••■; 28 ■ : ! : !••••
ta .; : : ! 29 i : i • :••••
14 i : ; : ••••;; so i : i : ••;■
15 i: i : ■«••] 31 j: 1 : !••••
i« I • i : X"l! : i : !■"*
; I &■■■ '■ i B3
iTcmpi g:| iTempiS.
Date. ! i £l! Dato. i jo
iL.iH.| 2; , L |H.|3
ipr. 1. 1008' 83: 71 0.38 iApr. I? j ; i : ;••■•
a ,i 34; 7i o.viii is I : I : "•'
3 iSi 73 O. Hi I» : : "'-
4 i ss: 71 o.swli so i : ! : ;••••
5. ..-...,»»! 74 H 21 j: ! : :••••
6 i ssi «ai — ;i 22 i : \ : {■••■
7 43; 74l""i! 23 ; : I : :••••
8 ! H3; 79 j 24 i ', \ J '•"
9 1 39: 813 —-; 25 ) : j : "."
lo I 34 : : •'." 2 » i : '• ■ \""
v i : | : !••••! 27 j : i : !••••
la ! : j • >•••■; 28 ■ : ! : !••••
ta .; : : ! 29 i : i • :••••
14 i : ; : ••••;; so i : i : ••;■
15 i: i : ■«••] 31 j: 1 : !••••
i« I • i : X"l! : i : !■"*
Total rainfall for month| 1.60 Inches
Total rainfall for season to date ..14.09 Inches
To correspond ing period last season 30.00 "
LOCAL NEWS
Victorine Lonigp, daughter of Dr.
K. V. ljouigo, formerly of Jackson,
arrived from San b'raucisco {Saturday
«vening on a visit of n week or so
with tbe family of D. b\ Spagnoli.
Word has been received that George
Meehan ia Hick lv Tombstone, Ari
zona. His parents ihave requested
him to come borne to recuperate, and
> he is likely to return here auy |day,
if he is able to undertake tbe trip.
, The Odd Fellows and Uebekahs of
lone will give the usual annual
picnic in celebration of the anniver
sary of Odd Fellowship in lone on
April 25. An exoolient literary and
amusement program has been arrang
ed. iSee advertisement in another
column.
Mr and Mrs Uonafaciua Heitter,
both old residents of Drytown, were
brought over from that burg last Sun
day, to enter the county hospital.
They have been in the county aiuce
early days. The huabaud is 85 years
old, aud Mrs tieitter 75. Moth are
infirm with old age, and unable to
work, and being without, means there
was nothing lett but to apply for ad
mission to the county iullrrnary.
October 23d last they had been mar
ried f>s years.
Kuhurt Li. Love came up from Oak
land Sunday night ou a visit to his
parents. He is employed for the
(railroad company at Oakland, and
«xpects to return to his work some
time this week.
About a week ago Johu Kolac burnt
his hand -quite severeily, but paid no
attention to it, until it began to
swell aud abow signs of blood poi
soning, when be went to Dr. Sprague
to have it, attended to.
Last Friday evening while little
Jimruie Laughton, gun of J. 11.
Liaiagbton, and one of tbo work boya
were feeding tho horses ut their place,
one ot tbe horses, which ia driveu in
the milk wagon, kickod at the littlo
fellow, striking him on tbe ear. Tho
lobe ot the ear was almost cut from
the reet ot it, and required a stitch
to close the wound.
buy the best sewing machines
made, for t-aln cheap. Z. T. Justus,
Weil Hldg. Jackson.
Pearle ilarobrio went to Jacneßtowu,
Tuolumue county, ou Wednesday to
make a test ou the tailings from tbe
mill of tbe App mine, which lies a
few miles from that town. If the
tailings hliow up well he will likely
install another of his plants for the
extraction of the sulphureta.
Henry Uradley left town Wednes
day morning fur his shingle mill iv
tbe mountains above Volcano, intend
ing to start operations immediately.
This is the earliest that he bus ever
started tho mill.
Luut Friday while at work iv the
Argonaut mine, a rock struck Obreu i
Ivauiuioh ou the head, causing v very
deep cut. Dr. ti|irugiie dressed tbe
wound.
mogle UOQlb White Leghorn nuns
for sotting 7. r io per Betting of 15 young
chicks. Hatched to ordoi for $10 per ,
hundred. Cull or write to J. John
son, lone, ('nl.
Ploueer flout is the best; have no '
other.
Wm. J. MoGeo'a law olMce is now
In the Grant building, rooinß 413 and
414, at the corner of 7th ami Market.
Tel. Market 79. N294t
Mrs Wrlggleaworth went to Lodi ou
Wednesday (o spend a few daya witb
her daughter, Misa Cora, who is
teaching sobool.
Mrs F. \V. Kubser went to Stockton
yesterday morning to spend a few
days.
Mrs Steve Ferrari and daughter,
Lurettn, and Miss Loma, went to
Sacramento yeaterday, and will bo
gone for a abort time.
Jackson Uenuia of Niles, and
Mo'iner Wood of San Fraucisco, attur
ney for the Sutter Creek bank, ciimo,
up from below Wednosday evening,
and with Judge Kuso of Mutter Creek,
appeared before Judge Kust to ask tor
an extension of time iv which to
raise sufficient money to place that
bank in tii« proper oonditiou. Ihey
were granted ten days longer, which
gives them until April 22.
Last Sunday the now band, .com
prised ot several of Jackson's young
men, went ou tbe top ot the hill near
tbe Alma mine to praotice whore they
woulda^t bother anyone with their
music Those not playing who bad
tbe pleasure of hearing thetn say they
did very well • consideriug the short
time in which they have been practic
ing.
For halo or Kent.— 'J he house on
Broadway, Jackson. Apply ou tbe
premises to Thoo. Crocker. ...
Hoy Sharon brock, about 18 yeara of
age, met witb a painful mishap on
bis mother'a ranch, somo four milea
uortheust ot Jnuksou. lie and bis
older brother wore engaged iv chopp
ing wood. In hoiijo unexplained
manner a blow from tho edge of the
ax iv tbo hands of his brother came
iv contact with the iittlo tinger of
his deft hand cutting tbo tip oft', and
slitting the fleshy portion of the body
of the tinger for a couple of inches,
necessitating tbe surgical aid of Dr.
Kui'Mcott to dress it.
Lesley Downey, an Indian, imbided
too freely of tire water on Monday
aud while at the cirrus grouuds be
came mixed up with ou« of tbe olrous
followers. Tho ullireaa iuterterrod
uud took the Indian to jail ; where be
could sleep oft' the effects of the
liquor, but it was found that his jaw
had boon broken iv t;!i« fracas, so he
was removed to tho county hospital.
An attachment suit vrnn Hied in the
justice's court in Slitter Creek yester
day by L. F. Htiuson on certiiiu parts
of the plant of the Am ado; 1 Kecord ot
Sutter Crook, consisting ot a Jot of
new type, aud cubiuets, a paper cutter,
job press, and some furniture. It is
claimed that, when Dennis bought the
paper from 11. W. Woods bo also pur
chased the above from Stinsou, pity
ing him 814U down and agreeing to
pay the balance of 8200 within a cer
tain time, but as yet he bus not ful
filled his part of the contract. The
matter will probably be adjusted to
mi it both sides.
Wm. G. HnycliT aud family will
leave Sunday for Murphya, Calaveras
county, to visit for a week or more
witb his folks.
I'Jlmer Jacobs wbiio at work iv tbe
North Star iniue near Mokelutnue
Hill, was caught yosterduy between
the skip aud timbers, with the result
that a couple of bones of the right
foot were broken. Dr. Gull was call
ed to attend tho injury.
An Itallau rniuer had an artery in
his right forearm cut yesterday after
noou at the Keunedy mine, tiy having
a drill fly back and hit him.
Miss Kniiii!! Winters, the trained
nurse, cume up from lone Wednesday
at llio rt'iiucat of Dr. Gull, to atteud
lo Johu illuokwell, who has chaugod
slightly for tbo worse.
J. I. Wilson. Dentist. Hours 9a.
in. to 5 p. m. Pliouo— OlUoe, black
Ml: residence. Ulaok 31)1; Jaokson.
Mrs Thomas I'eek and sou, Allen,
of Uaklaud, camo up yesterduy on a
visit to lelativo'i lioro.
M. L. Hmith Notary Public uud
Stenographer, Court Kt., Jiiokcon,
Tole.Mhoue liluck 113.
ITUIDAY, APRIL 10, 1908
Board of Supervisors.
All the members were present Mon
rtiiy nt. the meeting of tbe honrd of
supervisors. After rending the in In -
utns of the lust iiioetiuß they adjourn
erl until J'urtuliiy morning.
Tho following clnlniß were present
ed and allowed :
Current expense—
J H Kelly, trareliuK exp. • 810 00
I) H Mnson, printing - • 1 O.*i
Jobu Ulower, inquests • 15 00
Atnndor tt. H, & L. Co., lights ■ 3 00
Couuty ollloes, jiostngo  •  IKI 00
A W lillllillHOU, IlKlllMHtH • 14 50
J ljucna nt nl, coyoto bounty - 20 00
ISiuiornlt, Wbltnny, law hook:: - 51 00
W II llroonhalgh, visiting schools i) 900
Ol' Violnl, traveling exp. - !M 00
I) A I'Ynser, mllongo • BO
A Clrlllo, " - • • a 40
W M Aroiek, " - - . 240
Ii Hnrke, " - - . 240
Vela & I'iccardo, supplies •- , 28"0
Wm (lolug, janitor • ■ 70 00
Fred Ltabb, jail ront • . • 500
U H Uregory, brd. prisoueifl • 40 50
U S (jrcgory trnvoling exp. - 10 50
(300 A (Snrdoii, doputy assessor l!f0 0L)
A Carlisle & Co., supplies - 92 IJS
Lil (Jluviuovich, deputy assessor 00 1)0
i'aoillo Tel. & lei. Co., phonos 31 00
V W Parker, watchman ■ 10 00
T S l'uttle, convoying prisoners - 8 00
Aniador Dispatch, printing - 102 75
Oeo 0 l-'olger, freight - -2 50
Jacksou Uas L Co., qua .- 12 00
C Kicbtmyer, water • • 600
Aniador Ledger, printing • 1100
W L Rose, imiuosts - - 11 5u
(Jrillo iiios., burial of indigent 42 00
H E Potter, inquests - 167.25
Hospital—
Mrs Vll Letuoin, matron - 830 00
P L Cassin«lli, fruit - • 33 40
George Sohroßer, uouveyaune - 500
W X McFarland, fruit trees - 600
U Oneto Co., vegetables - (i 60
C J Peters, labor - - 19 25
Mrs J Turner, washiDß - 8 00
Keniston & Hoot, supplies - 139 50
I*3 (Jiiiocchio & liro, allowances 10 00
X (iiuocchio k liro., groceries 168 44
X Giuocnhio & Uro., clothing - 10 35
C Kichtmyer, water _ - - 700
dackaou Gas L. Co., gaa - ID 50
Aniador hIIUL Co., lights - 400
V M Whitmore, lumber - 22 60
Fred ii LenjoiD, supt. - 60 00
Pacifla Tel. & Tel. (Jo., phones - 1 1)5
X H ('bear, repairing shoes - 215
Vola& Picoardo, snppliea - 250
ti E Eudicott, physician - «0 00
Mrs M A Tregloau, cook - 30 Oil
Spsgnoli Drug Co., drugs - 10 00
Thomas & Mattley, meat • ti'.l 00
JHi Kelly, conveyance - ■ ]2 00
Koad District No. l.—M iJotto. ;
labor, 83, Tom Lemin vJ4, T Maher HO,
A Huzzoue 10, Paul Kasica (5, J Grifliu
:«G, A A Massa 12«, \V H Vela <fc Son
52.50, M Dabovich 31; ,1 Leina 10,
John Podesta 10, O Dufreue 12, U
Cazza 3, John Ghiglien 32, John
tinder 42, D McUiuley Vi, Jos Kantian
37, J Drendel 24, Stove Ferrari IS, Jos
Wills 8, C Getuliu 37, Green & Katto
•27, J Dabovich 28, JJ Giounaui lv,
John Flaherty 38, V Giovarmoni,
unpplie'a J9.80; John X Martell, blabk-
Hinithiug 7.75; 11 C Hamriek-ihtjor 'J.i,
F D Caminetti 100, Jack ilauley i,
J S Kiug 3, Wm Doyle l(j, John Fox
12, A Voak 8, M Drisooll 2, C Grles
back 2.
Kohcl District No. i!. — J Tonzi labor
m\\ James Kiloy 72, A UotteJl 15, W
U Laugt'ord 198, S A Ptailllpa 12, JM
Heully 33, Jack Dulroiio CO, Draper
& Nichols 8.50, Joe Dufreno If), i N
Cbitwood 10, W ii Phillips 14, C U
frouty 14, W N Prouty 70, Achilla
l'inis H.
Koad District No. I!. — Kosenwald &
Kabu, supplies, 81.30; John Deveti
oeiizi, labor 40, Emmet Gillick 49.20,
T A Laverone 14, W A Carter 18, lieu
iiurdon 24, Leroy Traakwell 4, Thos
Stowers 24, Krmik Thompseu 4.75.
Koad District No. 4— Brlgnoli Eat.
Co., supplies 85.70, Knight A: Co. 34.53,
Cbas Boracoo 27.10; Ueo Waechter
labor 50, John Richards 5.«0, Joseph
11u0t24, iNiok lieruardia 291, Fred
Kabb 12, ii White 172.07, X Schneebly
8.50, A Pharis4. Jake Indlekofer 3.
Koad District No. 5. — G W Koberts
labor S«, 0 Kreomuu 8, M llarroll 62,
John Cruson 25J.50, JL. Miller i, D
Murke 84.10, T ThoiupKon et ul 22,
Geo Glavirjh,O, a M Sburp 13, J 11
Woolford 20, L (J Grittitb et nl 30,
John Pritchard 24, !•' (Jiauuiui 10,
Arthur Pritohard 20, Ueo Ailou 47.21,
1 W Winans 31, X Kowo 10, Walter
Hall 2.50; Cbichizola Est. Co., sup
plies 7.25.
Salary fund— Johu Utrohm, W M
Arniok, A Urillo, D A Fraser uutl L
liiirli(> B'-"j ouch us road oouiiuissioiiei's.
Petition of Alex Uarlow to retail
liquor at 'Kerr'H station granted.
Permit granted liort Jones to sell
liquor lit name place revoked.
W. 11. Glassou grunted permit to
minil liquor at Central house ueai
Plymouth.
I'ermit ot Jos Clementa revoked.
Jotf Tarr uud wifo allowed the sum
of $10 per mouth.
Allowance granted Williams lioys
rescinded.
Clork was Instructed to advertise
for the tarnishing of bupplles for l.he
uomiiig ynur.
Tbe following rates were estnbli*b
od by the board for pi'JutiDg and ad
vurtiuiug for the ousuuig year:
Co. advertising let insertion - % 25
2nd " • S3
L<khl blank* , "4 up to 200 per 100 2 (X)
\i ,", "...'.• :j (X)
" whole , " " " (i 00
" over 200 half price.
Election proclamationa per
' (H > hot less than 12x18 • 12 00
Posters \i sheet per 100 • 2 00
1 each additional 100 75
" M " per 100 - 2GO
each additional 100 1 00
Circulars, letter Blze 100 •' il'DO
" oachadditionnl 100 • GO
County bond! two colors perlOO 15 00
" " each additional 100 000
AfjesHtnont lists per 1000 • I'd 00
" additional 1000 10 00
I'ostid Cnfda, stock furnished
by county, por 1000 - 2 50
Pofltnl carde. stock furnished ,
by county, per 500 • 1 75
Postal oardf, wtook furnished
by county, per 250 • 1 50
Hill lionda, furnished by print
or, par 000 ... ;j oo
UMI beada furnished by print
er, per 250 2 25
Letter heads, slock furnished
by county, per 1000 - 2GO
Letter beads, atock furnished
liy county, per 000 • - 200
tiiivnlopes, stuck furnished by
onunty, any size, por 10UO - 200
Envelopes, stock furnished by
couuty, auy size, 500 - 1 50
Envelopes, lurniflhed by 00.
aiiy size, 250 • - - 1 25
Ulauk covera per 100 - - 250
" " 500 - - (5 00
State and county tax receipt,
tinmnered, bound and per
forated iv bk. of 100 per 1000 15 00
Each additional 1000 over 3000 - 10 00
Asgesors property tax receipt,
numbered, bound and perforat
ed in bka of 100 or less per bk 1 00
Delinquent poll tax reoeipt,
numbered, bound and perfor
ated bka of 100 or less, per bk 1 00
Poll tax receipts, bka. of 100 or
less per book - - - 50
Co. licenses, bks. of 25, Ist bk GO
" " " " additional bk 40
"of 50 Ist bk. - 75
" " " "additional bk 50
" book ot 100 - I 00
" additional bk 50
Uriefs and transcripts, 31 lines
to page, per page - - 90
Kcgistration affidavits, per 1000 GoO
" duplioatea 1000 0 00
Transfer affidavits per 1000 - 500
" " duplioatea 1000 500
Index pads each ;.'•"• - - 50
County claims full size two
color per 10U0 - - - 12 00
Monthly report per 100 - -2 00
lieceipt of co. treasurer per 1000 10 00
Apportionment slips per 100 . 400
Printing of teacher and grammar
grade examination questions,
per 100 - - - 3 50
List of graduates from grammar
grades per 50 slip's 2 50
Koster ot tho schools per 100 - f> 00
Schedule slips of the examina
tions 100 - - . . 3 no
Printing ot the course ot study
per page .... i 00
Kules und regulations per page
tor 100 copies ... 1 \>j
School warrants 10U in books 2 50
Auditors warrants books of 1000 12 0()
PriutiuK great register por namea
' 000 copies - ... 05
frinting del. tux list per sq.
Ist insertion ]5
Printing del. tax list per sq.
2nd insertion 15
Establishment of prices tor record
books continued until next meeting.
Warrants cancelled as follows:
School lund - - - 85001! 15
Current expense - - 1228 25
Hospital .... OCB (>5
Salary .... 2867 43
lioad Dist. No. 1 . 1127.55
" " "2 - 1H5.C3
" " " 3 - - 205 34
" " "4 - - 392 25
" " 5 - . 330 50
(ieneral road fund - • • 245 80
Uridge " - - (<3OJL 73
Teachers institute and library - 23 75
lone Union high school - 1311) ill
Total 820,502.99
Mrs Kobertsou and son, Kenneth,
of' Oakland, and Miss lilanohe Martin
of Arnador City, guru visiting at gthe
fi.imo ut Web Smith at the Kennedy
mine.
Mies llnttio Heminghofen of Cala
roras couuty, is visiting Mrs Hurry
Jones.
BORN.
VAUKK.— lu lone April 8, 1908, to
tho wife of George Yxger, a sod.
MAVAL^H.-At UiKte City, April 9,
liiOH, tu the wito of Finnic Davulle,
a daughter.
JONES.— In Ktooktou on March 20,
IIKW, to tho wife of li. It. Joues, u
daufttber.
MARRIED.
AUjtiN-T(JNZI.-At the Methodist
Eplsuopul paruoiiHce iu Jtu;kBou,
April 0, IUOB, by ttio Uev. Tliob. 11.
Nicholas, Clmrlos Allen to Mra Ida
Totizl, both of lone.
MANUK-HAUON.-ln Onkluud, Cali-
iorulu, tit the I'irut Mnthodist Kjiis-
cojiiil church, bv Jsev. Ueo. W,
Whito, pustor,!" Murcta 21, 1908,
I Ihhiuih liiuiry Mttuck ut Onkluud
and Kittie A. liiuuii of luno.
STILL IN THE FRONT
For full lines of cloth-
ing, shoes, drygoods,
gloves, silks, laces,
embroideries, ladies'
waists and ties, and
corsets, all of which
will be sold to the
people of Amador
county for less than
any house in the
state, taking out the
expenses and ex-
press charges.
SHOW'S CASH STORE
Sutter Creek - California
More Locals.
Information has been received by
his relatives here, that Charles Fuller,
whose parents reside one mile south
of this city was misaiug for several
days while on a prospecting tour iv
the southern of the state. Ilia
horse aa found tied up, and apparent
ly left to take care of itself. Tbe
prospector, however, subsequently
lured up all right.
An Italian minor, whoso name we
have not learned, foil down one of
tho chutes at tho Kennedy this morn
ing, dislocating his right shoulder.
Dr. Endicott has chnrge of the case.
Mrs Wm. Doyle was elected trustee
in Aetna district, by a vote of 8 to 7
for her opponent, Griesbacb.
Tha alarm ot tire was sounded 'last
Saturday on account of the Ureing of
the roof iv a dwelling at Newmau
ville, occupied by a family named
Harris. The roof caught around the
stove pipe. It was put out before
auy damage to spenk of was done,
and before the liro hose had time to
reach tho aceLe.
John F. Davis came up from San
Francisco the llrat part of the week,
on business connected witb the Whit
more estato, over which there is a
contest.
Twenty students of tbe university
will arrive hero about the 21st of this
I and strictly prohibits W^M
I the sale of alum Mmf ~ &S^^S
| So does France
| So does Germany . j|
%\ Ine sale of alum foods ra
| has been made illegal in Washington and the District of Colum- M
S bia, and alum baking powders are everywhere recognized as El
2j injurious* •*• l l \t • ■■■ <■■ ■ H
a 1 o protect yourself against alum,
| when ordering baking powder,
Sap plainly-
w and be very sure you get Royal.
Royal is the only Baking Powder made from Royal Grape 0
M Cream of Tartar. It adds to the digestibility and whole- ti
(4 someness of the food. If
month, intending to go through tbe
mines of this section studying the
formation of the country and tbe
methods of working the ores. At pre
sent theyjure iv Angels Camp, and in
tend to walk from there to this place.
They are accompanied by a couple of
professors of tli mining college.
ANNUAL PICNIC
IN lONE,
Saturday April 25
Under the management of the Odd
Fellows, Rebekahs joining.
President of day IJ. \V. (ireenhalgti
Grand Marshal Claude Wilson
Orator Mrs Jeuuie Katcnstein
of Newcastle
Music by Jacksou Uaud.
Lots of (James and other Amusements. .
UEO. F. MACK,
Sec'y Com. ot Arraugemeuts.
56
Clipped from our Exchanges
From Near-by Counties.
I' 1 . Johnson of Stony oreek left
Wednesday morning for New Yotk,
where he will stay about a year, 110
is going to take a special oourse in
optics.— lone Eoho.
The uncertainty ot life wns trnglCHl
ly shown on last Wednesday afternoon
when lion li. Lewis, jr., working for
theMelones Mining Company, started
to carry a piece of Iron pipe to wbero
Some men were working in the
tunnel. Lewis was joking with the
men when he stooped down aud lifted
the pipe to 1119 shoulder. As he
atraightened up ono end of the pipe
came in contact with the overhead
trolly wire, carrying a- high voltage
of eleotrlcity and with, a short [gasp
Lewis was dead, falling In li is tracks.
—Angels Kecord.
Air ftoblnson has finished cleaning
tbe lone water ditch and haft cleaned
one of tbe reservoirs that supplies
lone with water; he intends cleaning
tbe other reservoir soon.— Kcho.
The drill that is in operation near
the lone Coal and Iron Company's
ooal mine is down over '200 tent; they
have passed through 135 feet of clay
and are still in that formation— Eoho.
The party who left Plaoerville a
little over a week ngo, intending to
go over tbe . summit by way ot tbe
Lake. Taboo and Placerville stage
highway with a pack train were com
pelled to turn hack because of tbe
deep snow which tbey encountered.
William Martin returned from bis
resort at Strawberry last evening.
This is forty-live miles distant from
this city and some miles this side of
tbe summit. Mr Martin reports three
feet of snow at Strawberry, and be
tween eigbt and ten feet on the sum
mit ridge. There is a stiff crust on
tbe snow, bat not strong enough to
bear up the weight of a horse or pack
animal.—Nugeet.
A company recently bonded tbe
Peasley mine near Nashville in this
county, and are proceeding with de
velopment work in a most enoourag
ing manner. A sixteen-incb pay
streak has been found which assays
8300 per ton, and ore in sufficient
quantity is being taken out to keep
live stamps going night and day. The
little mill is grinding 9100 worth of
ore per stamp daily, jnst as the rocu
comes from tbe mine, and without
any sorting whatever. The parties
who have the property bonded are de
lighted. — jN ait get.
Beginning last Wednesday the oost
for filing complaints was increased
from 85 to $6; answers thereto from
82 to 83, and where there are several
defendants in action each answer will
be 82. in defaults 81 will be levied.
These taxes are to be assessed against
the persons who indulge in tbe ex
pensive trouble of trying to knock
some other person by use of tbe law.
The advance in fees will be for the
buying of books for a court house
library. The litigants will maintain
the institution and to them it will be
of no benefit. — Honora Democrat.
A hoodoo loafed around the Times
nflice yesterday and put tbe whole
force up against tbe real thing. To
start tbe morning wrong tbe linotype
burner wouldn't keep the metal hot
and in attempting to keep one eye
anchored on that aud do several other
things, Harry Lamoreaux got f'oue
finger crushed in the umchiue. 'Ibis
practically finished him. Tbe delay
caused them to miss tbe Jamestovvu
mail, and Churlu.s Jackson took it
down on bis wheel, breaking tbe bike
in the attempt. Tapes flew around
promiscuous in the folding machine
iiiiil after fixing them a monkey
wrench was left on tbe feedboard of
the press. It fell into the cogs of
the cylinder aud broke tbe rod work
ing tbe gauge fingers. The rest of
tho day was passed in silent commun
ion with spirits. — Souoia Democrat.
Sunday Chicago Tribune: Dud's
and Uradstreet'a commercial agencies
compile statistics regarding tbe pro
portion of success and failure in
bnsiuess. Of 100 people starting in
business, all lines, all amounts of
capital considered, 1)5 fail and drop
out. Tbe other live, one-twentieth
of tbe whole number, stay in bust
ness, and of this number mi average
ot one, or a proportion of 1 to 100,
wins what may be called a success.
Ot tbe average worker in this coun
try—tbe best country on the face of
tbe earth for tbe worker: One In
1,000 earns more than a "living
wage." One in 5,000 saves as much
as bis best year's income. Ono in
120,000 is depeudeut when be "breaks
down" or la "let out for old age."
Ono in 25,000 iv a position of re
sponsibility and importance. One iv
00,000 "works Into tbe firm." Ono
in 10,000 in "rich," therefore "eno
0(8 fill." One in 500,000 is "a great
man." One lv 1,000,000 is satisfied
—possibly.
Receipt 'Looks, location blanks, deeds
mortgagee, promissory notes, etc.,
for sale; also mining signals on
olntli, graduation diplomas, at the
Ledger offce.
An Old Landmark Destroyed.
On last Hundny night about half
past nine, an old house belonging to
the Uaumhogger brothers, and situated
near tbe old Altavllle Mrowery, was
destroyod by fire. As tbe building
has been vacant for some time, tbe
origin of the tire la not known, but It
is presumed that tramps putting up
there for the night accidentally set
tbe place ablaze.
This whs one of the oldest 'frame
bouses in tbia section, having been
built about 1850 and was originally
used as a grocery and saloon. The
old place has a history replete with
murder and robbery. In its early
occupancy it is said to hove boon the
headquaiters of a gang of thieves and
cutthroats who know no equals in
California early day lite.
This old house was a noted gambl
ing resort and many an unfortunate
mortal holding the higb band at
poker never won out when members
of the gang were present.
One of tbe members of tbe then no
torious gang, named Abe Hunter, a
lawyer by profession, made a visit to
b'ostick liar on the Stanislaus river,
about seven miles trom Angels Camp,
for the express purpose of robbing
some Chinamen. 110 engaged in
gambling with the Mongolians, and
in the course of a game got into an
altercation and shot and killed two
Chinamen and took their money and
gold dnst. At that time tbe popula
tion of llostick Bar numbered over
1000 Chinese, and as soon as Hunter's
deed was made known to them a posse
of Chinamen captured and disarmed
him, and- without doing bim any
bodily injury, wrapped him up in a
pair of blankets, sewing the blankets
firmly about bim, and carrying him
to tbe water's edgo threw him into
the Stanislaus river, where he drown
ed as an atonement for the crime
committed. The Chinamen took
baok tbe money and gold that Hunter
bad taken from their country men.
Tbe remains ot Hunter were recovered
the next day, and tbe Chinamen told
what had happened, but the authori
ties did nothing to the JjCuinamon,
considering tbe removal of Hunter
from earth a good riddance.
Later in the fifties, constable ben
Thorn rounded up tbe gang that fre
quented the wayside grocery J and
saloon and caused them to scatter
hither and thither, and the business
of the grocery wont to pieces with
tbe dispersing of the notorious gang.
Subsequently the property passed to
Peter Miller, and upon bis death
about fifteen years ago, he bequeathed
tbe property to tbe Uaumbogger
brothers, of Angels Camp. Thus,
one ot tbe oldest historical landmarks
of this section was obliterated by tbe
tire of last Sunudy night.— Angels
Kecord. >
Cures Woman's Weaknesses.
We refer to that boon to weak, nervous,
Buffering women known as Dr. Piorce's
Favorite Prescription.
Dr. John Fyfo ono of the Editorial Staff
ot The Eclectic Medical Ksvikw says
of Unicorn root (Uelonias DUAca) which
Is one of the chief ingredients of tho "Fa
vorite Prescription " :
n A remody which Invariably acts as a uter
ine invleorator * * * makes for normal ac
tivity of the entire reproductive system."
He continues " In Uelonias we havo a medica
ment which moro fully answers tho above
purposes than any other drug with which I am
acquainted. In the treatment of diseases pe
culiar to women it is seldom that a case is
seen which does not present some indication
for this remedial airent." Dr. Fyfe further
says: "The following arc among the leading
indications for 11 o lon las (Unicorn root). . Pain
or aching in the back, with ileucorr'hopa :
atonic (weak) condlttofl\of the reproductive
organs of Ikomen. mental depression and Ir
ritability, tfcsoclated wltDchrontc diseases of
tbe reproductive organs of women; constant
sensation at heat In the region of the kid
neys; menprrbagiA (flooding), due to a weak
ened comiltton of/the. reproductive system;
amenor/sceyisurjprcssed ur absent monthly
purludA/tMslJls^roin or accompanying an
abnoKnal condition of the digestive organs
and Amemle ( thin blood ) habit; dragging
tcniMons In tho extreme lower part of tho
abd often. "
If moro or loss of the above symptoms
atrWMenl. Bo Invalid Woman^n dff
DetfcrlKaii takl Ur. flerce'a Favorite'
FrfecmuioOntrgFlira reading ingwli
enisoi wrucltls Unicorn root, or Helonlas,
and tho medical properties of which It
most faithfully represents.
Of Golden Seal root, another prominent
ingredient of "Favorite Prescription,"
Prof. Flnley Elllngwood. M. D., of Ben
nett Medical College, Chicago, says:
"It is an Important remedy in disorders of
the womb. In all catarrhal conditions * *
and general cnfcublement, it Is useful."
Prof. John M. Scudder, M. I)., late of
Cincinnati, says of Golden Seal root :
"In relation to its general effects on tho
system, there U no medicine in use aluntt which
there in such general unanimity at opinion. It
is univenaUy regarded a* the tonic useful In
all debilitated states."
Prof. It. liartholow, M. D.. of Jefferson
Medical College, says of Golden Seal :
"Valuable in uterfno hemorrhage, menor
rhagla (flooding) and congestito dyumenor
rlm-tt (painful menstruation)."
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription faith
fully represents all the above named In
gredlonU and cures the diseases for which
they are recommended.
Real Estate Wanted. .
Wanted.— Would like to limit at
once from owner baring good tnndiutn
size farm or nmall business fur eale
in any good prosperous locality.
I'li'hko give price and description aud
reason for seJlitiK. Stum wlien
jiomhuhhloii can lie had. Nu ugeuts
need reply. Address Lock Druwur
»81, Koobester, N. Y.
ledger and Chicago Wmikly [nisi
Ocean, both papors for oue year $2 50
io advance,
AMADOU LTSimfflU JACKSON, CvVL
WINTER BUTTERFLIES.
A Hardy Broad For Which Fro»t and
Snow Posses* No Terrors.
Coming lv one dny from n walli In n
heavy snowstorm, I dropped upon the
evening table some triangular brown
ish Mts that looked at first sight like
flakes of dried bnrk.
"What are those— chips?"
"No. Butterflieii."
Such a reply with a foot of snow on
the ground aud great probability of a
foot more before morning was accept
ed ns n pleasantry and not to be taken
seriously. The Idea of catching but
terflies lv a snowstorm seemed too
"fishy" for serious consideration.
On the approach of winter most of
tho butterflies, those delicate little
creatures of fair weather, naturally
die. Hut among their number there Is
n wbele hardy brood for which the
rigors of winter possess no terrors.
These are the angle wings, or vanes
slds. They are frequently called "thaw
butterllles" from tho fact that during
the warm spells of winter they HWiike
from their torpor and may fr«|ueiitly
bo Keen sunning themselves near their
place of hibernation or. if the weather
is mild and pleasant flitting lightly
about in the open places.
These Insects pass the winter both
as chrysalis and as mature butterflies.
Normally they remain in the crysalis
form only about two weeks, but it Is
probable that the severe cold overta'kos
some before they are fully developed,
which may account for some of them
hibernating as chrysalis.— St. Nicholas.
COURTING DEATH.
The Work of tho Mounted Police of
Canada In the Northwest.
The Northwest policeman's first duty
is to die If that should be necessary.
He Is not allowed to shoot a desper
ado, go up. sit on bis carcass, roll a
cigarette and tben read the warrant
He must not shoot. At all events be
must not shoot first, which is often
fatal, for If there Is a time when delay
is dangerous it is when you are cover
ing an outlaw, writes Cy Warman In
the Sunday Magazine.
Numbers of the force have been
known to ride or walk into the very
mouth of a cocked .45 Colt and never
flinch. In about ninety-eight cases out
of every hundred the man behind the
gun weakened. -In the other two cases
he extended his lease of life, but made
his going doubly sure: When a mount
ed policeman falls, tbe open space he
leaves is immediately closed, for back
of- bim stands the Dominion govern
ment and back of that the British em
pire. So the desperado who thinks he
can kill and get away has a hard time.
If the police chase him out of the Do
minion back to the islands, be Is likely
to fetch up at Scotland Yard. If his
native village lies south of the forty
ninth, the Plnkertons take up bis trail,
and when all these forces are after i
man bis days are gliding swiftly by.
"Next!"
"I was counsel for n railway compa
ny in the west." says a prominent New
York lawyer, "In whose employ a sec
tion hand bad been killed by an ex
press train. His widow, of course, sued
for damages. Tbe principal witness
swore positively that the locomotive
whistle bad not sounded until after the
entire train bad passed over his depart
ed friend.
" 'You admit that the whistle blew?'
'I sternly demanded of the witness.
" 'Oh. yes; it blew.'
" 'Now,' I added impressively. 'If that
whistle sounded In time to give Mor
gan warning the fact would be In favor
of the company, wouldn't it?'
" 'I suppose so,' said the witness.
" 'Very well. Now, for what earthly
purpose would the engineer blow his
whistle after the man had been struck?"
"'I presume,' replied the witness.
with grent deliberation, "that the whis
tle was for the next man on the
track.' "—Harper's Weekly.
Summary Conversion.
Hawallans all became Christians
through the simple process of an edict
— kapoo— of one of the sturdy old
Kainohumebas. The worthy king, ob
serving that It was easier to kill an
enemy with a Mile than with n club
and that the rifle was the invention of
the Christians, took a short cut through
the theological mazes of the mission
aries who were trying to convert his
subjects aud announced that all Ila
wnliuns were from thut moment Chris
tians. As he added that he would
knock on the head any who objected
tin" thing was done as fust as his cou
riers could deliver his message to his
loving subjects.— New York World.
What He Had Done.
Tactful aud, delicate even for a
Frenchman was the reply made by a
Parisian who hud not found "a life on
the ocean wave" all which one could
wish. He was sinking, pale and hag
gard, into his steamer chair whim bis
neighbor cheerily asked:
"Have you breakfasted, monsieur?"
"No. m'sleur," answered the French
man, with a wan smile; "I have not
breakfasted. On the contrary!"— E
verybody's Magazine. . '
The Name Oscar.
It is interesting to remember that
the name Oscar was bestowed by Na
poleon on Bernndotte's son— tbe first
King Oscar— to whom he stood godfa
ther, not for any Swedish associations.
but because it was the nume of a hero
ic churacter In Macpherson's "Cteslan,"
a work which Nnpoleon continually
studied.— London Spectator.
Tho Praotical Girl.
"Jack told me be could live on my
kisses forever."
"Are you going to let lilm?"
"Not till I tlnd out what I'm going to
live on."— Chicago Journal.
RILEY'S FIRST HIT.
Wrote a Poem "by Poe" and Palmed
It on the Public.
.Tamos Wbltcomb Illle.v l>egan bis ca
reer In n newspaper office In Anderson.
lud., I).T writing humorous rhymes na
"advertising locals" — "'doggerel" he
called them. At tho same time he
wrote many rhrmes with the serloim
Intent lon of Imvlng them. If possible,
recognized us pnpnin, Hut lie could Dot
gut them published, Even composi
tions whose worth lie had tested— those
that "Would pltMiso people when I'd
ntand up and rend 'em to thorn' I—would1 — would
bo returned promptly by every maga
zine to which he offered them for pub
lication. The lloosler dialect wns too
"low down" for the average magazine
editor. fiti t
Finally In a freak of boylsb Indigna
tion, to prove that what editors really
wanted was not originality, but imita
tion, he devised the scheme of writing
n poem in Imitation of Poe and of
palming If off on the public as a real
poem of Poe's recently discovered. The
scheme was very skillfully planned
and very deftly executed und success*
ful beyond anything the clever deviser
of It had ever dreamed. From one end
of the country to the other "Leoualnle"
was hailed as a veritable "find." a bit
of genius' most genuine ore. Rlley had
his revenge. lie had some trouble,
however. In proving that be was not an
Intentional forger.
He lost his newspaper position, but
be immediately got another und better
one on the Indianapolis Journal. "Come
and get pay for your work." said Judge
Martlndale. the editor. Tbe turn in the
tide had come. \
A BORN SOLDIER.
Major General Stuart, the Dashing
Cavalry Loader.
Major General J. E. B. Stuart of the
Confederate cavalry was a soldier by
nature. Daubing and during, cool In
tbe face of danger, he was one of tbe
brave and picturesque figures of the
civil war. H. B. McClellan quotes In
"Life and Campaigns of Major General
Stuart" from General Fltz-Hugh Lee's
Impression of tbe future cavalry lead
er while he was still at West Point:
"I recall his distinguishing charac
teristics, which were strict attention to
military duty; erect, soldierly bearing;
immediate and almost thankful accept
ance of a challenge to fight from any
cadet who might feel himself in any
way aggrieved and a clear, ringing
voice."
Stuart was a most cheerful soldier.
That "clear" voice of hlB was often
used in singing his favorite war soug:
If you want to have a good time,
Jtne the cavalry.
His courageous attitude was held
until the very end. He was wounded
by a pistol on tbe battlefield. As be
was being curried away he noticed the
disorganized ranks of bis retreating
men.
"Go back!" he called out "Go back!
Do your duty as 1 have done mine!
Go back! I'd rather die than be whip
ped!"
Those were his last words on the
field of battle. Later be said, with the
same courage:
"I'm going fast now. God's will be
done."
Bungle's Bad Break.
Mr. Bungle always takes n deep and
sympathetic interest In the welfare of
his fellow man. While out for a stroll
one day he met a friend, who seemed
in a great hurry.
"Hold on. Jones." Bald Bungle, grab
bing his friend's arm. "Why this rush?"
"Bungle," said Jones, removing his
hat and wiping his brow, "I'm hot foot-
Ing it to a specialist. I believe my
brain is affected."
Mr. Bungle, to allay the fears of his
friend and show the customary com
miseration, said jovially:
"Pshaw. Jones, you shouldn't worry
about such a little thing as that!"
"Wn-hnt?"
"I mean you shouldn't let such a lit
tle thing as your brain— that Is. Mr.
Jones, you shouldn't get so excited over
nothing— of course— ah, good day, Mr.
Jones!"— Bohemian.
Teaching the Drummer.
It was the custom In the days of our
old navy for the" men to bring to the
mast all the woruout articles which
were to be Inspected, handed In and ex
changed for new. Tbe drummer had
applied for so many drum heads that
the commodore felt sure he was being
imposed upon aud one day set himself
to watch while the band was playing.
Aa one rattling martial air followed an
other Ills anger increased perceptibly
until he burst forth lv uncontrollable
rage:
"There, now. confound you! I see
why you use so many drum heads.
Don't drum In the middle of it all tbe
time. Drum all over that drum,. I tell
you!"
Plants That Hate One Anothor.
Fancy two plants being so unfriend
ly thut the mere neighborhood of one
is death to the other. Yct*this Is the
case with two well known English
plants. These are tbe thistle and tbe
rape. If a fluid is infested with this
tles which come up year after year
and ruin tbe crops, all you havo to do
is to bow it with rape. Tbe thistle will
be absolutely annihilated.
The Judge's Advantage.
"There Is one udvautajjo which a
Judge always 'has lv his profession."
"What Is thut?"
"Whether he succeeds In a given case
or not, he cau always try it."— Kansas
City Independent.
Many n tnnn too late remembers that
the unspoken word never starts aqluo
rel.— Washington Btnr.
«••• nam % »f*«»seo*'i •*««o«ti*«i« ••••••••••••••••
r-TSLJ | j. Glavinovicli I
• LEADING GROCERY STORE §
• L^S Groceries, Dry Goods, , •
• o Furnishing Goods, Boots, $• •
• a Shoes, Toilet Articles, •
• e Hardware, Miners' Sup- •
2 jii plies, Hay, Grain, Etc. •
S Cor. Main & Court Streets .. •
: JACKSON,, - - CAL. \ BasaarPaiterns X
M»M>M»*MMM«MM»»MHMtMMM»>»MM>»MM»
j; FINE ASSORTMENT OF TEA AND COFFEE *\
CENTRAL GROCERY HOUSE I
]| 0. E. Olver & Wm. J, Nettle, jr., Proprietors. J :
j; Full Line of— \ !
| ; Fresh Groceries, Fruits, Vegetables, ! !
J I Fresh Fish every Thursday and Friday. ; |
;; North Main Street Jackson, Cal. jj
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••o«««»»e««*«««*««*
• KOBTF MAIN STEBET JACKSOK, CAL 2
I CITY MEAT MARKET. !
• •
• 6EO. L. THOMAS A CO. Z
s
j» Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lambrflams", S
• Corned Beef, Lard, Baccn, Etc. 2
• At lowest market prices. - - - Orders promptly delivered. 2
• S
«•••••••♦•♦«♦♦*«•••♦••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••««•
SAVE MONEY
BY USING
PIONEER FLOUR
Because it will make more loaves
of bread to the sack than any
other. Made from strongest wheat
—MANUFACTURED BY—
•— PIONEER FLOUR MILLS. SACRAMENTO O
i—
FOR RENT
The Webb Store Building
35x80 feet, either as a whole or
in two separate Stores. The
largest and handsomest build-
ing in Jackson, located in the
business center.
Suitable for any merchandi-
zing purpose. A splendid oppor-
tunity for business in a thriv-
ing city.
GO3 For full particular apply to
Amadoi X^e&gQx OfficeOFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National Government.
EXECUTIVE
President Theodore Uoosovclt
Vice President. .Charles W. Fairbanks
JUDICIARY
U. 8. SUPUEME COURT JUSTICES
(Chief Justice Fuller);
First circuit Oliver W, Holms
Second circuit. . ...Ilufua W. Pcckham
Third circuit Ilenory W. Brown
Fourth circuit Molvlllo W. Fuller
Fifth circuit Edward w. White
Sixth circuit John M. Harlan
Seventh circuit William R Day
Eight circuit. David J. Urowor
Ninth circuit Joseph McKonna
NINTH JUDICAL CIRCUIT
(Pacific States and Territories)
Circuit judge William W. Morrow
Circuit judge ...I Esklro M. Uoss
Circuit judgo William B. Gllbort
U. 8. Commissioner for Amador coun
ty Richard Webb
LEGISLATIVE
SENATORS FROM CALIFORNIA
George C. Perkins and Frauk P. Flint
CONGRESSMEN FROM CALIFORNIA
First district Wm. Engjobright
Second district. . .Duncan E. McKlnlay
Third distrsct . . . . Jo9oph K. Knowland
Fourth district Julius Kahn
Fifth district E. A. Hayos
Sixth district. .... .James C. Neodham
Seventh district James McLachlan
Eighth district S. C. Smith
State Government.
EXECUTIVE
Governor James N. Glllott
Lieut-Governor Warren It. Porter
Secretary of State Charles F. Curry
Controller .' A. B. Nye
Treasurer. Win. R. Williams
Attorney-General .... Ulysses S. Webb
Surveyor-General. . Wm. S. Kingsbury
Supt. State Printiug.. W. W. Shannon
Clerk Supreme Court. . .F. L. Caughey
JUDICARY
SUPREME COURT
Chief Justice Wm. H. Beaty
Associate Justice . . . .T. B. McFarland
Associate Justice F. W. Henshaw
Associate Justice W. G. Lorigan
Associate Justice .F. M. Angellotti
Associate Justice Luclan Shaw
Associate Justice M. C. Sloss
APPELLATE JUSTICES
First district. James A. Cooper
First district ,'.".. .Samuel P. Hall
First district Frank 11. Kerrigant
Second district Matthew T. Alfen
Second district James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw
Third district Norton P. Chipman
Thiad district Albert G. Burnett
Third district Elijah C. Hart
•
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
First district. Joseph H Scott
Second district Alex Brown
Third district Richard E. Collins
Fourth district Jeff D. McEl valne
RAILROAD COMMISSION
First district Alox C. Twrin
Second district Andrew M. Wilson
Third district. .Theodore Summerland
LEGISLATIVE
Senator, 10th district A. Caminetti
Assemblyman. 11th dist..G. F. Snyder
U. S. LAND OFFICE
[Sacramento]
Register John F. Armstrong
Receiver Will A. Nowcum
County Government.
Superior Judge Hod. K. C. Rust
Sheriff & Tux Collector. ..US Gregory
Deputy W. T. Connors
District Attorney C. P. Vicini
Clork and Auditor J. R. Huberty
Deputy L. Newman
Recorder D. A. Patterson
Deputy L. G. Meehan
Treasurer George A. Gritton
Assessor C. E. Jarvis
Deputy George A. Gordon
Surveror Win. Brown
Supt. of Schols W. H. Grcenhaltf v
Supt. Hospital P. B. LeMoin
Physician E. E. Endicott, M. D.
Corner & Publlo Admr. . .11. E. Potter
Court Commissioner. . . .Goo A Gordon
HOAItU OP SUPERVISORS
Township 1 . . .T.lolui Strolim, Jackson
Township 2W. Amick, [Chairman] lone
Township 3..: A. Grille, Volcano
Township 4D. A. Fraser Suttor Creek
Township 5 L. Burku, Plymouth
JUSTICKS Oi'' THK PEACE
Township No. 1 A. Goldner
Township No. 2 T. 11. Gurtlln
Township No. 3 A. W. Uoblncon
Township No. 4 W. L. Rose
Township No. 5 John Blower
CONSTABLES
Township No. i A. Laverone
Township No. 2 J. E. Kelley
Township No. 3.. ...... T. C. MeKeuze
TownahipNo. 4 T. 8. Tuttle
Township No. 5...... ,, N.E. Wheeler
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weekly for the Ledger.
Waterspouts on Lakes. — Clouds from
Meteors.— (Jutting Bteel by Fric
tion.—A Handy WHtor-Purlßer.-
Bblps of Concrete.—Monox.—im
proved Kilos.— JCmlium Active When
Hot.— The Coming Lengthening of
Life. — Wator Compressed nlr.
Accounts of 122 waterspouts noted
on nine Hwitm lokes have been ool
looted by Prof. J. Kish. That of
June 1!', 1905, on - Lake Zur, was
about 20 yarda in diameter, aud it
stirred up the lake over a rndlus of
perhaps 100 yards. Several photo
graphs were secured. The whirling
column— more than halt a mile high
was hollow, had a left-handed motion,
and trav.eled eastward at the rato of a
little mure than sevon miles on hour.
No important evidence was found
that any of these waterspouts were
produced by the meeting of opposite
winds.
Iho meteor trains studied by Prof.
Trow bridge, of Columbia University,
are the luminous streaks often seen
in the wake of shootiag stars, and
they may continue many mintituH, or
even an hoar or more. They drift
slowly and beuome distorted, as if by
ait- currents. They seem to be self
luminous, and may sometimes be seen
in daytime. They somewhat resemble
the afterglow on 'turning off the cur
rent from vacuum tube electrodes.
The glow is greenish yellow, diffuses
100 yards a minuto, and is moat
striking at a pressure calculated to
be that of the atmosphere at a helgnt
of 55 miles.
The singular phenomenon] of ,hard
steel being cut by a rapidly revolving
disc of soft steel has been somewhat
puzzling. A microscopic examina
tion by an English engineer, F. W.
Harbord, has now shown that the
metal acted upon is heated nearly or
quite to the melting point of steel,
but only at the point of contact with
the disc.
In the absence of other water
sterilization, Dr. Kiegel, of the Aus
trian Army, finds citric acid effective.
In a shallow vessel Id -sunshine, . 0.6
of citric acid killed cholera germs in
5 minutes, and the typhus in \y,
hours.
Among those who have tried rein
forced concrete -as a material for
bouts is a firm of liome, Italy, whose
experiments have extended back more
than ten years. They have built a
number of vessels having a displace
ment of 100 to 150 tons. The frames
have been of reinforced concrete, and
these have been covered on the out
side with concrete reinforced with
wire netting and on the inside with a
similar layer, thus forming a doublo
hull enclosing water-tight compart
ments. A dual coating of pure
cement gives the outside a highly
finished appearauoe. Such vessels
are claimed to have the advantages of
rapidity aud cheapness in building,
low cost of maintenance, great resist
ance to waves and shock, aud of being
—unlike woodeu vessels— quite tire
proof.
The new silicon monoxide of a New
York chemist, H. N. Potter, is pro
pared by mixing carbon with quartz,
the dioxide, and heating in an eleo
trio furnace, with provision for
carrying off the carbon monoxide gas
generated. Suitable collection cham
bers receive the silicon monoxide.
This is obtained as an exceedingly
fine powder, which may be pressed
into bricks, with or without alumina,
magnesia, or other raatorlal, for
grinding wheels, or It may be used as
a pigment. A vitreous form some
timos produced differs from crystal
line silicon in being r non-conductor
of electfioity, "Monox," as the
material is to bo known, has great
covering power as a paiut, and is
suggested us of possible value as pro
tection agaiuat rust.
The new files produced by a Shef
field firm mo stated to be the result
of much experimenting, in which a
special chrome steel has been de
veloped. Under test, one of the Ulna,
making 270,000 strokes in HHi 4 ' hours,
baa removed 10>£ pounds of tilings,—
a much greutoi eilioieiicy thun tho
ordinary illua can show. Tho state
ment that radium loses activity oil
heating has boen tested by Dr. 11. \V.
tichmidt, wbo finds that at 100 do
grees C. itn eU'eets are exuotly as at
ordinary temperature.
In bis gropiuga after truth, the
biologist la forced to conclusions that
oftou seem strauge. I>. C A.
Stevens of Nor why Lake, Malue,
whoae "Natural Kalvutiou" haa pass
ed through fuur editions since l!K>:i,
ooutenda tbat matter itself la life,
aud that immortality is represented
by the iudcutructibility of matter.
Thin matter hug been living from its
iuwcHt aud moat attenuated estate aa
ether through its aggregations into
oorpusclea, utuma aud molecules,
FKIIJAY. APBIL 10, 1008
which hove generated niusle cells or
pro-tozoana, dnvnloplng luto tneta
zoiiiiH and culminating in the still pro
grnssing groups of cells of the hnmnn
Mr n in. The oorpusclea nud some of
the atonifi nlone fletim to be immortal
groups of the primitive ions. The
ilugle cells and the higher orgbtiiza
tions poriah aa individuals, and need
to bu reproduced, though matter lives
on in ever-changing forms. im
mortal life appears from this obser*
vcr'e Btivly of tho coll to bo a stago
of devolopraant yet to bo reached.
Three-tourtba ot tho liuninn race fall
victims directly or Indirectly to the
mhUom of noxious uuioellulur life,
nllmatlo conditions— oaphble of con
trol—are dentructivo, reproduction is
abnormnlly exhaustive, and "old
age" results from unsuitable food ami
imperfect nutrition. Teu yearß of
concentrated research by v thousand
nell-equlpped investigators should
giro chemical foods that would leave
in the organism neither ash nor
detritus. Krood from "old ago"
clogging and preventible disease,
with a certain mental discipline that
may be acquired, the bralncells seem
planned to go on torover, aud the
perfection of an Immortal race is in
accord with post ovolution,
In a novel American plnn for driv
ing motors by compressed air troui a
fall, of water, three Ike-foot shafts
ore sunk behind a dam to a depth: of
330 feot, ending in a chamber having
a capacity of 7O,()i)o foot. As the
water falls down the shaft, it carries
air und compresses it in the under-
ground chamber to as much as T},{
atmospheres. I'bo compressed air
is carried to the motors by a pipe,
aud tbo water rises through a tall
race to a level about G5 feet lower
than that above the dam. In develop
ing 5,001) horse-power, 82 per cent of
the theoretical power is realized.
The first cost of such a plant is large,
but the expense of maintenance is
quito insignificant.
INSURE YOUR HEALTH
"\j|& m COMFORT
>^*e?£7>i\ on stormy days
M\ V I K ; ' w^ ky wearing a
/ "' vJrl^! Clean -Light
XttiSft Durable
Guaranteed
pW"jjßf' Watorproof
JS» W^sJi*^rS* -^ * 3 - Everywhere
V -"N I°' a j tower CO >0&roN. y % »,
V- ■' TOWI* !»'■ *!>■*-, CO Lim'lO TOOOhTO C*«
E. /ViARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic)
VVines*Uquors* Cigars
JACKSON CAL.
pkISTRIDUTINQ AGENTS FOR J. F.MAR
lJ tell Cognac, Moet AChaudon. White Sou'
uud Privato Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Urns.
Puerto Ut! Sr.nta Maria Sherries: Koyal Wine
Company, Oporto, Port Wines; Dubos Frores,
Bordeaux. Clarets and Sautornes; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
ited, Wulltervllle, Ontario, Canada: John tic
Kuyper & Zoon, Cotterdam, C>ln; Qilka Kuem-
mel, from J. A, Gllka, Berlin; Uurthloomay
Browery Company, Rochester, N. Y,, Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogshead Brand of Uulnnes.s,
Stout and Hass' Alo (bottlod by Read Hro.s.,
London); Cantrell & Cochraue, Belfast, Gldrci
Ale; Nnglee Brandy; Relrooorted Amerlcac
Wnisltliss
Special Small Ads.
AdvertlsomoutH undor this bead, not oxrocd-
lng 5 lines, will be Inserted nt 500 per month, or
& cents per line for less tbanono month.
A LL kinds of Ulunkn for U, S. Land Pilings—
**■ Uomostead, Timber and Mineral blunlts—
muy bu bud ut the ledger office; also deeds
mortgages, mining locations, proof of labor
and other legal blanks kept for Hale.
b'Oli a ALE.— 2 saddle horses,
specially good for cattle; 1 saddle; 2
colts 3 and 1 years; 1 lirst class
buggy. John Uiaunini, Drytowu,
Cal. March G-3t.
Mining Signals on cloth, required
to be posted iu all mines, for sale sit
the Ledgor oitioe.
For Sale— Lot of beDcbes, formerly
used in Webb hall; 6 ami 8 teet loug;
suitable for show piaoe,cburoheß, etc.
Will bo sold clump; apply at Ledger
Acknowledgment blouks for nota-
ries, specially priuted tor Ammlor
couuty, may be had at the Ledger
ulllcu. t'ricu 50n per puoket ot 50.
Copies ot the license ordinance of
the City of Jackson iu pamphlet form
may be had at the Ledger office; price
15c. oiuili.
Km 1 iSule or Kent.— The Johna house
aud lot opposite skatiug rink on
Uroadway street, Jackson. Inquire
of Wm. (J. Hnydor, Jackson, Cal.
Cheap for cash.— One gentle mare
with harness completo, and light
spriufi wugou. Apply ut E. B. Pltolf,
Juoksou.
l*'or Kent— Two frout rooms in the
Webb hall bulldiug, Duituble for
offioea. Apply ut Ledgor office.
Kuril ishud Koomu to lut: inquire ut
l-iedner olfloe.
WANTKD.— A bitiiuliuu us cook or
housekeeper by middle ugetJ Judy,
luquiio at Ledger office. uiur. 20, It
A JUBILEE JOKE.
Lady Churchill's Bustle That PlayH
"God S.ivo tho Queen."
Everything that year (Queen Victo
ria's Jubilee year) was dubbed "Jubi
lee," from knights and bnblcs to hatt
niul conts. "God Rave tho Quc<«i" wan
beard nd nauseam on every conceiva
ble occasion until the tune became
an obsession. This led to n practical
Joke ut the castle which en used much
amusement. One? morning, Rponklng
of tho Jubilee cin/.0, I pretended thnt I
had received ns nn mKertlseinent a
"jublleo bustle," which would play
"God Save tlia Qceen" when the wear
er not down. This, of course, created
much curiosity and laughter. Having
promised to put it on. I took my hosts
Into my confidence. An iild-de-cnmp
wns pressed Into tho service and armed
with n small musical box yns made to
hide under a particular armchair.
While the company was at luncheon 1
retired to don the co called "jubilee
wonder," and when they were all nts
sembled I marched In solemnly and
slowly snt down on the armchair
where the poor ald-de-camp was hiding
his cramped limbs. To the delight and
astonishment of every one the national
anthem wns heard gently tinkling
forth. Every time I rose it stopped;
every time I sat down It began again.
I sllll laugh when I think of it and of
the astonished faces about me.— "Reru-
Inlnccnccs of Lady Randolph Church
ill" iv Century.
A GREAT STATESMAN.
Humorous Incident of Gladstone* Ri-
valry With Disraeli.
An anecdote of Gladstone at the time
of his greatest rivalry with Disraeli Is
often retold. At a dinner party the
subject of Judaism cropped up.
"Admitted." snld Gladstone, "that
the Hebrews have given the world a
philosopher in Spinoza, musicians In
Mendelssohn and Meyerbeer, a poet in
Heine, the fact remains that they
have not produced a single statesman."
There was silence for n moment. Ev
ery one knew of course that this was
a direct allusion to Disraeli. Then one
of the company stepped into the
breach.
"Mr. Gladstone," he said, "as a mat
ter of fact the Hebrews have produced
a statesman and one of the greatest
the world has seen."
The fighting Instinct of Mr. Glad
stone surged up at once. "May I ask,
sir," he said pointedly, "who was this
Hebrew statesman?"
Every one, anticipating a more than
lively scene, waited In tense expecta
tion for the answer. It came in the
quietest tones, "Moses, sir." Every
one smiled, and Mr. Gladstone Joined
In the laugh.— Vienna Welt.
A Jewel Beyond Price.
Many years ago a Norwegian was
taken to a big London hospital suffer
ing from an illness which prevented
him from earning his living. Sir Fred
erick Treves operated upon him and
completely cured him of his trouble.
Some weeks afterward the man called
upon Sir Frederick at his private house,
and, much to his surprise, presented
him with a coin. At first Sir Frederick
refused to take It. but the man would
not be put off.
"It is now three years since I left my
native land," he said, "and before I
came away ray wife gave me this coin,
and told me never to part with It un
less I w.is starving. It is not worth
anything, but the value to me I cannot
express. When I was in the hospital I
made up my mind that you should
have It. Since you cured me I have
been starving, but I would not part
with the <:oln because I wanted you to
have It as a small return for saving ray
life."
"What magnificent piece of jewelry."
said Sir Frederick when he told the
story, "could equal the value of that
coln?"-Lnndon M. A. P.
The Attraction of Chess Problems.
The mere player who has never ex
perlenced the magnetic attraction of
problems cannot fully realize the feel
ing of joy and satisfaction from solv
ing some masterpiece, the work of a
famous composer. There can be no
doubt that solving problems, especially
from diagrams. Is nn intellectual
amusement and tbat the study of prob
lems tends to accuracy of analysis.'
quickens the perception and strength
ens the chess faculties generally and
may occasionally Impart some of those
sparkling Ideas which are so sadly
needed in ordinary piny.— Strand Mag
azine.
Riot of Joy Proffered.
A tramp applied for help at a house
In the country. The kind hearted mis
tress made It a rule never to turn any
awu,v empty handed.
"Here's o dime for you. my man."
she Bald. "I'm not giving it to you for
charity's sake, but merely because It
pleases me."
"Thankee," said the mau, "but
couldn't you make it n quarter and en-
Joy yourself thoroughly, mum?"— Phil
adelphia Ledger.
Gloomy Hamlet.
"I went to the theater last night"
"What did you see?"
"A play called •Hamlet.'"
"How was it?"
"Fair, ouly fair. A good, lively sex
tet would do It a world of good."—
Louisville Courier-Journal.
An Easy Trick.
"My wife can tell what time It Is in
the middle of the ulgbt when It la
pitch dark."
"How does she do it?"
"She makes me get up and look at
tho clock."-Loudon Fun.
Every one desires to live long, but no
one would be old.— Swift.
ESTABLISHED 185.5.
THE
AMADOR LEDGER
Published in the Center of the Richest
Mother Lode Gold Belt.
Printed every Friday Afternoon.
R. Webb, Editor and Proprietor. M. P. Calkins, Business Manager
Tlie Oldest
Ifcvllost .IzaJElvLentisil
Dfcv£ost TTVldLelsr Cixc-CLlsttsd
-A-zicL 0n.13r All-Home ZFzizrt
Paper published in Amador County.
The Best Advertising Medium
Republican is politics
-
But tne slave of no party
And the foe of all political and Official Cliques and Rings
Free and Independent in the discussion of all matters pertaining to
to the Local Government
Fearless in the ventillation and exposure of Official Wrony Doinir
The Paper for the Family
For the Farmer
For the Miner
For the Merchant and Business Man
For the Taxpayers and Citizens Generally
Two Dollars per year]
If paid strictly in advance; otherwise $2.50 will be charged.
OUR CLUBBING RATES:
Ledger and Dally Call, one year.S 9 00 Ledger and Weekly Chicago In-
LeCgor and Weekly Call one year 320 T t3 -' Ccoan •■ ;••••
_ « •■_.- „' _, . . Ledger and Cosmopolitan Maga-
Le&cer and Dally Chronicle, one sine one year 2 75
year 9 °° Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
Lee per nd Weekly Chronicle, year, including free pattern.... 260
oneyear 300 Lejlg-e,. an d Pandex of the Press 275
Ledger and Dally Examiner lyear 900 Ledger and Pictorial Review.... 250
Our Job Printing Department
Is tho most Completo to be found int the mountains.
Up-to-date presses, Simplex Typesetting Machine, Folder, Perforatinsj
Machine, Numbering aud Punching Machines.
We buy our paper stcck from Manufacturers at Bottom prices.
Billheads, Letter Heads, Statements.
Pamphlets, Posters, Dodgers,
Checks, Receipts, Tags,
Business and Visiting Cards,
Programs, Etc.
All kiuds'of Legal •Mlanks, Briefs and Transcripts printed promptly aud
neatly. In short, wo cau do anything in the printing line
OTJE PBICBS are RIO-ST
We|Can an Do Compete with City Prices.
If you havn anything in the printing line, don't send it away Lut pat
roolze homo industry
78
LOCAL EDITORIAL COLUMN.
THE CITY ELECTION.
The election for city officials will take place next Monday,
April 13th. Very little interest is being taken iv the affair,
beyond the effort of two or three trustees who are candidates
for re-election without opposition, and whose activity, there
fore, under the circumstauces is open to distrust as being
prompted by other motives than a desire for their own re
electiou. It is not difficult to divine the moving cause of this
activity, when the fact is called to mind that recently a peti
tion containing 143 signatures — a clear majority of all the
votes cast at the last election, with a margin of fourteen to
spare — praying for the calling of a special election to vote on
the question of disincorporation, was unceremoniously turned
down in ultra dictatorial fashion, without rhyme or reason,
aad without giving the petitioners an opportunity to be heard
in their own behalf. This action was a personal affront to
every voter whose name was attached to that petition; it left
every signer thereon in a quandary whether he himself was
not branded by these servants (? masters) of the people of
Jackson as one of the no-account signers, . who was not en
titled to have any voice in the affairs of the city of Jackson.
The Ledger cannot couceive how any one on that petition
can consistently vote for any official who took part, either
actively or passively, in that high-handed outrage against the
time-honored privileges of American citizens as guaranteed
by the federal constitution. That would be tantamount to
meeting an iusult to a vital principle of republican govern
ment, with a compliment, and an invitation to "do it again."
Many of those concerned in the petition have resolved not
to go to the polling place at all at Monday's election. This
is the emphatic way of protesting against the autocratic
methods of the trustees and their counsellors. If any of the
petitioners are determined to vote on account of innocent
candidates, for marshal or clerk, it is hoped that as a matter
of self-respect they will abstain from affixing the cross
opposite the names of any of the present trustees, thereby
emphasizing their disapproval of their tactics. Let them
write the uameof any citizen in the blank spaces opposite the
printed names in the column left for that purpose.
As far as the contests for marshal and clerk are concerned,
both, iv our opinion, were engineered with the same end in
view as the agitation to bring out a big vote. To our mind
they carry the bogus mark, and no one should j be deceived
thereby. Henry Wiel, who has been inveigled into running
for city clerk, has been in San Francisco for the last two
weeks, realizing the motives behind the pushing forward of
his name in connection with the office. He feels no interest
in the outcome, under the conditions, and whether he will
return before the election is problematical.
In view of the facts above given, and also in face of the
dubious character of the official ballots, there is nothing to
be gained by getting in the voting line. On the other hand
keeping away from the polls will help toward righting the
great wrong inflicted upon the individual, and toward the
redeeming of the name of the community from the reproach
cast upon it by the city managers in scorning over one-half
of the total number of voters. The object of that petition has
not been killed by the rebuff. It is sleeping, ready at any
favorable opportunity to reassert itself.
As a rule, citizens of this free land, who are attached to
the principles of freedom, are not so built as to be brow
beaten into inaction and silence by trusted servants trying
to lord it over their employers on the strength of a brief
span of delegated authority.
The effort to impanel a jury in bribery case against Abe
Ruef is now in progress in San Francisco, with Judge Dool
ing of San Benito presiding in place of Judge Dnnne. Select
ing a jury promises a record-breaking problem as regards
time In a tussle of two days, with eleven talesmen ex
amined, not one has been sworn to try the issue, all being
excused for cause. Neither side has had to exercise a per
emptory challenge. Those who ought to know predict that
it will take from two to three months to get a jury. The out
look is appalling from a financial as well as a judicial
standpoint. As Heney says the matter resolves itself into a
question of endurance.
The battleship fleet is scheduled to reach San Francisco on
May 12. Great preparations are being made for the recep
tion. It will be one of the most notable events in the history
of California.
The issue in our muuicipal election is not the selection of
this or that candidate. "To vote or not to vote; that is the
question." What a sorry plight has thus been forced by
the misdirected officials upon the people of this city. Is
there a paral-lell to this situation in the history of this or
AMADOU LEDGER, JACKSON, CAL.
Noums and uowirs emeus.
A Big Crowd Attracted to This
Famous Show.
' Monday Iftat wna n gain tlino in
Jackson, being tbe seooud appoarnnoe
of Morris and Howe's cirnus at tbis
plane. The hi)! c.nrnvaiisury wna here
two years ago, and drew n large
ooncourse on that occasion. Monday,
however, It la believed the gathotlog
waa conaiderflhly largot limn on the
Ilrst occasion, lielug tho only ap
pearance in Araador county, or within
a radiua of over 'JO tnilea of Jnokson,
people enmo from all tbe towns iv
the county to witness it. Visitors
worn here from many points in Cain
veraa county. When the parade took
place at lO&U a. m., poople thronged
eaoh aide of Main etreot to eoe the
pageant, aud it was fully up to ox
peotatious. The spot selected for tho
touts waa thn mime as ou the pre
vious occaaloU'-iu tho Hold near tho
old toll house on tbe Knimndy grario.
There wore two big tents pitched,
one covering the oircufl rings propor
and tho animals connected with it
tbo other containing all tho nido
shows, which wore 10 or 12. in num
ber, the admission to tbo latter, h«
ing 25 oente, entitling one to go
through tbe entire list. There was
one sido show outside in which a
snake charmer— a -Mexican nnlf breed
Indian woman was exhibiting with
40 or 50 reptiles— including deadly
snakes, tjbe professed to allow them
to bite her with impunity, claiming
that she wns immune, that her sys
tem was so impregnated with the
virus that it had ceased to have any
nlfeot. Of course, tbis wbh not gener
ally credited, and the opinion pre
vailed that tbe loathsome reptiles had
been rendered powerless to in 11 lot
harm.
At the afternoon show tbe side
show, aud the big tent, with seating
capacity of about 2500 was well Oiled,
most of them being reserved seats.
Ibe same waa repeated in the even
ing. It is estimated that from 1500
to 2000 people were present ou eaoh
occasion, and that the total receipts
from all sources for the day was over
85000.
As far as tbe performances were
concerned they gave excellent satis
faction. a J'he . horses and riding,
acrobats, trained animals, clowns,
and everything relating to the show
was fully vii to tbe high reputation
enjoyed by this great combination
catering to the public amusement.
Probably from 1000 to 1500 people
from tbe outside were iv tbis city
during tbe day, and this influx meant
a largely increased patronage, tor
hotels, Htnbles, restaurants and other
business bouses. Tbe circus people,
no doubt, did a paying business too,
but tbe. attendants got a dollar's
worth for their money.
A Knocker
is a man who can't see good iv any
person or thing, it's a habit caused
by a disordered liver. . If you Hud
that you are beginning to see thmgs
through blue spectacles, treat your
liver to a good cleaning out prouess
with liallnrd's Herbiue. A sure euro
for constipation, dyspepsia, indiges
tion, sick bendoobe, blliousuoss, all
liver, stomach and bowel troubles.
Sold by Kuhser's City I'harmaoy.
Lincoln and Wildman Sold.
Monday morning the sberifF sold
the properties of the Lincoln aud
Wildman-Maboney mines of Butter
Creek, to satisfy tho judgment.'
brought for lieqs against tho pro
perty for labor performed during Hie
past two years. The only aud suo
cessful bidders for the properties
were the attorneys for the claimants,
they being Wm. J.McUee, ■ who bid
in the Lincoln for 95U4G, while C. V,
Viciui, attorney for tho iilaiuiaut?
agaiust the Wildman, bid that pro
perty in for 5205911.80, which makes
the total amount bid about 826,210.00.
i'lio total amount of the judgment on
the various cases which have been de
cided ia 125,761.59.
OASTOHXA.
Bears tho _4? TtlB Kind You Have Always Bougtt
I Y llpl
Absolutely NEEDS SCTJENCK'S I
Munilruke I'ltla. For ai'iluiitary ■
worker* of every claw, without an imju»l. ft
For Conttlpation, Iniligcttlon, Bick Hwtd- f I
ache, and Clliuuiatuu, to all of which com- H
pUlnti the ledenUry are peculiarly nub- H
SCHENCK'S ■
MANDRAKE PILLS I
L| "Liven the Liver" p
fixwX luauru luNtltli, tmanil energy aml^W
Wgood apirlu. Cuutinuvut uao uut uoceawry.^
m Purely Vegetable. ■
I AliMiluti-ly kartuleat. I
■ For aulo •Yerywhere. l'l.iln or Hugar Coated. l
1 25 ceuU a box or by mail. ■
% Dr. J. 11. Schonck & Son, m
%^ Philadelphia, Pa. "M
Letter from Nevada.-'
Charles Archer.who for two borroiis
v.'iin nianngrr of John Chinn'a vaude
ville show in Jnokaon several yoars
iiKo, niul who is well known tbrough
ont the county, writing to a frlmid in
this city from Pnllisßde, Nov., says:
I'nllisade, Nev., April 1, 1908.
Krlenrl Cborley-
Ulg strike on Stafford mountain',
nliiiul (ire miles from hern, west. In
fnot, there are two strikes, a few
cliiiniH apart. Looks to me like nhlor
ide. Quo claim runs to 822 to the
ton, and only in about a*i feet. The
other la an old abandoned'shnft, will
run from 81ii to BHOU. The doctor who
examined It says it will go to 81000 to
tho ton. Htitli are free mil I Ing ore,
nnd you can crumble it up In your
fingers.
A man with capital and a small
stump mill could make big money.
From my personal observations 1 am
Hiiro that we have mountains of low
gindo copper up to 15 per cent on the
surface, and showing indloutionfl of
that dark reddish I town that shows
in all wood Nevada copper. Iho cop
per is not more than a mile from
town. 1 looked at seven cluims in one
day, nnd tbey all looked good.
In spite of these discoveries, the
town Is awful. The Western haa shut
down all woik again. Knocked off the
Dlght shift on the tunnel, and Is shut
ting oil' the various grading camps.
Eureka with all its mines is idle on
acoount of tho Salt Lake smelter be
ing shut down.
1 expect to get shut otf any old time.
There is not a town in Nuvada really
booming, except Jiawhide, and that's
tull of typhoid pneumonia and spinal
mengiuitis. I've been sick for past
week wltb internal cold and lung
trouble. Say, thanks for papers.
Send Jackson Ledger. One of the
girls likes to read It.
A healthy man is a king in bis own
right; bd unhealthy man is an un
happy slave. Burdock Wood Hitters
builds up sound health— keop. you
well.
O ,£4 •£. O Jt*. X X*. .
lisarß tho _^? 1I)9 YoU llavB Wvvavs BOilgTT
Delinquent Sale Notice
of the Jose Gulch Mining Company a corpora
tloii iluly organized and existing under and
by virtue of the laws of the state of California,
t)f ving its olllco and principal place of business
Hi Ilutlu H.isin, (Jackson post office) Amador
county. California, and its property and worlw
at tho same place.
Notice —There nre delinquent upon the fol-
lowing dmcribod stock, on account of assess-
ment levied on tbe Cth tiny of January, 1908,
tho several amounts sot opposite the names
of the respective shareholders, us follows :
No. No.
Nume. Cert. Shares Am't.
V. K. Armstrong li)9 3000 8150.00
I<\ K. Aruißtrouß IiOO 1000 50.00
\>\ K. Armstrong 207 .'« 1.65
Il'.I 1 '. E. Armstroug 257 10(57 5:5.35
John Armstroug IUH 500 > 25.00
Mary Armstrong 232 200 10
Panuie Armstrong IMS 200 10
Kuth Armstrong 236 200 10
Jack Armstrong 231 200 10
Ward Armstroug 235 200 10
A. H. broad 20'2 UOOO 180
A. H. Jiroarl 207 433 21.65
A. H. Broad 2119 200 10
A. H. broad 256 10C7 53.35
MrsJ. M. Broad 240 200 10
Ursula K. JJroad 243 200 10
Jlay Craue 99 200 10
Clay Crane 175 20 1.00
L*. M. Karweil 133 300 15.00
I' 1 . M. Fiirwell 115 500 25
I*. M. Far we II 140 500 25
V. M. Farwell 140 500 25
V. M. Farvvell 18] 50 2.50
V. .M. Karwell 219 500 25
l<. M. Far well 230 17 ' . .85
KM. Farwell 208 2000 100
(i. \V, IlaiiioB 9 1000 50
ti. \V. llaiues 30 1000 50
(J. W. Haluoa 11 500 25
U. W. llaines Gl 500 25
(j. W. llniues 75 1000 50
U. W. llaines 77 500 25
G. W. Uaiues 214 300 15
Liura (j. Huiues 55 200 10
IJ. J. ilouJt 30 100 5
I). J. lloult It2 100 5
BM Uicldnbothainllil 200 10
SMllickiubotbaiul3B 200 10
J P Little 15 1000 50
J. V. Little 322 100 fi
J. V. Little 190 100 5
E. J. K Meroux 33 200 10
K. J. P. Meroux 173 20 1
Mia Annie Mci'hee 205 00 :t
Kichard Moore 245 500 25
t'oter C. Nelnon 81 500 25
Potor C. NelHon 191 50 2.50
I'otor C. Nolsou 270 2211 n
Mabel 11. Hum 93 200 10
Mnbol 11. Kosh 205 300 lb
0. M. Whitnoy 124 2,0 10'
C. M. Whitnoy 200 300 l; I
11. Ij. Whitney 190 3400 170 "
Clnru 'A Farwell 240 2'j<> 10
And inaocordunoe with Inw, und unorderrf
thH llcmril of Directors mude ou tlu» bixth
d»y of Juuuury, I!kjh. ko inuuy uhureH of
juuli purvol ut such stock us mity bo ueoes-
~i»ry will tio sold ut public unction
:tt the oftluo of the coiupuny und Bucre-
tury ut Hutii! llikHlu, Amudor county .California,
on tho HKCONU duy of MAItUM. IWW, ut tho
tour of ton o'clm-U u, in., of mttd duy,
to pay delinquent ussossnvjnt thoreon, toK^ther
with costs of udvertlsiuK und exp«n»oH oi HUle
J i'. LITTLK.
Seuruturv of tho .lost- (iulch Mining Com-
pimy. onicn ut llntii! Huhlii, (JuvkHoa post
oillcu), Ainudor County, Cullfoiuiu
POSIPONKMKN'f.
I'lUHiiiiiit to a resolution of the
llmuil oi Dlrectnrt) o( the Juno (iuich
Miuiug Couiimuy paased ut a reuulur
meetiuK tield ou Mouday, Maroli 2,
IUUB, the hiilh of aliovo riettoritHitl
i-liwk liiih boon postponed to Monduy,
Alay i, I'J'.im, at whloh time, it pay-
inont in not iiiailu betore, find stock
will in! ttold.
J. I'. LIiTLH.
Hccretury of Johb (iulch Miuiug
Company, ottlce at Jiutte ISunin (Jauk-
miii pojt oltioe), Amudor uuuuty,
t'alitoruhi.
Notice to creditors.
Estate of .lumen I'. Diow deceased.
Notice Ih hereby given by the
undersigned, ndminlstrntor ot the
ofitnte of James I*. Drew, decensed, to
tho creditors of and all persons hav-
ing clnlms ngaicst the said deceased,
to exhibit thonl, with the necosenry
vouchers, within four mouths alter
the first publication of this notice to
the said administrator at the law
oilioe of Wm. J. MoUee, Court street,
Jackson, ('ni.. the samo lining tbo
place for tbe transaction of tho busi-
ness of said estate, in said Amndor
county.
<j Dated, March 21, I'KIH.
11. K. i'OTTEK,
Administrator with the will annex-
ed of tbe ostute of James I'. Drew,
deceased.
Wm. J. MoUee, attorney for admin-
istrator, mar, '21-ftt
Notice to Creditors.
Estate ot Joseph Manley deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the
uudersigned, administrator of tbe
estate of Joseph Manley, deceased, to
tbe creditors of nnd all persons hav-
ing claims against the said deceased,
to exhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers, within four months after
the first publication of this notice to
tbe said administrator, at the law
office of W. J. McCJee, Court" street,
Jackson, Cat., thn name heing the
place for tbe transaction of the busi-
ness of said estato, in said Amador
county.
, Dated, Marcb '21. 19UH.
H. E. POTTEK,
Administrator of the estate of
Joseph Manley deceased.
Wm. J. MoUee. uttornoy for admin-
istrator, mar. 27 -fit
We area
Commercial Bank
Which means that we
are prepared to grant
to the merchant, the
farmer and the profes-
sional man every ac-
\ commodation consist-
ent with sound bank-
ing
BANK OF AMADOR COUNTY
Julius Chichizola, President' '■
C. L. Culbert, Cashier
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
I DAILY STAGE LINE |
» BETWEEN •
; JACKSON and EL DORADO •
i J. Stelner. Proprietor. •
I Leaves Jaclison every morning at 7:30 *
a a.m.; arrives at Plymouth 10:30a.m. •
• Leaves Plymouth at 1 p. in.; arrives at *
| El Dorado sp. ut. J
| Leaves £1 Dorado 7:15 a. m ; arrives J
I at Plymouth 11 a. m. Leaven Plymouth «
• at 3p. m. ; arrives Iu Jackson at sp. m. *
| Offices— Jackßon. National Hotel; But- J
i ter Creek, American Exchange; Amu- Z
J dor City, Amador Hotel; Dry town, Ex- J
J change; Plymouth, Forest House. J
» Prompt delivery of packages. •
• ThU line ronnects with passenger •
* trains to und from i'luccrville. *
• THROUGH FARE • • • • $2.50 £
• Fifty pounds of bn^KUKe frefl. •
«••••••« •••©••••••o»e»»»»»
• <4
• GO TO THE «•
|II Ii |
• When Yon TIT?TOAH •
• Want Fresh J J IXllilVlJ «
:LI PORTO HO- 11 \
• We also)keep a large stock of Staple *
• und Fancy "*
? GROCEKIES i
Our Specialty— Fresh'.Bread every day <•
except Buudoy •
If You Want Z~
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING DUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Malt
SACKAMENTO
i CALIFORNIA. my29
* B«an tb« Kind You Havj Always Bought
Semi-Annual Report
-OF-
Public Administrator
To the Honoiablo i«. C. Hust, Judge
ot the superior court of Amador
county, Cnllfornln:
Tbe uudetsigned, the I'ubllo Admiu-
Istrator of /Muador county, pursuant
to tbo provisions ot Hection 17M of
the Code ot Civil Procedure of tbe
Htate of California, horeby makes to
the superior court of Ainndor county,
under oath, a return of nil the estates
of decedents which have come into
his hands up to January Ist, 1908,
the valuo ot oaoh estate, according to
tbo inventory aud appraisement thore-
ot, tbo monoy which bns come into
his bauds from every snoh estato and
what ho has dono with it. nnd the
amount of his fees and expenses In-
curred iu each estate, and tbe bal-
anco, If any. in each such estate re-
maiuing in his hands.
 t , U. JE. POTTKK.
Name ot deceased Mnry Thomson
Appraised valuo of estate 8950.05
Cash received 593.05
Expenses of administration, ,
debts, and funeral expenses 22*2.90
Mai anco on hand 370.15
This estato ia still in progress of
administration aud there nre further
claims and expenses of administration
to be paid.
State of Callfprnia
County of Amador, :8S
H. E. .rotter, the Public Adminis-
trator of Amador county, after being
duly sworn, deposes and saya:
I was during all the times* mention-
ed in the foregoing statement, the
duly elected, qualified and acting
public administrator of Amador
county; 1 have read the foregoing
return made on tbis day by me, to
the superior court of Amador connty,
and know the contents thereof, and say
upon my oath, that the same is true
to the best of my knowledge, in-
formation and belief.
H. K FOTTKK.
Subscribed and sworn to before mo
this sth day of March, JDOB
(Seal) Jobn Wower,
Notary Public In and lor Amador
county, California.
Notice for Publication. 295
. Department of the Interior, Lana
Ofilce at Haoraniento. Calif. Mar. 13,
ivvOi
Notice is hereby given that James
M. fatowe, of Defouder, Calif., has
filed ndtice of his Intention to make
Huai rive year proof in support of his
olaim, viz: Homestead Entry No
Y*2s made Sept. 19, 1902, for the K y,
of N E'4, sec. 11, and W % of N W M
section 12, township 7 N, "range 13 K
M. D. M., and that said proof will
be made beforo the U. S. Corumia-
eicner for Amador county, California,
at nis otiloe in Jackson, California,
on Monday. April 20, 1908.
He names the tallowing witnesses
to prove his continuous residence up-
on, and cultivation of, the land, viz-
W. W. Hoss, Henry Chapman, A.
M. Simpson and VV. C. Woss all of
Defender, Calif.
JOHN I'. AKMSTKONG,
Mar. i!0 Register.
Notice for Publication. 296
Department of tho Interior, Land
OtHce at Saommento, Calif., Mar. 13,
Notice is hereby given that Walter
A. Hale, of Voloauo, Calif., has Hied
notice of his intention to make Una!
five jear proof iu support of his
claim, viz: Homestead Entry No.
7077 made May 8, 1901, for tbe Ni4
of S K}4, S W }4 of S K hi and S E M
ot S W >4, section 7, township 7 N.,
range 12 Hi.", M. D. M., aud that said
proot will be made bofore the U. S.
Commissioner lor Amador county,
California at his ofHce iu Jackson, 1
Calit., on Monday, April 20, 1908.
He names the following witnessen
to prove his continuous residence
upon, and cultivation of, the land,
viz:
A. b. MoLnnghlin, Geo. W. Smith
and Samuel C. Stowers of Volcano,
Calif., aud T. C. Stowers of (Jelta,
Calif.
JOHN F. AKMSTKONU,
M"r- 20 Kegister.
Notice to Creditors.
Estate of U. Martiuetti, deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the under-
sigued administrator of the estate of
D. Murtini'tti, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having
claims against tho said deceased, to
exhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers, within lour months after
the first publication of this notice-to
tbe said administrator, at the law
ottJce ot Win. J, MctJee, Court street,
.lacksou, the same boing tbe place for
tho transaction of. the business |of
s-.iid uMliit'o, in euid county of Amador.
Dated, March 10, 1908.
H. I<J. POTTfiK.
Administrator of the estate of D.
Maitiuetti, deceased.
Wm. J. Mc(joo,
Attorney for administrator.
mar. 20-5t
Notice to Creditors,
Estate of Tody ihizolich deoeased.
Notice is hereby given by tbe
undersigned administrator ot tbe
estate of Tody Ituzoliob, deceased, to
tbe creditors of aud all persons hav-
ing claims against the said deceased,
to exhibit them with tho necessary
vouchers within four mouths after
the first publication of thin notice to
the said admluiutrator at the law
otlice of Wm. J. MoUeo, Court street,
Jackson, Cal., the kiiiiid being the
place for tho transaction of the busi-
ness of said estato iu waul Amador
county.
Dated March 21, 1908.
H. E. I'OTTEH,
Administrator of the estate of Tedy
ikr/olich, deceased.
Win. J. Mc(iee, nttoruey for aduiiu-
iatrator. mar, 27-0t