OLDEST PAPER
LAJIOEST CIRCULATION
It PayMlift Business Man to Adver
tise in the Ledgor.
Established October 27, 1855.
■
rrji. <». snydkii,
\ t tornoy-ii t-I.n w,
JACKSON, CAL.
Offleo In MuroHa tluiUllng, Court dtroot.
'ill prsvcttco In nil tho courtsof tho ttate, fo
DOCTORS.
71 K. KXniCOTT, M, ».
11.
riiynlrl.-m :tml .Surgeon
II .tacksdn, Cal,
Imco: Webb building. All ciills promptly
H uttondod to nt all times,
Ink 11. FUR I) P. SPKAOUE
Hj I'lij-Kli-imi iiml Surs<"»'
S JACKSON, CAL.
BtricG — Noxt door to resliloucc. north Main
I street, opposite California hotel.
■ . Telephone Main 3.
|\K. A. M. OALL
B lMiyslclitn ami Surgeon
■'' Jackson, Cal
■ C<mce In Marolln building, Main Street.
W-i 11. UtIIBONH M. I>.
I"■ ■ . I'liyHlcliin iiml Surgoon
B Jackson*, Cal.
)fflco nnd residence: Well building.
OmcK Houes:— 3 to 4 p. m. and whenovor
ot otherwise ongagel. Telepnono Main SO.
p S. GOODMAN . M. 1).
riij-Hlclaii iiml Surgeon
Sutter Ceeek, Cal.
rvit. i.. u. 'lynch
Physician and Snrgeon
■•'•' • ■ '- ' ■ '. ■■ -W-.
PI Office. MnlnSff ', l
liesldenoe, Matu 27
-  ■ \ .i. i
Amador City, C'ali"
.;.. PENTISTS. ,■
J. D. POOAKTY ' 1.. MARTIN •
TVIIS. FOQABY & MARTIN,
(Suecossora to Dr. C. A. Herrlck)
IDontUtß,
JACKSON, CAL.
Ofllccs In Kay Building, Main street. -
Hours 9to 5. Telephone niuck 363
T\lt. JOHN A. DBLUCCHI
DENTIST-
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office Houbs:— From 0 a. m. to 5 p. m.
T)ICIIAKI> WfiHU
United States Commissioner
JACKSON CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other tilings;
!:il;!>hj of tlnul proofs aud all other Land
Business.
1 Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
The A. Van derNailen School
Of Civil, Electrical Mining Engineering, etc,
ESTABLISHED 1804.
Occupying their own large building, Avork-
sliop und luborutui'ies.
Greiit demand for ex-students In all linos.
l-)e:v students should enroll at once.
TELEGRAPH AND 51st,
OAKLAND, CAL. inyis
Send for C»tuloi;uo.
L. UKTTINGEH S. N. KNIOUT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutter Creek, Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and must approved patterns, and
ull Uluds of Hhuet Iron pipe. Every description
of minim; and mMUm; muchiaury mudo ut tho
shortoKl uotice. Wo doulre to call tho uttention
of hhiuksiiaths und other workers In I run to tbe
fart thut we keep coriHtaotly on hand u large
attd complete stock of bur, rotlned und Norway
1-oH, i;iis pipe, KaK llttlntrs, etc. which we will
Hell ut tbo LOWEST CASH PRICES.
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, JucUson
JJeulor in —
* AftERICAN MICHES, CLOCKS JEWELRY
AND SILVEP.WARB
*i All goods warranted as represented
ltepalring of watches, dock! and jewelry a
ipe (Malty,
Amador Ledger.
JACKSON. AMADOU COUNTY. CALIFORNIA. ITRTDAY. AVUI L 17. VMS.
After Amador Miners.
.We Imvn beou handorl the inllir.viiiK
article from the Miners MnguziMe,
the olllolnl orgau of Mm Western
Federation of Minors, of March VI.
It is. a portion ot a cominmiiniciition
written by Kobert Handell, an ngont
of the I'Vdtmil.ioti, who la employed
In viaiting the vnrloua looala of
California. I'liu writer waa in Jncit-
Bon a few weokaugo, and 1 1 in atrtotures
nro baaed upon tho conditlou of
alt'alra which he found existing in
union circles boro. We do not be
lieve tho inlnora of Aruador county
are different from the miners in any
other camp. It probably la \ true,
that the mem bora Ing behind in their
duos, and manifest an interest la
being reinstated on tho eve ot de
parture from this county. l!ut, that
is merely Haying that tbey are govern
ed by self-lutereat, which is the great
controling force everywheie. They
will join a <>nion when it is clear that
they will be beneiitted by so doing,
tbey will become iudilfunmt when
ever tbey realize that it matters little
whether tbey belong or not. The
traveling delegate talks aa ho does
from self-interest. The miners of
Amador county are not deserving of
this abuse:
The article so far as it concerns
Amador county reads as follows:
"And whilo 1 am at it, Mr Editor, 1
desire to say a few words about some
alleged union men tbat are being
freshly hatched in Amador cotinty,
California— the "land of sunshine
and flowers, pretty girls and long
hours," if 1 may be allowed to drop
iuto a poetical mood.
The Western Federation of Minors
has reduced from one to three hours
tbe dally labor of every minor iv tho
state of California, yet it ia n re
grettable fact tbat most of the minors
in this county begrudge paying duos
to maintain the organization that
has been of such signal benefit to
them, i
The only timo many of the , minors
in Amador county take ■ any iutorost
in tbe organization in a few days ' be
fore they leave for a union camp.
They huve lived here for years, 'but
have never seen and realized tbe
necessity of joining a labor organi
zation to better their oouditious.
They say that labor organizations are
no good, tbat one is not needed hero,
as tho boases are good feliowH.
When they become tired ot working
in Amador county nine hours for
82.25, 82.50, 82.75 and S3, if they are
lucky, they look for some new place
whoro condition aro better, and they
invariably bunt up the organized
camps.
They seek tho organized camps bo
cause tbey know that thn hours and
wages are bettor than in tbo unorgan
ized camps. Tho liars who will tell
you that tho W. I"', of M. is no good,
tbat labor organizations do not better
conditions, to prove tbomselvus liars
will always go to organizod camps
like lititto, Tonopan or iijair to take
advantage ot conditions othnr men
have fought for, struggled tor, and
by self-shcrifico established and main
tained.
100 cowardly, craven and servile to
light to hotter their own conditions,
they wait until other men have made
conditions good and then rush to lako
advantage of those conditions.
And they get a card betoro loaviug.
A card gouoially with ouo lonesome
stamp upon it. Aud away they hike,
thinking that, tbo littlo book with
the one lonesome stamp upon it
makes them goud union men, and
expect real union men in other
caiups to extoud to them the glad
"mitt."
Mo great mistake- will bo nindo by
putting down men from Amador
county, California, with one stamps
upon their cards, aa lying hypocrites
and a detriment to tho unfortunate
local that acuopts their carda.
,* Jiowaro of the man from Amador
county with ouo stamp upon his job
card, and an overwhelming degll'Q to
let overyouo known what a good
union man ho is — he is a fraud, a
take, aud a snakn in tho grass. "
KOIiEUT KANDKLU
Jaoksou, California, March 18, lUOH.
President Itoosevelt Says
that outdoor exorcise is noeded by tho
American people. That's all vory
well, but how can people with rtimi
matiHin follow that adviao? Tho
answer is g] tuple— use tfallard'g Snow
Liniment aud the lheuinutism will
go; leaving you us .spry as a colt.
CilvoH (illicit aud norniauent vu\M
from rheumatism, neuralgia, lame
back aud ail pains. Hold by Guilder's
City I'barmacy.
llecelpt hooks, location blanks, deeds
mortgages, promissory notes, etc.,
for sale; also milling ultfuals on
cloth, graduation diplomas, at the
Ledgor offco. _^^_
Ledger |& Chicago Inter-Ocoan, $2.50
Saloons Closed Election Day.
All million* in Jackson were closed
ilurinn tho hours of keeping open the
polls last Monday— that Is trom 0 in
the morning until (i in tho civemng.
'J'h la in tbo first 1 1 tn o that surh a
closing lun boon known, It ia re
ported tbat Houia of the milnoii men
wero nbtillod that they would be re
quired to close, but not nil. Uf
course, persona are anppoeod to know
tho law; ignorauco is no excuse. Hut
asniuch as notifications wore given, it
would have beon nothing more than
right Unit all should' have been
notified. To make exceptions did
not look woll. The closing nf the
saloons ' was in accordance with a
section of the codes approved March
21, lUOS, which went into oil ret sixty
days after approval. It was in force
at tbe time of the last lnuniaipal
election, and also the gonoral elec
tion, but was not ouforced. It reads
as follows:
Kvery person keeping a public
bouse, saloon, or drinking place,
whether licensed or unlicensed, who
selln, gives away, or iurnitihes spirit
oiis or malt liquors, wiiw, or any
other intoxicant, on any part of any
day set apart for any geueiai or
special election,, in auy election ' dia-.
trict or preoinct in. auy couuty of the
state where an election is iv progress,
during tbo boui'B whon by law tbe
polls are required to be Kept open, is
guilty of a misdemeanor. (New sec
tion approved March 21, 1005 \ in effect
in sixty days.)
No Railroad Extension at Present.
We learn from those who are on the
inside, tbat there is no immediate
prospect of the extension of tbe I.
arid E. railroad to the timber
The talk tbat whs indulged iv at ono
time on this proposition baa sub
sided. Probably the changed tone is
due in a measure at least to the
liuaucial stringency. Il is very bard
to finance any railroad scheme just
now. Those behind tbe movement are
just aa confident as ever tbat the ex
tension 'would prove a profitable
undertaking, but condition:* aro at
present unfavorable to push such a
scboiue.
Mining Students.
The senior students of mining from
the university of California arrived
iv Jaeksou'Saturdar, on their annual
geological trip. Thoy consisted of
25 students under the direction of
Professor Lawsou. They visited the
mother lodo region from Jamestown
to Jackson, aud took in Uoppcropolis.
it is titt id tbey trampnd 75 miles dur
ing tbo tour. Jackson was tho end of
their mining trip and they departed
early this week to return to the uni
voisity. Another party of tho same
number visited the tninoa of Nevada
City nnd (Jraas V»lley. These trips
iiro taken to give tho students a
practical knowledge of mines and
geology.
Gravel on Main Street.
The city authorities have uomplotud
BpreH(liug a (Minting of rook and
uruvel over Main stroet clear I'iom tbo
nnitli fork bridge to tbo National
hotel. The north portion ot this
btretob fins boon done with rock from
the Kouueily dump. For n couple of
hundred foet from the National hotel
tho uititorinl used ia v course gravol
from beyond Jackson (into. Thin
treatment of tho business Btroot lias
givon birth to a lot of coimnout. Ut
course, tho tlioory of tho road makers
is that.it will puck hard,, and form a
solid ooHtiuu, which will etuud the
heaviest tralilc. On tho other band
many beliovo thut it will bo of littlo
use; that it will quickly griud up
into mud or dust, and especially the
etoop tfradn in front ot Iho National
hotel. Timo nloue will .solvu tho
problem.
Died from Tvohold Fever.
Sitno (Jhomioh, who had boon blok
tor a number of days with it vory
iii(,;h fever, diod Monday at the board
ing bouso of Nluk (iluviulcb on upi 1 " 1 "
Main street. Dr. Kudiuutt hud
Charge of the oase mid hud civeti the
IHitiont some oulomel with the 'iv-
Htruotiouß that tho siok ouo nhould
bo giveu notliiu;: luiutuiii'iin aeidts.
Wtiun ho returned tho n«\t day hu
found that soiiih ftiond had given the
puMeut half 1111 onuuju and a k'"^- 1 of
lemouade. Dr. tiprague wui nulled
in and a iiih'hii plaood in r.luitni«, but
it was too lato. Tha funoral whs hold
Wednesday afternuou uudor tho
uuHpioes of tho Borviuu Kooioty.
OAS'i-'OniA.
Beaiu tho A nl ' jjjjj Alw:lvs 83"2*B 3 "2*
4 <~&aSj^&tcZ&4
Ledger & Chicago Intor-Oceun, $2.50
Wo nro now. equipped with a full lino of Spring and Summer Goods, tho finest in
stylus, host in quality, nnd loweHt in price. Quality, h stylo, comfort nnd economy is
Jwlmt everyone is looking for when purchasing goods, and these wo have well suc-
booded in obtaining for our trade this season. Our lino of goods is now on display
ready for inspection. We will bo well pleased to show you our goods. Call in and
SCO US.
Our incomparable line of SHOES, SHOES. Dry Goods.
ML-wc+c T-,. i , t Our line of Dry Coods,
. waists. ])kI yOUy 0U O vcr stop and . .
c . . . ' consisting of plain and
Kircs « think where all other folks , , t. „.
fancy Lawns, Dress Ging-
Gowns. aro getting, their good- hamS) chambrays, Deme-
Corset Covers, f wearing and up-to-date ties, Pongees and Linens,
etc., are now on display, Shocs— arG superior to any popu-
tho most fascinating gar- The Red Front lar priced goods you have
ments ovcr before shown Cari ' ics thcm in stock - A CVGr bcforo SGCn in Jack -
T : , , full, completo lino for son.
in Jackson; real good n . ;. .
men, women and children. . . Fmhroidpr ip S
value that can't be beaten. Ask for Wcbstcr Sch ool CeS ™* I™™**™*-
— Wo carry a large assort-
a n * tH Shocs for boys nd girlSt ment of Laces and Em-
A swell assortment of TIT . , , mLni : 0I <"«a j^"
We mako a specialty of broideries o£ fine designs,
Ladies* Undervests, handling the best in work- a very good selection at
At popular prices. ing Shoes. rock bottom prices.
THE RED FRONT
JACKSON.
The House with Reputation for Square Dealing.
About the School Census.
Superintendent Ureenhalgh has sent
the following notice to all school
cor'"iH maishQls throughout the
county, touching an hitherto debate
able point whether certain children
located beyond tbe county should be
listed in the census:
Ofliuu of Superintendent of Scboola,
Amudor Couuty,
Jackson, Ual., April 10, 1908.
To tbe Census Marshals.
Ladies and Gentlemen : As many
questions have been asked relative
to taking the census, the most vital
one haa boon aubmitted to the State
Superintendent, and for tbe benefit of
the schools, I am sending it out.
The quostion raised is whether the
fact of a patent's residonco within a
school district, gives to tbe Census
Marshal tho right to include in tbo
school consus tbe children of such
parent who may be living in a foreign
land, or any other place outside of
tho district.
Tho Superintendent's answer is as
follows :
"The residence of tho parent is the
resideuoe of the minor children, if
tho parents of a child have thoir
homo in one of your districts, and
reside there, 1 think thoir children
should bo listed in the census of that
district! even though such cbildrou
iiuiy be in Europe, or any other
place."
KeapecUully submitted,
W. 11. GKKWNHALUH.
Superintendent of Schools.
Mokelumne Survey Done.
Tho stato's aurvoy of tbo upper
Mokeluinpo river hud been completed
ami tho work ot dredgiug tho channel
and making cut-offs to straighten tho
course uf tbe stroatu will probably bo
commenced very shortly.
Homo time ago the property owners
along tbo Mokoluinne potitionod state
engineer Ellery to make a suivey of
tin) upper portions of tho waterway,
promising that thoy would subscribe
tho funds uocossary to dig out tho
channel iv the ovent that the survey
was made. '1 hat section ot the Moke
lumne oq which tho proposed iui
prnvomeuts aro to be made was onco
navigable, but it has lillod up with
sediment. The state will luter be
askod to help mako cut-oil's.— Sao.
800.
Victims of Ptomaine Poisoning.
lioorge W, Luoot and wife, and
Mins McLaughliu, nistor ot the Utter,
wore victims of ptomaine poisoning
as tho result of eating salad Htitui
day evening uiado from ouunod
shrimps. After partaking of tho
salad thoy ' experienced peculiar
pains, kii Dr. (Jail was called in, aud
lie pronounced it v oaao of poisoning.
Uy taking it in the t<arly stageM they
wore euvtd l'roin auy serious renal tu.
MINING NOTES.
Hazard.— This mine is situated be
tween the Bunker Hill and the Fre
mont, both of which claims have
been on a dividend paying business.
For over a year its development has
been in progress under the manago
inent of L. K. Poundstone. The pro
porty belongs to tho >Jayward and
llobart estate. Tbe devolobpmeuta
so far have been very encouraging,
aud there is every confidence ex
pressed by those concerned that the
operations will result in the opening
up of another paying property in this
soction of tbe main belt.
Kennedy.— At this mine tbey are
actively preparing for the erection ot
the new cemont ollico building near
tho oast shaft. Tho gravel is being
hauled onto the ground, a carload of
cement is en route, and tho lumber
for the cribbing has been purchased.
The actual work of Jbuilding will be
commenced in a lew days. The
underground developments in face of
this permanent improvement, may be
taken as very flattering. The drift in
tho lowest level now in process of de
velopment below 300U feet, is being
pushed ahead as rapidly as possible.
It baa not reached tho lodge yet, and
is not oxpected to tap it until some
thing like 200 feet more has been
driven.
The new tailing plant at the Zeila—
tho merry-go-rouud, as it is popular
ly called, is pronounced after a full
mouths' oxporionoe, to be a decided
improvement over tho old canvas
plant. It saves more sulphurets aud
with less cost of labor, than the sys
torn discarded. Mr Carloy, one of
tho proprietors, informs us tbat it
requires only ono man to attend to
it. At Orst each man worked twelve
hours, requiring only two men; but
this was too much not on account of!
tho hard work, but tbo long hours;
so three mou working eight hour
shifts are employed, and with this
arraugmout tho wage saving is equal
to 875 per mouth. Hesidos this tho
amount of sulphurets cleaned up by
tho new process is materially iucreas
ed. The iuventiou seems to be one of
decidod merit, aud should net those
holding the pateut a handsome sum
when its merits become widely
known.
A Knocker
is a man who can't soo good in auv
porson or thing. It's a habit caused
by a disordered lifer. If you ilud
that you aro beginning to hoo things
through liluo ipeotQ'Jlei, ticut your
liver to a good cloauing out process
with Mallard's llorbino. A sure euro
for constipation, dyspepsia, indiges
tion, sick houdacho, blliouiuofis, all
liver, titiiniuch and bowel troubles.
Hold by Huhsor'a City I'harmaoy.
O J.\. ES I? OTL X J&. .
Dotw tbo //^ m Vou llavß AlAays BoU£hl
You can j?ot your Billheads,
Letter I Trad s, etr., printed at
ilm Ijocl^pp for l<!ss than you
can buy blank stock for else
where.
TRY IT.
Five Cent 3 Per Copy.
Hotel Arrivals
National.— Thursday. Mrs Chaa
Hirkiu, Volcano; C 10 McLaughhn,
Shu Francisco; 11 15 Shannon, Sacra
mento; X C liradloy, Los Angeles; X
Mogolinsky, Stockton.
Friday-ii Weaver, Alameda; U V
Morris, Fresno; Jj IS Holmes, San
Francisco; M Patersou, Tonopab.
Saturday— J S Young, San Fran
cisco, John J Conneli, Carl Whit
more, KS iioaleck,. John Tyssowski,
Win Hollister, "D "J Smith, J W
Atkins, X A Snell, H W Flnkham,
Q L Small, <J X White, Jack JKggers,
11 II Mayer, O Klans, C Krenz, B F
Van Wagner, H Fellow, K M Lonaine,
N C Clackwaste, Andrew C Cawson,
Berkeley; F Vircia, II L Cummings,
Electra.
Sunday— A l Davis, W A Gates, Chas
X Hall, San Francisco; W H Dixon,
11 Schrader, Cosumnes; CJ Koss, M
Suablo, Plymouth.
Monday— Mrs llamrick, I'earl Ham
rick, Kitcbey; Mrs Kremmel, Marteli;
X M Blair, T H Hae, Stockton; C C
Prouty, lone; lienj Meiss, Carbon
dale; O (.! Zemple, H Urumau, San
Francisco; Geo O Hunt, Oakland;
Jesso Deueud, Volcano; A O Greeu,
Alaraeda; FG Butterworth, StPaul;
G \V Mayhew, Shingle Springs; Geo
lionnofoy, Latrobe.
Tuesday— ll Al Lynn, Saoramento
W 11 Underwood, O C Caldeu, M
Greouberg, San Fiaucisco; Geo U
Hunt. W M Hill, Oakland.
Woduesday— ll Silberstoin, A F
Servell, Sau Francisco; Andrew How.
orton, Volcano; M Fuller, Oakland.
Globe.— Thursday Ikey ldlestini,
Chicago.
Friday-Miss X Trouotte; Mrs Chas
Coiiu, Campo Beoo; Mrs A P Clark,
Electra; Henry W Arnold, Sacra
mento; FA Orr, Plymouth.
Satin day— Fuyetto Mace, lone; P A
Horton, M Carmichael. liuoua Vista;
Misa M A Hooker, Slabtowu; Jos
Klimek, Electra; U W Cook, Sacra
mento; E C Leonard, Volcauo.
Sunday— E Mauniug, Sactamouto;
E Hudson, Stockton; Miss Delahide,
Electra; S Hintou and wife.
Monday— C C Prouty, lone; F C
liamert, E T Hamert, Wallace; I
NVhaley, San Francisco; Miss M R
Flemiug, NY Kanch; F A Heusloy,
Alox Moran, lOleutra; i'cail liamrick,
Mrs Elredgo, Jaoksou valley.;
Tuesday— M Patterson, Touopah; M
J Dully, Sau I'iaiicioso; Mrs C Me-
Kouney Middle, Bar; (Jeo C. Tryou,
Sacramento.
Wednesday— Li F Hay, L X Farren,
San Fiaucisco; J S Canoy, Sacra
monto; A C (ireon, Alameda; X 11
lirauch, Angels Camp.
Accidents will happen, but tha best
regulated families koup Dr. i'homas'
KcU'ctrlo Oil for BUub mnerguueied.
t miliiluks Hid pain aud heals the
hnrtii
I'IONKKH Flouk always has been
and still is tae best.2
AMADDR LEDGER
Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WKDH Editor and Proprietor
M. Pi CALKINS Business Manager
SUBSCRIPTION PATHS!
One your (In advance $2 flu
One year (If not In advance) 3 Mi
Blx month* l m
Throe month* ; 0 50'
One or more copies, each 0 5
Legal Rdrortlßlng — per nqunreof 234 ems— Klrst tnncrtton tl.oo
Rubiequent Insertions— pc .• siitinre-eitch 50
'
CN7RRBD AT Tllß POSTUmCE AT JACKSON AS SECOND-CLASS MATTKH.
THTC P A PT3P I 8 k8 P t on nle »' R - c - DAKE'S Advertising Agonoy, 77H Market street
inij rill El\ 8 0ti Francisco, California, where contracts for advertising can be mndo
for It
CITY OFFICIAL PAPER.
7RIDAY APRIL 17, 1008
IMMUNITY FOR STATE EVIDENCE.
Harry Orchard, the confessed instrument in the murder
, of ex-governor Stuuenberg of Idaho, is under sentence of
death for that crime on his own plea of guilty. He stoutly
refuses to ask for a commutation of his sentence. In this as
pect of the case the question is being debated whether his life
should be forfeited. He gave a straitforward story of his
many crimes as the avenging spirit of the western federation
at the trials of Haywood and Moyer as the star witness of the
prosecution to connect those officials with the assassination
conspiracy. While his testimony was to the point, and left
the impress of truth, it was not sufficiently corroborated by
other witnesses to warrant a jury in bringing in a verdict of
guilty. Shall the man who revealed the hideous tale — cold
blooded villain as he unquestionably is — surrender his life
as the only victim of offended law. It would suit the views
of many if such were the outcome. They argue that if Or
chard's story is true, he ought to die as a murderer; if his
story is not true, he richly deserves death for trying to
swear away the lives of others. We cannot accept this doc
trine in its entirety. The Orchard case has brought into
strong relief the necessity of a general law governing the
testimony of accomplices. It is repugnant to one's sense
of right that after accepting the evidence of an accomplice in
the effort to convict the arch plotters of a great crime — in
most cases ineffectually — to turn round and punish the man
who assisted the prosecution with the material testimony. In
some countries the evidence of an accomplice against his
partners is always on the understanding that the witness for
the prosecution shall be exempt from punishment. It is the
invariable rule, regardless of how the trials of the other
offenders might turn out. This obviates the perplexing sit
uation that frequently arise here, where no settled principle
prevails. Orchard had made a business of murder; on
general principles he is deserving of capital punishment; as
a matter of fact, he asks for no clemency. Still to exact his
life would seem more like vengeance than justice, and
would weaken rather than deepen the respect for law. The
case of Ruef is another example. Here a written contract of
immunity was entered into with the muchly-indicted defen
dant in consideration of testimony to be given agaiust the
"higher-ups." He was really the "highest-up" of the boodl
ing gang, and the proffer of immunity to him and his super
visor tools was a misfit of the rankest kind. But having
pledged the honor of the people in this way, the contract
should be sacredly carried out. It is not for officials to lower
the dignity by chicanery and double-dealing. Maybe the
fast-and-loose methods in the graft cases will lead to placing
the immunity business in relation to accomplices on a more
satisfactory basis.
Efforts to force the nomination of Roosevelt have not been
abandoned, notwithstanding his repeated declaration that un
der no circumstances would he consent to be a candidate for
reelection. The language is broad enough to cover any
possible contingency, even to the stampeding of the conven
tion to him in the event of a deadlock among the other candi
dates. Some politician begin to think this is preferable to
the nomination of Taft by the sheer strength of the adminis
tion cohorts. Personally Taft is fitted in every way for presi
dent. A feeling is abroad among the stalwarts of the
party that his strength before the convention might prove
his weakness before the people. We take no stock in the
cry that is being industriously circulated that California re
publicans are almost a unit for the nomination of Taft. Nor
do we believe that they favor the forcing of Roosevelt upon
the convention, either in accordance with or agaiust his
wishes. There is more friction in the party ranks at present
than there has been on the threshold of a presidential cam
paign for many years. The country is in a disturbed con
dition, financially, industrially and politically. A candidate
is wanted just now who will allay the party strife, and secure
the uuited, harmonious and whole-souled support of all true
republicans.
Mariposa county is advertising for proposals for the posi
tions of physician and superintendent of the county hospital.
This looks like an effort to place the care of the indigent
sick on the lowest bid system. This method was discarded
in Amador county years ago as an invitation to inefficiency.
r,i.
AMADOU LEDGKKx fACKSOB, UATjTFOBNIA,
Tho Kind You Havo Always Bought, and which has been
In uso for over 30 years, has homo tho signature of
. — and has been tnado under his per-
z ~ Sonal supervision sinco its infancy.
+-/tac7% /"GUc/uAZ Allow no ono to deceive you in this.
All Counterfeits, Imitations and " Just-as-good" aro but
Experiments that triflo with and endanger tho health of
Infants and Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotla
tttibstancc. Its ago is its guarantee. It destroys "Worms
and allays Fcvcrishncss. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Toothing Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates tho Food, regulates tho
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
Tho Children's Panacea— Tho Mother's Friend.
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
jj Bears the Signature of
The Kind You Haye Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THC ctmiun oompamv, tt mummy .thht, new vokk citv.
SUNSET EXPRESS
Fast Flying
Sea to Sea
Drawing Room Sleepers, unsurpassed Dining Car
service, Observation Parlor. Library, Cafe, open air,
Rotunda, oil burning Locomotives.
Personally conducted excursions via New Orleans
in modern tourist cars to Chicago, Cincinniti, Wash-
ington and St. Louis.
Great winter route through tho land of the cotton
and tho corn and the great cities of the New South-
For further information write to or call upon the
nearest a^ent of theg|g3iBss
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
3 61N0CCHI0 BRO'S.i
ww — ~^~-. DEALERB IN '%' fat
I General Merchandise I
*"■s<&* Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoos, gg
% ig|g Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining H
If / ' 1 Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, p
aa Grain, etc., etc. M
1 Corner Main and Water St. ||
I JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA I
MAKE BELIEVE GIFTS.
A Curious Custom at the Courts oJ
East Indian Princes.
There la a curious eualoin nt the
courts of the Indlnn princes. When n
Hrltisli officer or n physician calls
upon n rajah he Is shown Into the re
ception or throne room, where sits the
rnjatl, surrounded by the grout state
ofllcers. After the exchange or thu
tisunl salutations one of the officers
brings In a tray On" wlilch are display
ed Jewels and golden ornaments stud
ded with valuable stones, perhaps
worth £GO,OOO or more. The trnyful of
valuables is supposed to be a present
from the rajah to bis visitor, and It la'
offered first to tho gciitlemun. who. In
clining his head, touches the edge of
the trny with the tips of his fingers,
and it Is then passed over to the Indy.
who --Invariably accompanies the Brit
ish oineer. if he Is married. Oil such oc
casions. She follows the example of
her husband, and the tray" and Its con
tents are then returned to tho Jewel
room. In lieu of the unaccepted jewels
a long necklace of tinsel, of little value,
la placed around the neck of each,
where it remains during their stay
within the palace. There is a very
strict law against any British officer
accepting a gift from a native prince.
Even when a doctor may have per
formed Homo serious operation upon n
rajiih, who, being grateful, wishes to
give — exclusive of a money fee, vnry-
Ing from £200 to £1,000, nccordlng to
the operation performed— a present of
n shawl, golden cup or some similar
valunble, tho doctor must obtain spe
cial permission from the viceroy before
he dare accept the present. If any
officer accepts a gift of any value with
out such permission ho may have to
resign. This rule, was made because tv
the old days, when the East India com
pany governed India, an officer's pick
ings and tho presents often extorted
from tho rajahs were worth much
more to him than his salary.— London
Tlt-Blts.
THE LAST MAN SHAVED.
An Explanation by the Barber That
Did Not Quiet His Nerves.
There were five of us hunting and
fishing In the Queensland bush when
one rainy day a stranger appeared. lie
said he was a tramp barber, and as
none of us had been shaved for a fort
night we gave him half a day's work.
About four hours after he had left
us a band of six men rode up. and the
leader inquired If we had seen a tall,
roughly dressed man pass that way.
We told him of the barber, and he
looked from man to man and ex
claimed:
"Good gracious, but you are all fresh
ly shaved!"
"Yes. we gave the barber a job."
"And he shaved each one of you V
"He did and did It well."
"Boys, do you hear that?" shouted
the man as he turned to his compan
ions.
"What of it?" asked one of our party.
"Why. he went insane yesterday and
cut n man's throat in his barber's
chair over at Unadllla. and we're after
him to put him in an asylum."
The 3' rode away at a gallop and nest
morning returned to our camp with the
man. who had been captured after a
hard fight and was tied ou his horse.
He seemed to remember us wheu he
w:is given a drink of water, and as he
banded tin? cup back he quietly ob
served :
"1 say. gentlemen, please excuse me.
I ine.-.rit to (inish oil' the last man wbc
got shaved, but I got to thinking of
something etee, and It slipped my
mind."— Cape Times.
Beacon Fires In China.
In China sueu beacon llrcs as spread
the alarm of the Spanish armnda
through England used to be the cull
to war. Many years ago. the story
goes, the emperor sat with a beautlfu!
woman looking toward the beacon
hills. She would like to see those wait
lug piles lighted, and upon her Insist
ence tho thing was done. The greatest
excitement prevailed throughout the
provinces, and troops came hurrying
in from all sides. When the leaders
learned that no danger menaced, that
the iires were lighted to satisfy the
whim of a woman, their wrath fed on
their lost confidence, and with the ac
tual call to arms the response was slow
and unenthuslastlc. It was a repetition
of the old story In Webster's spelling
book. "Wolf" had been cried too often.
Antiquity of the Mortgage.
The legal document known as a mort
gage cau be traced as far back as the
dawn of authentic hlst^ The mort
gage comes directly du7*\ to us from
the Itonmns. but its antiquity Ih much
more remote than the Hoinan nation.
The Greeks. Carthaginians, l'erslans.
Egyptians. Habylonlans. all knew of
the mortgage and dally used It In their
business transactions. It Is safe to
say that the custom of giving mort
gages Is practically as old as settled
human society.— New York American.
Mora Than Luck.
"Do yoii believe In special provi
dence?"
"Sure! When I was a boy tho schooi
I attended was struck by lightning one
night and burned."
"Nothing special about that."
"Oh. but It was just the night before
the circus came to town!"— Philade
lphia Ledger.
Filial Obodienco.
"Harold." she murmured In his e>:«.r.
"mamma says I mustn't encourage yovi
to come here so often, and I have
to (!,(> us Kho tells* me, of course, but
you don't need any encouragement — do
you, deur?"
How poor are they that have no p«*
tleute. -~Bhakeepeare.
W. B, riIILLIPS
(finccessor to William Scoq.c)
UNDERTAKER & EMBALMER
PLYMOUTH,' CAT..
Calls promptly ftltpnrtrd to day ornlght.
Fren imoof pnrior forrfunprnl*.
A lino uticl eomploN! Block of Coflinn. ploth
Hnd plnsh oovnrnd Caskctß, conßtnotly on hi»n<J
at reasonable prices. ' tea
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO., CAL.
L. Hi Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for cotntntircial
travelers.
Table supplied with beat in market.
Terms reasonable. jnel
Globe Hotel |
I ■ ' w |
y. NEW MANAGEMENT. <>
♦ ::
t MRS. ANNIE HUKST....Prop'r J;
I -****- ::
!: t
♦ Board and Lodging j;
] I AT REASONABLE RATES. | '
i> , ,
\'< Sample Rooms for Commer- ! !
o clal Travelers. S
<I ! ,
it , ,
♦ All Stages stop at this hotel. ♦
! JACKSON CAL. f
j NEW
j National * Hotel
Jackson,' Amador county, Cal. ;
!!| F. A. VOORIIEIS, Proprietor:"
{ Stage Office for all Points J
(l Lighted by electricity throughout'
ii 1 '.lomuiodioiiß Sample Rooms for,
', Commercial Travelers. aulB/'
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAIN
Plymouth, Cal,
Has on hand a full lino of Harness
and Hardcss Fixtures, Saddles,
Bridles and Robes. Busies
anc. Carriage tops made/
to order.
Also has on hand a lino of
that well known and thor-
oughly tried BAKEIt &•
HAMILTON buggies.
OFFICIAL MAP ~
—OF..
Amador County
Drawn from official records and &ur,
veys by D. C. CARLTON, showing-
township and school district bound-
aries, ownership of all lands according
to assessment roll of J 1)04, mineral
claims, canals, location of all school-,
houses; also a townsito map of prinoU
pal towns, namely Juckson, Sinter.
Creek, lone, Amador City, Drytown,
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 0 by 8f feet.
Price, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted ■ $5
Sold only at
AMADOU LEDGER OFFICE
Jackson, Cal.
CASTOFMA
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the snj? S/jSj^-JT
Signature of U^77<%^Amador County
Descriptive Article
Ammlor county comprises n.n area of
64H square miles, tt lies on tbo wes
tern slope of Sierra Nevada mountain?,
find embrnce9 within its territory all
tho diversity of valley, foothill, and
liinh mountalnoim lands.
Climate.— Tho cllmato of tho popu
lous portions of tbe county Is as genial
and healthful us can bo found anywhere
in California. As cllmato is one of tho
most valuable assets of this favored
Btato in attracting population, Amador
stands second to no county in this re
gard. It should, and no doubt will in
time, when Us climatic advantages are
more thoroughly understood and ap
preciated, bocomo a health resort not
only for thoso in loss favored states,
but for the residents of other parts of
California. Tho tompornturo alono tho
central portion rarely falls below 30
degrees abovo zero In winter, and as
rarely rises to 100 degrees in the sum
mer. Snow seldom falls In the settled
diwtrlcts, and novor remains on tho
ground for more than a few hours. Of
course, In the high mountain regions
of eastern Amador tho snowfall Is very
heavy — which is characteristic of tho
entire Siorra Nevada range. Tho sum
mer season is alway accompanied with
cool nights; permitting of sound, re
freshing slumber. Fogs are rare, cy
clones aro unknown, thunderstorms are
infroquent.
Gold Mining.— The county, although
rich in other sources of wealth, com
paratively untouched, is noted prin
cipally for her quartz mines. The
deepest gold mines in America lire lo
cated hero. The Kennedy mine is now
taking gold in liberal quantities from
quartz extracted from a depth of over
2000 feet below tho surface, with every
Indication that tho pay-ore extends to
a much greater depth. Since tho dis
covery of gold, the county has contrib
uted fully $100,000000' to the world's
supply of tho precious metal. The
mines are still yielding at the rate of
about two million dollars annually.
Nearly all of this wealth to produced by
eight or ten mines operating on what
Is called the "mother lode-, "stretching
clear across the county In a north-east
erly direction a distance of twenty
miles. The mines aggregate between
400 and 500 stamps, and furnish em
ployment for over 1000 miners. This
industry is still In Its infancy. The
unexplored territory, even along the
main gold belt, is far In excess of tho
ground that has actually been worked
or prospected. The county offers to
day ono of the most Inviting fields to
be found anywhere In the world for the
Investment of capital in the fascinating
business of gold mmmg r iiot alone along
the mother lode, but also in the almost
untouched mineralized country of the
east bolt, some ton or twelve miles from
the main lode.
Besides gold, wo have copper, de
posits of pottery, coal, marbe, slate,
liraostono, granite, and soapstone or
tale — all undeveloped.
Agricultural Capabilities.— The agri
cultural possibilities equal, if not excel,
tho mineral riches. The valley lands
will produce anything that can bo
grown in the most favored sections.
In tho foothill lands all kinds of decid
uous fruits thrive: also all kinds of
vegetable are rained where irrigation
is- practicable along the numerous water
courses. Further up In the mountains,
at :in altitude of 2000 to 2-500 feet, the
soil ia admirably adapted for apples
and potatoes. A ready market for
many, times tho quantity now raised of
these commodities cun bo found lin the
various mining towns.
Grape culture and winomaking are
becoming important industries, both
tho grapes and wine commanding a
batter price than itho product of the
lowland.
Land is cheap compared with other
California lands. Improved farms may
be secured for one-fourth the price
current In sonio places. Unimproved
lands can be had from $"> to $10 per
aero. It does not require a fortune to
buy a small ranch. There is room for
a largo addition to our agriculural pop
ulation. Vast tracts now duvoted to
cattle ranges might bo made the homes
of hundrods of prosperous farmers.
Ainudor has a population of less than
12000. Three fourths of this is concen
trated in a strip of three miles above
and below tho mineral bolt.
Juckson, tho county seat, has about
2500 inhabitants, und lsun incorporated
city ol the sixth class. Other towns
uro Butter Creek i Amador City, Dry
town, Plymouth, Volcano, Pino Grove
and Oletu. lone City ia tho metropolis
of the valley uoetion, a thriving town
of 1000 Inhabitants.
• The community U law-abiding. Edu
cational facilities are excellent. A
school house is within easy reach of
nearly every family. There Is one high
M'luiiil, locutud ut lone.
Tho ttusessinont roll for 1007 is 85.
800,703, and tho tux ruto for both state
ami county purposes 92 on tho $100.
Tho Southern I'iicillo has a branch
railroad running to lone. From this
point the lono and Hun tern railroad ex
tends 14 mill's furlher to tho mining
section.
Thu various religious denominations
and fraternal organizations aro well
represented.
Tim power plant of tho Standard
Kloctrlo Co— ono of tho lurgeit in tho
world — isloeateil four mllod from Jack
ion.
ITEMS WORTHY
OF PERUSAL
Wbeu n man rtooa hia bust, ho will
do very well.
A fortunnte man 'is one who rmiches
10 without, baring had n lawsuit.
The interest you tttke In nnotlier
imhii'h tins I tinrtH ia never protltuble.
Ajmiin never got off a joke no stale
that bo couldn't Inngh ill, it blmsulf.
No miin ih bo goorl bo doesn't Imvn
a uumber on lovejilfnlra in bis mind.
It may improve n ninn'a digostion
to Ituigb while outing, but bow lie
looks!
In those we like, tbo blush injn sign
of inuooeuoe; in thoso wo dlsliko, It
lg|a"Bign of guilt.
Jfji man ;can't bolp being a liar,
nnd;would be^orgiven, lot his lies he
cotuplimentHry ones.
A person with n naturally mean dis
position baa a great many opportuni
ties ofjahowing it oil.
I'or every quarrel a man and wilo
have before otborn, tbey bave a hun
dred wbeu tbey are alone.
They say there are all kinds of in mi
in the world. Did you ever know ot
a kind that did not talk enough?
Fool with whisky and it ia as sure to
make trouble for you as an itching
sensation is to make you scratch.
As long nsipiilmiHta oontinue^to make
a living, American pooplo should not
boast bow smart thoy are.
A fool woman cau manageji man of
sense, but no man of sense over suc
ceeded in managing a fool woman.
A banker says that a mortgage will
do more to induce a man to pay a
note promptly than friendship or
honor.
It always looks funny to see a very
unimportant man engaged in what
looks to be a most important conver
sation.
If a man quits smoking for a month
and then begins again, does it prove
that bo could quit, or that he
couldn't?
When a man becomes so good tbat
be is patient with a woman, all the
credit he gets is, people say be is
at ru id of her.
"There are two kinds of jokes that
are always funny," said a woman to
day; "those told by tbe man you
work for, and those told by tbe man
you lovo. "
Tbo unhappier a man's marriage is,
tbe more be warns other men againat
marriage; the unhappier a woman's
marriage, tbe more of a matchmaker
she becomes.
When a man dies, tbe people say:
"What will become of his poor wifeY"
But we bave noticed tbat the woman
always gets along, and tuke good care
of the children.
To a man looking back toward his
boyhood days, it seems be bad a
wonderfully good time, but ask any
boy, and be will tell you ' it isn't
an much fun as you imagine.
j\u old student of human nature
says that tbe man who carries a knife
in more dangerous than tbe man who
carries a pistol. There is said to be
more of tbo wolf in tbe man who
carries a knife.
Wbeu people go to sit up with v
corpse, tbey spend tbe that half hour
iv talking of the virtues of the dead
man; tbe rest of the night they
spend in talking of worldly subjects
of evrey kind.
In olden times tbore was one day
iv Lent nailed "Mothering day." On
that day, all sorts of celebrations
were given In honor of the motbor of
a family. It wua a pretty custom,
and it ia a pity it hns been abolished.
Broken hearts ami deaths from dis
appointments .are no longer iv style,
if a girl is disappointed, she does not
sit in a dark room and plue, or write
poetry, or sing bulluds with weeping
willows iv them; she goes to work
and forgets her troubles.
Girls nowadays seem to think tbat
v husband is more or less of a nui
sance, and something that tbey intend
to dispense with. Tbo young men
Eeem to think that a wife is an un
necessary trouble and expense. What
in the world is tbe world coming to,
anyway?
How wise married women look wben
thoy hear young girls talk about how
tbey will manage their husbands.
Yon will Uud tho same kind of v look
on the face of v scarred old vetniuu
when be bears a boy at a military
school boasting ot tbo battles he in
tends to wiu.
I'ractical jokers tweuty years ago
used to give a rocking chair or a
cradle to their young frieuds lor
weddiug presents. The gift was taken
in good part, und used before the
year was out. There would be a great
howl Iv sooiety if such a joku were
perpetrated iv these days.
This, ho far'as wo know, is the only
occasion for killing a rooster: When
he itmwH in tho front yard, it means
there iv company coming. Kvery
rooster who crows iv v tiout yard
should be killed, but dou't kill him
because he is v mule. Thut is where '
tlin injustice cornea in.
If tho appetite of a man was as great
in proportion to bia size as that of
the tpnrow, ho would eat v whole
sheep tor bis dinner.
FKIDAY, AVUIL 17, 1008.
llolinncl liiih 1(),ino wludmlllf, ench
draining on an average of :tl o acres
of land.
An Kngllsh brownry haa givnn n
contract for a million labels per 'lay
tor tho preaont year.
A motor vehicle purchased liy tho
town ot TyiH'iiimitli, England, can he
usod as ii prison van ilro oppniatua or
Tho I'okin Gazette, which bus lieeti
published for IKX) yours, ia taking on
some modern features, hhc.li hr an
mlitnrisil pngo aod half-lono pictures.
All pnpers left on the train* ot tbe
Helglau state railways are nppropritit
ed by tho government nml uro utilizod
in the manufacture of card for
tickets.
Tho ooal supply of the Philippines
hau boon found to be much larger
than wiu anticipated, and of a tini
fnrmly good character. It ia stated
that a Jurge vein crosses tbo entire
group of islands, und it has lioeu
dourly tinoed in one vicinity for
twenty-five miles.
Ate 100,000-Ye^r-Old Meat
A news telogram from at. Peters
burg, KwsHiii, of March #l says:
"The Academy ot Hcienco has <lia
pntched a well-oquippod expedition
to tbe valloy of tiuntiiuriakb, in
Northern Hibnriii, to excavate the re
mains or a mammoth which has been
discovered 200 miles from tbe vi lingo
of Kasacbia. Tho bond ana part of
the right foreleg were exposeri by tbe
action of tbe weather, and Arctio
foxes had begun to eat tbe flesh, so
water was poured over the exposed
remains to form a protective coating
of ice. Tbo remains will be trauc
ported by fifty eleigns drawn by rein
deer to tbe River Lena and tbe final
stage of tbe journey from Irkutsk to
!St. Petersburg will bo completed by
train.
"Those mammoths aro believed to
bavo lived about 100,000 years ago.
Tbe remains of tbe first one disoover
ed were in such an excellent state of
preservation that some ot the remn
ants of flesh, after being thawed,
salted and cooked, were eatou out of
curiosity by some Russian scientists. "
For Thin,
Poor Blood
You can trust a medicine
tested 60 years! Sixty years
of experience, think of that!
Experience with Ayer's Sar-
saparilla; the original Sarsa-
parilla; the Sarsaparilla the
doctors endorse for thin blood,
weak nerves, general debility.
Hut eren this crnml old medicine cannot <lo
Its best work If thy liver Is inactive mi'l the
bowels constipated. Fur tho bent iion*ll»le re-
milu, ynii almiild takn tuxailvi) >i<mca vl Ayer'a
I'ills while taking tliu Snraapurillu.
a MadebyJ.O. Ayor Co., lowell, Masa.
JfwL Also sunufaoturers of
&Jk 9 HAIR VIGOR.
/ a 1 iOTQi 0TQ AOUE CURE -
Jk JEL. <LS W 0 O . CHERRY I'IICTORAL.
Wo have no sooret* I We publlßh-
tho formulai of all our mailioines.
r\ — L^ L^^JTie^S.MAII'ISE\ST& SURE/^T^ V '\
\Mn Here are the advantages of ''^8)
m SHOPPING BY MAIL m
■^P^A WITH /*M-$
<m The D. Samuels Lace House &. M
/y// y/& i Th e Oldest Goods Firm in San Francisco ' i".|L_
ESTABLISHED OVER 55 YEARS |C5
\\ M k atur " *^ at characterize our Mail Order Department V /'W
V^\ Y are COMPLETENESS. ACCURACY and PROMPTNESS. L4j /
§3^^ All Mail Orders art filled the same day they
v.'^wis. cre received. f^^l
v^^Sj // an article is not satisfactory, return it and J^?L
\'\t •'U your money will he refunded without question. /i''//'tf
X ]> \ \ Goods ordered which we do not carry in stock will J^?J 8
|'>ljl*"^ he purchased for you hy our experienced huyers. QT jJ
•>$$£&\ We do not iuue lartfe general catalog for the reaaon that /sss)
/■?ft<f?feY eo mucn °^ our tfo°d» con«i»t of noveltiej, arriving each day and E£.J. ■■^
lw<sH ' n turn 'ucceeded by »omething newer. A/^J'u
(f%t£J However we are constantly issuing Illustrated Pamphlets — V ;-'■/. 'V
A^J^\ one has just gone to press. It cover* our various ready-to-wear \ »•)"!
/ ' /A?/ department! such as Corsets, Knit Underwear, Hosiery, Waists, \ V '•> \
ril skirt><etCi iV\.\
fij-I I Writt for a Co£y to-day lA'^
y^^rv or ma '' u * y° Ul> name so that we may forward .to you all future ''''>$y?jL
t'i^AyiA Buying Guides. f^' %^^J
Ipps- • EVERY MONDAY IS SPECIAL SALE DAY. /Mi^tf
*fe?"J&?S*^ e our •<J ver t' icm * ntf ' n Sunday Papers.
/rt'lif t B^lwJk A portion of the best values and styles always /fflM'O J iifO 'ij 'O B? 1
'^^^^fciS^^HJ reterved for our Mail Order Buyers. »»i''<^-> — iis^
lf y° u »« nd in an order * ni reht »P«ifically l^dLUJJ^^^
>S' \ \ to this AD, we will prepay transportation charges, &/ /'.■■MHI
fo'V[ w T CJ IM thus delivering your goods FREE. l*( tfl C*
M«iW THE D. SAMUELS UCE HOUSE CO. Mgi
t/ . \Si S. E. Cor. Van New Avenue and Sutt.r Street // * J * ! ? L>
\r sfjfr M\ San Fr "" i ' co ' c " li MS/ '?
r wj On every home table there may be served every day a plate of pure, si
I. healthful, delicious hot-biscuits by following the "CLEVELAND" Cook. B
gj There is no economy in saving a few cents by using Alum Baking |2
S Powders. The cheap alum baking powders work sure injury to the health. ||
;| Enjoy the purest of home cooking by using j||
1 SUPERIOR 9
|| Made from a Superior grade of Pure Cream of Tartaft II
New Catholic Marriage Laws,
The following is an excerpt from a
letter by Archbishop liiordan, draw-
Ing attention to new marriage laws
which will go into effect on Easter
Sunday: "There are thirteen revis
ions guiding the action of priests, tbe
Hist of which is that every priest in
this diocese having faculties can val
idly BEsUt at marriage within the,
limits of his own parish and can val
idly marry within tbe limits of Jjbis
owu parish, peoplo from other par
ishes, but the priest himself, without
proper delegaion, cannot perform tbe
cormnony outside his own parish,
eke tbe marriage ia null and void.
"A marriage is unlawful if cele
brated in a plaoo where neither of tbe
parties has a domicile nor has resided
for a month. A general rule ia that
tLe murriage must take place before
tbe pastor of tbe bride. Registration
foi mariiHges must be entered both in
tbo mairiugo register (the "parish
und in tbe baptsimal registers of the
piirishuH wiieru tbe parties were
baptized."
1-4 of Pound a Week
at least, is what a young baby ought
to g»iu in weight. Does yours? It
not there's something wrong with its
digestion. (Jive it Mctiee's JUiby
Elixir and it will begin gaining at
oiK-ii. Cures stomach and bowel
troubles, aids digestion, stops tret
tnJnosH, good for teething babies.
Price t2sc aud 50c' Sold by Kuhser's
City Pharmacy.
The Way to Discomfit a Rival.
If you bave a rival and wish to dis
comfort him, lie low, saw wood, say
nothing, keep still, be wise and wait
until you are both invited to tbe
came affair. Then—
1. Liook at him as though you were
strangers and wben, seeking to intro
duce you to each other, your boa tees
begins: "Oh, Mr Blank, bave you
met Mr V answer, "Ob, yes;
I believe we bave met— in a sort of
way," and walk off with a super
cilious manner, sniffing tbe evening
air.
'2. Whenever be states a fact look as
though you frankly disbelieved him,
and every time ho ventures an opin
ion regard him as from a psycho
pathic point of view.
3. Start interesting topics of con
versation in odd corners, and when he
approaches let a silence tall over tbe
group so tbat he will think you wore
all talking about him.
4. At dinner partake of all those
disbos which be refuses, and wave
away ail those ot which he eats.
0. Tell a mystetious anecdote about
a recent dinner where one of tbe
guests stole four silver spoons. Ke
fraiu studiously from mentioning
names, but keep your eyo upon him.
G. If be tells a story interrupt him
just before tbe climax by holding up
your hand aud whispering: "Listen!
Was that a pistol shot?"
7. Laugh loudly at every opportun
ity, and Jook at him every time you
laugb.
H. If he should chance to use a word
of slang, gaze at him witb indignation
as though bis remarks wero at leust
indelicate, if not downright offensive.
U. riuiile frequently, sorrowfully and
sympathetically at tbe ladioH on each
side of him.
IU. Let him leare before you do,
and just before be goes give him a
significant look tinged witb amuse
ment, so tbat he will think you are
going to tulk about him after be has
gone.
11. i'JschHw tho dark streets, and if
you see a figure ahead of you lurking
in tbe shadows turn arouud and go
home another way.— Evening Sun.
THEY ARE SLAVES.
They are slaves who fear to speak
For tbe fallen and the weak;
They aro slaves who will not obooso
Hatred, Bcotiiug and abuse,
Katber than iv silence shrink
From tbe truth they needs must
think.
Tbey are slaves who dare not lie
In tbo rigbt]witb two or three.
— Lowell.
Pioneer flour is the best; bave no
other.
1 in the mine
>J oo ih* fam, ia iht woodi or
Ujj in the worktho?, ibouunJi of
p t woikcra t vcrywhtr* wear
| Levi Strauss & Go's
m Copper Riveted Overulls
D Ih. mu .l dcpcnJ.M. *r*"K^r3%
SHALL WE FIND THEM AT THE
PORTALS?
Will tbey meet us, cheer and greet us,
Those we've loved who've gone
before?
Shall we Hud them at tbe portals,
Kind our beautiful immortals,
When we reach tbat radiant shore?
Hearts are broken for'some token
That tbey live, and love us yet I
And we ask, can those wbo've left us,
Of love's look and tone bereft us,
Though in heaven, can they forget?
And we often, as days soften,
And cornea out tbe evening star,
Looking westward, sit and wonder
Whether, wben so far asunder,
Tbey still think how dear tbey are.
Past yon portals, our immortals—
Those who walk witb him iv white —
Do tbey, 'mid their bliss, recall us?
Know they what events befall us?
Will our coming wake delight?
Tbey will meet ac, cheer and greet us,
Those wev'e loved, wbo've gone
before ;
We shall find them at the portals,
Find our beautiful immortals,
Wben we reucb that radiant shore.
Key. J. E. Kaukiu, D. L>.,
In Watchman.
IT'S YOUR KIDNEYS.
Don't Mistake the Cause of Your
Troubles. A Jackson Citizen
Shows How to Cure Them.
Many people never suspect their
kidneys. If &u(iering from a lame,
weak or aching buck tbey think that
it ia only a muscular weakness; when
urinary trouble seta in tbey think it
will soon correct itself. And ho it is
with all tbe other symptoms of kid
ney disorders. Thut is just where
tbe danger lies. You must cure these
troubles or tbey may lead to diabetes
or liright's disease. The best remedy
to use is Doan's Kidney Fills. It
cures all ills which are caused by
weak or diseased kidneys. Jackson
people testily to permanent cures.
Mts K. liodot), living in Nmvir.au
villo, Jcakson, Cal., says: "Doan's
Kidney Pills have been used in my
family with the most satisfactory
results. My brother first, advised me
to try them while suffering severely
from kidney trouble. 1 had been
bothered with sovere pains iv my
back for a long time and iinally be
came so run down that 1 could hardly
get arouud. My back was very pain
tul and tbe puius were so severe at
night tbat I could not sleep. My
kidneys were very irregular and gave
me great annoyance. 1 suffered from
headaches and dizzy spoils bothered
me a great deal. At last Doan's
Kidney Pills were brought to my
attention and 1 procured a box at tbe
City Pharmacy. Tbey helped me
form the first, 1 continued takiug
them and us a result received a rum
piete cure. "
For sale by all dealers. Price 50
cents. Forster-Milburn Co., ISiillalo.
New York, sole agents for tbe United
HtatßH. Kemember tbe name— Doan's
—and take no other.
Real Estate Wanted.
Wonted. — Would like to hear at
once from owner having good medium
size farm or nmall business fur sale
iv uny gooi] prosperous locality.
Ploatio givo price and (Inscription aud
reason for selling. Slum when
possession cau be bad. No agents
need reply. Address Lock Drawer
USI, liochester, N. Y.
M -^~.^ — — ~~ ~— ....I ■
I.odyer and Chicago Weekly Inter-
Occun, both papers for ouo year 8:2.50
Bears the J _^' ltlß YoU Ha " 8 * IWayS BoUetll
34
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
AUKUAI.
April 11.— Dr. Norman wn;< onlled
to attend Addlo MoClary, who has
been aiifTerinß from chilla nnd fever,
and wna nfraid nf some other symp
toms dotting in.
Mrs l'ermelin Norris of Jinenn
Visln, oamo to ccc her mother, Mrs S.
Humphrey, who la very low. She
will ntay Bovoral days. In the mean
timo Mrs Al. fcSeely will rut urn to
her own home and will return to
Mis Humphrey's wheu her dnugbtor
loaves her.
Louio Soely has taken a colt to
break for 11. liucUnor, hlho ouo for
Wm. Allen. He la well paid, ns it in
an undertaking to take a oolt from
tho haltor aud prenarc it to rido nnd
drive.
Mis E. Barter of Saoramonto, mado
n trip to Camiuo, and from tbero to
Mrs btamptl'fl, where nho will lcmuiii
two weeks.
Ed. Hurroll bus gone to Indian
Digging, to Btay with Mr HtumplF,
who has a claim to work this Hiiuimor.
. Louie Aliilvyn. who has been away
live montba, retained homo by the
way of I'lHCorviile.
Mrs Jnck French is convalescent.
Friouds are glad to boar of her re
covery. ' .
Mrs Amy Jonkorson came from
Cedar Liiovo to Uno, to adviso with
Dr. Saundera. Her case is of long
standing.
Mrs H. Faruswoitb and Mrs Dr.
Haunders of Uno, drove to Oleta
Thursday.
Mrs Scbroodor's daughter Minnie,
from Kockliu, uamo to visit her re
latives aud friends in Oleta. She bad
her small child with her.
' Hugh Hell and wife of Oleta, left
Thursday for San Francisco to live.
Mrs iioil'H mother lives there.
Mrs Sadie Lawrence's daughter la
borne from Stockton on a visit to lier
parents.
Mr Norris and another man catno
from Santa Uosa at Mr Wiles request,
to adjust matters with J. N.jAlc-
JVaughtou and the purchase of the
farm aud possibly the itnmediato
change of ownership. Their people
are thinking ot making the purchase.
Key. Kunkel of Plymouth, passed
through Aukuni on bis way to Mt.
Aukiuu to preach in the church last
Sunday an Easter sermon.
El Dorado and Amador people
never had such an anxious look upon
their faces as now, a look of nppro
bension what will happen or when
it will raiu.
John A. MoCullough, who has boon
visiting bis brother, James, at
Aukum, left Wednesday for Oakland
and other places in lower California,
where bo will spena four months,
aud then return to his home in Mani
toba. W. A. L.
OLkM'A.
April lU.— Today tho weather is
very threatening. Tho south wind ia
blowing and tho clouds aro sailing
forth to tho uorih.
Frank Tyler huts turned benedict.
We wish him and his butter half all the
joy and happiness thut befalls married
folks.
A. A. Woolfork, one ot Oleta'a
promising young men, has gone to
tho Standard bjlectric Co. to work.
Jos. Schilling of Sacramento, paid
our little burg v llyiug visit last
week.
1. O. Miiyou was in town for a few
daya last week.
Kuinor baa it that Paul Taylor and
Frank Clark aro going to Keddiug.
Klvin Shealor has been breaking a
hrose for Irve (Jstrom, and whenever
ho goes out to drivo he hoads toward
Plymouth. Thoro must bo some
attract inn thero. How is it KJviuV
T. J. ilightower has been eiok, but
is improving.
Josie Newell is working for Mrs O.
M. Cooper at present.
Mrs M. O'JN'eil has been very sick.
Mrs Claude Wilson returned troiu
lone yesterday, whero sho has been
visiting her aister, Mrs Ueo. Yager.
K. O. Uaker and wifo of Electra,
paid Oleta aJvlHlr one day last week.
A. Gilbert of Uacrntneuto, is viait
iug his mother, Mrs N. Uilbert.
Tho dance given in Oleta last Satur
day was a Huccess socially and
financially.
A numljer of our townspooplo are
talking of going to Hun Fruiiciaco, to
Heo tho arrival of tho tloot.
Wm. Jiruwn has painted hla bouSQ,
which adds greatly to its appenrauce.
Mr and Mrs J. N. Jones are tho
proud parents of a baby gill.
11. A. Korater ot Sun Ituuolhco, i»
visiting hit) children.
11. T. lirown of Stony Creoli, is
visiting at tho Uradlftarj ranch,
The Circus
HiTobut liiids it necusHHi'y at all times)
to keep his inusolea and Joints «up
[do. That in thu reason that hun
dredl nf them keep a buttlu nf Jlal
lai'd'ri Know Liniment always ou
hand. A Hiiro cure fur rheumatism,
cuts, spiuiiiH, Hiiro thi'out, lame back';
contracted mUßOlei, corns, bunions
and all pains, l'rico 2~>a, Mo, mid
81 per bottlo. Hold by Kuhser'a City
I'hannncy.
JACKSON VALLKY.
April 14.— James Cook epont Satur
day aud Sundny in Jnckann.
Mr and Mrs J. Lucas of Julian dis
trict, spent Sunday with Mr and Mrs
J. Kldd.
Mlsn Hilda Coon of Clements, spent
a few diijH of last week with her
mother, at Mr Houham'fl residence, fj
Jene Fessier of Stockton, la now
staying with Mth Fessier at Huona
Vista, who baa tieen very sick. Miss
Orr, a trained nurso is altto in attend
ance.
Little Nollie Oufrcuo is quite sick.
Her father, Jack Dufrenc, is improv
ing.
Mr Stcolo of Copperopollw, Rpont
Monday evoninj? with A. U. Miner.
Mias Florence mid Lucottn Hwllt
spent Sundny with Mrs JJonlium's
ohiliJron nt their home.
.) Eurouo Miuor of Jackson Valley, is
Mm proud possessor of v lino now
rubber tiro buggy, .ion Kidd, Shor
inuti Alford and Ijoster Miuor left on
Fridny tor Stockton. It is reported
Mini, thoy linvo gone to purchase Homo
now bugKlos.
Airs K. lluanclc and daughter,
l. J oarl, wero in Jackson Monday on
bUfIiDGSBi
Tho farmers of Jnckaon valley tiro
all vory busily engaged planting corn
and alfalfa. Know-it-ull.
LANCHA PLANA.
Correspondonca Kecorcl.
April 13.— The warm weather of the
past few days has causod the Mokn
liimiHi river to rise considerably.
Although the frosts for several
nigths wore quite severe, local fruit
growers report that everything points
to a large crop.
Foster brothers have moved their
largo herd of cattle to their range
above West i'oiut.
A large now barn will be erected on
tbo Foster rauch next mouth, with
the latest improvements and con
veniences for bousing and caring for
stock.
Messrs Lucas, Hooding and other
owners of tho Northup iirigutiug
ditch, have boeu making extensive re
pairs on thoir property this spring.
W. J. liailuy has leased tho black
smith shop in Camancbe, and is pre
pared to do any work that comes to
him in that line.
AMADOR.
April 15.— Thoro are only a fow of
us old Calitoruiaus left who crossed
the great American desert in forty
nine imd tbo fifties.
While 1 cannot say that i have seen
strange things, i can truly say that 1
have recently passod through an
ordeal that I little dreamed 1 bad the
endurance to withstand. About tho
fifteenth of January 1 was taken down
with la grippe; after wrestling with
that for awhile and almost recover
ing, 1 was next take down with a
severe caso of pneumonia, from which
1 finally Tallied. To further proy on
this mortal frame, I had two- hard
congestive chills and tho end was not
yet. To still lesson my chances for
longevity, I was seized with that
dread disease known as typhoid fever,
tho name of which is enough to causa
the bravest heart to quake. During
tho progrsa of that diseaso my attend
ing physicians had litllo hope of my
ultimate recovery. For live long
weeks 1 was in a stato of unconscious
ness.
. 1 feel mo.st grateful to physician 3
Dia. Lynch and Uoodrnun, who
attonded me, and can never forgot
them for their faithfulness. 1 wish to
say that 1 have every reason to be
lievo that 1 owe my recovery largely
to my nurse, Mrs Kady. For days
and weeks she hardly left my bed
side. Mrs Kady is v professional
nurse, and ranks second to none. It
is bard to realize thut a man ot my
age (09) could survive such a 'multi
plicity of diseases, but 1 still live
and though weak, am now in tho
enjoyment of good henlth, and being
a Missiourian of orthodox order i can
say that 1 relish a chow of tobacco as
much as I ever did.
I feel that this caso deserves special
montion.
1 crossed the plains in an ox team
in tho yoar lH.io and 1 must have
arrived about the time California
was admitted as a stute.
J. F. Prothero.
SUTTKK CKEEK.
April JMJ.— MIBa Murgarot Lawlor
returuod from San Francisco Satur
day evening, to visit her parents who
have been quite ill.
Mrs John Hoiioychurch of Amador,
was a visitor here last Tuesday.
Mrs Thomas Muglord and , two
childreu left Sunday morning, en
mute to lilitir. Nevada, to join her
hu.sband, who is employed it; the
mines at that place.
Mr Corrotto went to Livermoro
Wednesday morning, to visit his koii,
Louie, who is very ill ut a private
Him it in hum at Mint place
.Mi.-. Chits. Joy is vinitiug friends in
Baoranionto this week.
Mr and Mrs J. Mhiiisian left l''iiday
morning tor Coluku, uhcro they ex
pect to reside in tho near future.
K. C. VoorheiH cuiiio up tiom tho
bay city Huturday, returning ugaiu to
thu city Weduebday morning.
AVAWU T.-KDO-BK JACKSON, CALTffUUStUt 3 ,
C. U, Downs went to San Frnnclsno
Monday morning.
The young ponple ol the Kpworth
League aro busily nud hard at work
preparing v program for an entnr
tninment which takes place on Friday
nvfl.ll.K tllO tilth.
Mrs A I Witto of Amndor City, wna
hero last Friday nnd ■Hatnnliiy. tho
guest of her sialor-in-law, Mis !'■
Mngfnrd.
Miss Julin Tanner is visiting her
sisters in iiorkcley and Hnn f'raii-
OllOOi
Mrs .Louise Gill returned Haturrlny
evening from a ten days' visit in
Hacramento.
AHhs Agnes llodgos has returned
from a two weeks' visit with friends
in Oaikand and Lodi. Nuttorito.
CSTY ELECTION
Contest for Salaried Officers
Brings Out a Strong Vote.
The city election last Monday de
veloped into a spirited contest for
the offices of marshal iui.l dork.
Thoso were tho only oflicea for which
there were any opposing candidates.
Thero was nopartyism about tho elec
tion, so far us tho nomination!) wore
concerned. They all got on tho
printed ticket by potition of elector.-!.
Hut tho voting imparted a pQrtlsnn
viow to tho affair. Tho maiu contest
was over tho marshalship. The pre
sent incumbout, (.J. M. lluborty wms
oppodorl by Thomas Lam in, the
latter'a candidacy being largely re
sponsible for bringing out tbo voters.
Tho miners musterod to thu support
of JLemiu, while on tho other hand
tbo court house pui<h wore marshaled
for Hubert?. Hotb sides did every
thing possibe in the interest of the
respective candidates, with tho out
come that lluborty won out with vi
votes to sparo. The caudidaoy of E.
Dufretie, who depended upon voters
writing his name in tho blank column
out little ice, ho only recoiling 5
votes.
On the clerkship tho administration
forces got the worst of it. They were
apaiust Kelly, but bo managed to pull
tbrought with a majority of "'.).
The total vote cast wns 317, con
siderably moro than was anticipated.
A double coutest, however, was en
tirely responsible for the big' vote.
At the last election where only one
office was contested the 'number ot
votes polled was 257. The desire to
help a friend, or to oppose another,
in too powerful to be overcome by
any other consideration. As far as
the trustees wero concoroed, they all
fell i'ar short of receiving a full vote.
Scores of voters went to the polls nud
cast a ballot for one man on the
ticket. Tlio highest trustee, Loam,
was tS short of tho total voto nnd tho
lowest, (George Kirliwood, lagged bo
hind to the tuno of ill votes, showing
that nearly one out of every threo
voters declined to voto for tho trustee
Candidates.
Precincts
Candidates No I. No i! No 3 Total
Trustee,! yrs
V S (Jarbariui 83 '78 81 237
W M Fenry B,'j 77 07 'i'J'J
Harry JUenni 90 78 71 i!3'J
Tr. , half term
Geo Kirliwood UO 70 0!J i>2:3
Clerk & A^essor
U M Kelly . 50 b'2 i.i 145
lleury Weil -t!) :)2 :n 11U
Treasurer
C 1j Culbort 81 7!) C:> 228
Marshal
Geo M iiuborty 71 DO ;">:; 174
Ihos Liemiu 'M 48 :S1 118
hi Dufreue 1 1 5
Total vote cast 110 lOd 'XI !51.7
The election passed olf very quietly.
Even in the evouing after tbo result
was "known, which was about 8
o'clock, thero were no jubilant shout
ing, nor drunken orgies or distur
bances worth speaking of. Any feel
ing of exultation ou somo point, was
toned down by disappointment on
some other score. Tho total voto of
Jackson is over 500 ho that a big list
failod to show up at the polls.
»fo:it#i«l. Its' fi'%»«S K«W
Mi
SUPERIOR COURT
PROCEEDINGS
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
Union Trust Company vs. lono and
Kafltorn Ualltntid. — Motion for taking
certain depositions granted. Trial
continued until .luiib 1.
tfttatd of Andrew Hlggio.— Vlnaont
Urlgnolo appointed administrntor,
letters issuod; DOtIOO to oteditors
order published.
Estato o( (.), Znnnotti. — Inventory
fllnd; nslato valued nt 8U9.U!2.
Kstnto of K. J5. O'Neil.-41'etition
for order of sale of real oslnto lllod.
J2EBtato of Andrea HiL't.'io. -Viucont
lirlgnolo potiticnor, appointed ad
ministrntor. llond llxwl ut 82001).
Order of publication of notlcos tn
creditors.
Charles Kretohor vs. W. W. Worth-
Ing nnd W. W. Kitzgorald. — Domurror
of W. W. t'ltzgerald lllod.
Tho people vh. Ago.slino liorollo.—
.Siipeiuis issued.
hatute of Nolf.io tichobor. — Final
ncconut nnd potition for distribution
tiled; Apirl 2o sot tor hearing.
Minuio M. llowaith, administrator
nf ostato of John \V. Marshall vh. W.
T. Bhurtlell et ill.— This was a contest
over tlio posMosslon of 80 acros in
1-7-12, which tbo plaintiff claims was
dooded by tho stato for delinquent
tuxes to Charles \V. Carlylo, but ao
bbldliig to tho plaintiff thoy nover
received a notice that the snlo was to
ho mado. it having been sent to Vol
cano, when it wns known by Cnrlylo
the residoneo of tho owners was in
Haoramonto. On this property is
located tho IJniituizii, which Miiihlhill
had loused to Kliurliou" with the un
derstutiding tbat out of the products
of tho mill be should pay tho taxes,
•vhich ho foiled to do in 18!':!. The
plaintiff prayed the court to pas 3
judgment for the possession of the
property aud for costs incurred. H.
E. hny, deputy tax collector under
T. K. Norman, and Win. J. Mc'Joo
were called as witnossea. Tho de
fendants appeared neither personally
nor by counsel. Judgmout wns graut
ed in favor of the plaintiff,
A healthy man is a king in bis owu
right; an unhealthy man is an un
happy slave, liurdock blood Hitters
builds up sound health— koop you
well.
Notice to Creditors.
K^lsitu of Luigi JVluua deceased.
Notioe is hereby giveu by the un-
dnrsigncd, administrator ot tho estate
of Luigi Alaua, docoused, to tbo
creditors of aud all persons having
claims against the said deceased, tn
exhibit them, with the necossary
vouchers, withiu four months after
the first publication of this notiou to
(he said administrator at the law
ottlco of Wm. J. JMc!jco, Court street,
Jackson, Amndor county, Cal,, the
same being tlin pla.co.for the transac-
tion ot the busiuoss of shi<J estate, iu
bald Amadnt' counly.
Dated, Marcb til, 1008.
ii. 11 POTTEU,
Admltiistrntnr of tha estate of Luigi
Miitiu, rieceiised.
Wai, .). Mci-ioe, attorney for ndniin-
isiratior. miir. liT-5t
Sealed Proposals,
City Sprinkling Wagon,
Season of 19Q8.
Pursnant to law and tho resolution
ot tho boufd of Irustoes of tbo city
of Jaoksou, adopted April 'J, 1908, tho
undersigned will reoelvo liids ut bin
ottioe in the Marelia Huikling, Court
atrEot, Jackson, California, until 1
o'clock p. in., April 20, 1908, •for
doiug tho following work, to wit:
Driving thn city s[irinkling wukod
during tho ooming pousou, cnutnietor
to tarnish lour horse team and driver,
work to bo prosecuted eeveu diiys a
week and ton hours 11 day, Snecoss-
f ul bidder will lie required to givo
security for tho luitht'ul porforniiincß
of tho work. Right reservod to rujoct
any or all hids.
U J. (JLAVINOVIUH,
City Clerk.
Dated April 3, 1008. lit
Caught Cold at Circus and Died.
A young Austrian minor named
Nick Mkle, died in Amndor City on
Wednesday last, after n brief illness.
Me was employed at Mi" Keystone
mine. On tho day of tho circus he
oamo over to Jackson, and attended
the ovouing performance. Up to trmt
timo he scorned In hi* v/sua! gooil
henlth. It is Bald that ho contracted
n cold by exposing hirnnelf in tho
bight air without his cont. Shortly
nftor returning to Amador pneumonia
developed, and terminated fatally in
one week. lie was buried in Huttor
Crock Fiiday, Ho enme to this
county from Austria nliout ttueo
yonra ngo.
BORN.
BTONW.— At I'lyniouth, April (i, 1008,
to W. W. Stoue Jr. and wifo, u
daughter.
H0N. 1 1. -In Jnekgon, April 17, 1008,
to tho wifo of Jamos liorill, a aou.
FOUKNIEI!.-In Sacramento April 1,
1008, to tho wifo of Charles 10.
Fouriiior of Niles, a sou.
HOFIMIEK.-In Onklnnd, April 12,
IUOB, at Fablola hospital, to the
wife of Uooigo 11. ISoflnger a
dnughter.
DIED.
WlLiLlAMa.'-ln Lua Augolos, April
1:5, IUUS, Miaa Maud Williams, a
nutivo of Jacltsou. The reuiaiua
were buried in LouAugoles on Wed-
nesday.
BKLU.-ln Amador City, April 15,
1008, Nioolo Skil, a uativo of
Austria, acod HO years.
lslAi\NlNl.-lu Oakland, April 15,
1908, Johu Ulannini, a native of
Hwitzoiland, aged Ga years.
CHOMICH.-In Jackson, April 13,
1008, Simo Chomicb, a native of
Austria, agod 21 years, 2 mouths aud
ti days.
[ want to hear from owner having^
|600D FARM orl
BUSINESS 1
ror snlo, uny size i.nd any locality. Not?
' piirticuliir about location, if you want|i
oush for your farm or business It will payjj
i you to writo mo today. I only want to*
: heur from owners who aro wliHnK to sells
I direct to tho buyer nnd without paying at
I cent of commission to anyone. I urn not a
<,'u real estato a^eut aud 1 don't accept pro ft
jportles for sulo oh a oomniißßloD busisg
{Afjouts need not answer. If your farm or*
is foraalo writo me at once uiul?;
il will send you free full details of niy new!
fpliin of putting yo:i lu touch with hundredsß
jof peo-iio anxious to buy. I must licmvi-S;
t^'from you quickly, us I have more buyers thing
I have properties to recommend. It oostsjß
uothinK to wr.le torno ucd I may barew
i; someone who wants your pllico und will puyrj
J'jyourtull prico In Writing (jivo price uuili;;
nnd stato bow soou poasessioafij
I*^ hud, Address j^J ;
j;i.. pAHßVsiiiiiEiDruwerOSl Rochester, N Y.tp
iiST FOR 111
iliWii %
It yen hnven'tarosnlsr, hoaltb 7 Tnavetsiffnl; of the
bowula ovorydny,] ou'rolUorwlllbo. Kuop yout
buwclu open, anil Lo wol). I'orce, in liin 01-.uiio ot
violent physio or pill poigon, ht aanaoroiiß, 'j'ho
nmootbcfft, orifice, tcant perfect wny of koopluu
EAT 'EM LtKE CAMDY
PTcaFdiit, Pnlntnble. Poront, TaMo Onod, I>o
Hood, Nover Blokan, wenksn orGrlpei 10, £5 and
l>',i cents linrboz. \Vrlto i'(jrlr2o iiaiuidu, i.ttu brmk-
lot on health. Adilraai 433
Slerlinq RcmcOy Company, Chlcan'i ■ York.
2/\ YEARS 1
I
The People's
Savings Bank \
Sacramento. Cal. i
Was Organized |
with Wm. Bookman as President $
and Manager and J. L. Huntoon,
Vlce-fjrosldent. Thetia offloers
bold thn sumo posttlona at tho
present timo and with tho a»sis-
tunce of a conscirvativo board of
dit'uctoi't) and wiih ooußervatlve
Caahlen this bank hat never
made u loss, but Ikih puld its J
regular Bwml-annual dividends |
and added toils puid-up capital )
j $41,000,00, und'hus a reserve of |
$101,01)0.01). H
A bafo liunk to (lo|Ki«lt money, j
Rosources 2A Millions. |
Send for our booklet, A
"OAKKING BY MAIL." H
Timber Land. Act June 3, 1070— I
Notice For Publication. -217|
United Htntcfl Land OIHro, Saci
mento, Cnlif., April 11, 1608,
Notice in horeliy given Hint In cot
phnnco with the proviaintifl of the a
of coiißiesfi ot Juno 3, 1878, entith
"An nut lor tlio laid of timber lam
In the ttales nf Cnlitnrnin, Ore^o 1
Noviidit, and WfllblOßtoil Territory,
(is extended tn nil the public Ini
wtali'H liy not of August I, 18!)
UotnetiiiKi (Ilnninl, ot Volnnn
county ot Anindor, stato (or territor;
nf Cnliforia, Ikim thin day lllod iu th
"Ilico hia sworn statement No. 217
for tlio purounso of tho H E U of H
•4, of Hoction No. 7, in Towiirli
No. 7 M., Uun«o No. Kt K., Al. U. *
imd will ofl'or proof tn show that tl
limcl Houi;ht in moro valuable for i
timber or itone than lor DSrlOtlltur
putpoiei) and to cptabllsli his olni
to laid laud liofuro IJ. ti. coinmiHsioi
er for Amndor county, at his olllce :
Jackson, on Altmday tho 'J'Jnd day
.J mm i!)08, California.
He names na witnetssca:
A. V. Bhealor, Ualdiiera Unrgheih
U. K. FltzßOfuid mid M. 11.I 1 . Kit,
Keraldiill of Volcano, Amndtir count',
California.
Any nud all persons claiming h<
vcraoly thn iilinvo-dcfcrilied landa in
renuestod to 11 10 thoir claims in th
otllco on or before Enid 15th day 1
June, 11)08.
JOHN b\ AKMtiI'HUNMJ
apr. 17 KrgiaU'i
Notice tor Publication. 30
Department of tho Juturlor, Lan
Oliico nt tiacniiuonto, Calif , Mure
21, 11)08.
Notico in hereby Rivon that Job
Sobaadi of Wcet I'oint, Uallfornii
haa lllcd notico of bis intention t
mako Hnal Uvo year proof in suppoi
of luh claim, viz: Homestead Entr
No, 71)!) mado Sept. 9. IHOI, for tL
W i.j of a K X nnd a 14 of S W %, se(
tion !), township (i N,j rango 14 L'
M. 1). M.'i aud that i-airl proof will I
mado hoforo 1.110 register aud receive
at U. H. land ottice in Sacroinentc
Calif., on Mondny May 4, IUO9.
lie nntnea tlio following; witnossc
to prove his continuous reaideuc
upon, nnd cultivation of, tho Imui
viz:
William Crockett, Martin Uygui
and Wilson Cain ot West faint, Cr. lit.
and John Kirk of Jenny Lind, Cali
foruia.
JOHN V. AKMHTRONU',
Koßister.
Not coal land. mar. '27-td
Timber Land, Act June 3, 1878—
Notice For Publication.— 2lB(l
United States Laud Oliice, Hacra
mento, California, April 11, IOUb 1 .
Notice is heieby given that in com
pliance with tbo provisions ot tho ac
of congress of .iuno !5, 1878, entitlei
"An act for tho fsalo of timber laud
in the states of California, Oregon
Nevada, aud Washington Territory,'
as extended to jail tho puhlie lan(
states by act of August i, 1802, Addi
to. Btenilor of ! Portland, county 0
Miiltonurtin, stato (or territory) o
Oregon, has this day filed in thi
oftico his stworn statement iS'o. 21fe'O
for tho nmchaso of tho S K of S K ;
and N K M of a E H sec.' ~U, and i
W ;,,' ot S W ij, nf section No. 1 3, ii
township Mo. 7 N., range No. 11 E.
M. 1). M., nndj will otl'er proof ti
show tbat tl>« land sought is mon
valunblo for its timber or t-tono thai
for agricultural purposoa, nnd ti
establish his claim to said laud befon
tho register and receiver at LI. H.
Lhiicl Office In idaoramoutu, Cali
fornin, on Monday, tho 22nd day ol
June. 1008.
JIo minion sia witnesses:
Hattie tiprlng and Mable', J. Frnnl;
of Kan L'ranc'soo ' George C iiruce ol
West Point, Californiu; James b\
I'eok of liurkoloy, California,
Any and all persons oinlniiuß ad-
veisely tlio Dbovo-doaci'ibed lands an
requested to UJ<.< their clultna in thi:
otllee on or before Enid 'J'Jnd d»y 0!
June, 1908.
JOHN P. AHMSi'KONU.
up. 17 Kpgietor.
Timber Land, Act June 3, 1876—
Notice For Publication.— 2l7£
United Slates Land Oflice, Hnora
meuto, California, April 1J, .1908.
Notice Is hereby Riven that in com-
pliance with the provisions ot thn net
nf congress ot June IS, 187H. entitled
|'Au act for tho salo of timber lands
in the titutos of California, uregou,
Nevada, and Washington territory,"
asjexteuded to till the publio land
states by act of August •!, ISU2. Mable
1. Frank nt Kan Franolsoo, county of
Sun Francisco state (or territory ) ol
Cnlilorniu, has this day tiled in this
nlllco \m sworn statement No. Ul7O,
for tho purchase of tho S \V "4 of H I<J
H\ fc] ••; of S W 14 nud S W % ot S \V
\&, of Beutiou No. l.'t, in township No.
7 N, riinso No. 14 10., M. D. M., aud
will offer proof to show tbat the
laud snui>ht is moro valuable for it.-;
timbor or Ktnno than for agrloultiual
purposes: and to eHtnbllsb his olaltu
to uhlil hind buforo the register and
receiver ut U. S. Land Olllco iu
Haoramonto, Calif., on .Monday, the
22nd day of Juno, l!)08.
' ilo names as witnesses:
Addio M. Ktuniler ot i'ortliiQil,
Ql'Ogon; llattio Spring of Hun I'niu-
OUOO, Culitorniu; Ueurge C-. Hruco of
Wo.-t i'oiut, Cullfornln; Jamea Il',I 1 ',
i'uek of Jierkoley, CalUniniii.
Any and all persona claiming ad-
versely tho above-described lands me
requested to tile tlioir oluium in this
ottice on or before said i!2ud day of
June, 11)08.
JOHN F. AKMbTRONU,
.ap. 17 Uegitter
Team and Buggy
HARNESS
All hand sewed.
A- BASSO.
Alain st., JaclisonRUHSER'S
Compound Extract of Sarsaparilla
Makes Pure Blood.
There is no one — !>i#, little, old or young — but has Impure
blood In the Spring. It is ntitui'c, Cold weather makes bud blood,
because tho functions of tho skin mv liotftctlvoln the Winter. A
vust part of all impurities of 'the body, especially ol the tissues
immediately under the skin, depend upon tly skin for olitniimtion.
When it is cold all Iho little pores of iho skin are contracted until
they are. nearly closed, preventing tho escape of impurities.
This throws increased work on the other eliminating organs, which,
as a rule, havo about all they want to do. Consequently \ this
matter stays in tho blood or is absorbed back into tho tissues.
ißuhscr's Compound Extract of Sarsapa-
rilla will remove all these impurities and is the only
Spring Medicine and Purifier.
Price per bottle $3.00
RUHSER'S CBTY PHARMACY.
Jackson* Cal.
TEMPERATURE AND RAINFALL
This tablo gives tho highest :iml lowest tern
poruturo In JucUson tor each day, together with
tho rainfall, us rooordod by self-roKisloi'lng
inatrumonts Uent at tho Ledßer olllco:
! rt COM
jTeinpi £i;
i 18
Tomp s
Date.
j Dato.
! . '-. I»^
I/.;H. 21
i/a. 3
Apr. 1. i:
a..,
fi...
a...
7...
8.7".
1)...
10...
11...
13...
11...
15.;;
1d...
IMS 81 710.88;
....' SI- 71 0 '.)■! :
..i 3r>: 73,0. 13 1 1
...J S3 710. -37 i
....'■■ RO 74:
,i S.V (ill: ! !
....; 43 74 ;••••:!
. . . . 1 m 70 —i i
....• 311: 81: i
....: 81 8«! !
....; -lii 1 B«i —:i
....' JH 85: i
...,i 40; S!)
,•,;. M' 73: I
...J ISO! 0:V
,T, . I 47! OS 1 1
Apr. 1"...
i 13...
; 10...
i 20...
I - oj
j ai....
i'Hl.Sn!'!;
! a 7....
! an....
i au...,
: 50...,
i 31....
I »; : ,••••
! rt COM
jTeinpi £i;
j Dato.
Date.
I/.;H. 21
Apr. 1"...
i 13...
; 10...
i 20...
I - oj
j ai....
i'Hl.Sn!'!;
! a 7....
! an....
i au...,
: 50...,
i 31....
IMS 81 710.88;
....' SI- 71 0 '.)■! :
..i 3r>: 73,0. 13 1 1
...J S3 710. -37 i
....'■■ RO 74:
,i S.V (ill: ! !
....; 43 74 ;••••:!
. . . . 1 m 70 —i i
....• 311: 81: i
....: 81 8«! !
....; -lii 1 B«i —:i
....' JH 85: i
...,i 40; S!)
,•,;. M' 73: I
...J ISO! 0:V
,T, . I 47! OS 1 1
Apr. 1. i:
a..,
fi...
a...
7...
8.7".
1)...
10...
11...
13...
11...
15.;;
1d...
Total rulurall for month 1.80 inches
Total ntiufivll for sunson to duto . .11.0.) Inches
To corrusponding period las t season 39.90 "
LOCAL NEWS
Ed. iMogolinsky, wbo has boon hare
in tho interest of Kilers Music Co.,
of Stockton, returned to that city
last Saturday.
A. Piccardo wout to Sou Kraucisco
last Saturday for a fow days.
Chris Motes aud family aro visiting
at tbo old hoinorituad below lone,
having gone tboro last Tuesday,
During bis absence frank iaheau has
been driving tho stage to the station
and to MokelumuQ Hill.
The Nativo DaughteiH hold an
initiation Tuesday evening, tho
neophitoa being Misses Amelia Pio
currlo aud Mary Dal L'ortu.
J. 11.I 1 . Wilson. Dentist. Hours 9a.
in. to 5 p. in. Phone— OUJco, black
144: residonce. Black 391; Jackson.
(Jhria b'nrzovicli, who Is ; employed
at the Argonaut mine, struck his
elbow agniust a projecting rook while
bo was walking through one of tho
drifts of that miue Ulio early part of
tho weak, causing a sovcro wound.
It became intoctod so it was nucoss'ary
to soe a pbysiuian iitjout it.
A rock, which had fallen from tho
stope above him. struck Gugar
Bechar, who was working at tho Zeiiii
miue, on tho shin causing a wound
that required v couple ot stitches to
close. iJr. Hprugue is attending him.
Mrs HobeitsoQ arrived Woduoariay
evening from Stockton, to visit with
uor daughter, Mrs Dr. Gall.
lioorgo W. Luoot now has a black
smith by tho Dame of Hudson work
ing for him, Jim (Jorrera having given
up his pluce there. IJudson expects
to bringjhis family up from Sacra
mento within tha next fow days.
Mrs Del /.oil has rnovod from the
Leonard house ou broad way to a
house on Mason street back of Mrs
Karl's, (ioutlemou'a .suits cleaned for
SI aud up. Ladies 1 skirts 500 up.
Also dyeing dove. All kinds of bak
ing. Fresh broad all tho time.
tt is reported that the snow in tho
neighborhood of Hlue Lakes is from
throe to four foet deep— about halt
the usual quantity at this season of
the year.
M. L. Smith Notary I'ublio and
Stenographer, Court St., Jackson,
Tolojihouo iilaclc W.i.
Mis b'ubuie Hall, who has been
treating iv a hospital in San Fran
cisoo for tho past ootiplo of mouths,
returned homo Tuesday evening. Uor
daughter, Mrs (Seorgo Wriggloswortb,
went to Unit to moot nor.
Aociording to tbo Btookton Inde
pendent, !•'. N. I'edsior, who is a con
tractor ot that city, wont to lone
last Monday tv bo at tho bedside of
bis brother, (J. W. l(lusyior,l (l usyior, a busi
ness man of lone.
liny tho best sewing mnohlnea
made, for talo cueup, 'It, T. Juutuu,
Weil lilil«. JackHOU.
0. 11.I 1 . Vicini returned Tuuwday even
ing from a buolneaa trip to tlio city.
Mrs dough, who has boon visiting
with bur daughter, Mrs Job.' l'holpa,
for tho past luoutll or more, left
yesterday morulug for her home in
I'uuillo (Jrove.
I.odgei 1 und Chicaffo Weekly lutor
Ooean, both papers for ouu year, $ii.sO
in utlvuuce.
Wm. J. Medico's law ollico in now
in tho Grant building, rooms -ll') and
•114, nt tho corner of 7th and Market,
Tol. Market YD. K'JOlt
Cattle from thia soatinn nro being
driven to tho valley ■ lands, so as to
save what pasture tlioio is until next
fall. Kirkwood'a cattle, which 'are
driven to mountain pasture in Alpine
county in July, will go to tha vicin
ity of Cialt for pnsttTrage during the
interval betwouu now aud July.
Other cattio mon ato seokiug pastur
age iv the valley, in anticipation of n
shortage in tho full.
i 18
Tomp s
! . '-. I»^
i/a. 3
I »; : ,••••
A miner named John Arnerich, em
ployed nt the Gwiu mine, fell from a
porch last Sunday near the in inn, and
struck terra llrma on his face. A
jiiece was out out of his lip, and he
was otherwise btuised up badly. J)r.
Uudioott was called to dress his
wounds.
AJ. F. Ualkins, solicitor for the
Ledger, loft Saturday morning ou a
visit to Urass Valloy, Sacramento and
Stockton on business.
Thu Ledger oflieo hua lately recoiv
ed a ruling machine, the only one
over brought to this county. It
enables us to do all kinds ot ruling
work, iv any color of ink. and ia a
great convenience. Iho purpo.se of
this machine is to make the faint
blue or, red linos such as appear ou
billheads, letter heads and such
woik.
\V. L. IVortnor, who is; employed as
a mason iv tho construction of kilns
for making lire brick near iono was
iv .Jackson Tuesday. Ho reporta that
the product (;f these kilns is equal to
tho linoat imported brick. The
market just now is very dull owing
to tbo iluaucial stringency. The
ontei'priso is to bo pushed nbond, so
aij'to turn out froD! 20,000 so :!O,UOO
per day. There is no doubt that it
will provo a linancial success ultiin
atoly, under careful management.
Ho returned to lono Tuesday after
noon. His sou, Mose, is employed
with him. Jle went to Kawhide a
month ago, but was so dissatisfied
with conditions tbat he roturued in
sido ot two weeks. He hud all tho
work ho cpuld do at b ; 10 per day, but
thia was more than offset by climate
aud other drawbacks.
For toiilo or Kent.— -Jhe house on
Broadway, Jackson, Apply on the
premises to Theo. Crocker.
A small scare was raised last Wed
nesday by a report thut a oblld of
W. Hewitt, who was attending s-chool,
dad the wooping cough. How the re
port got, abroad is not plain, but it
caused a storm aud a protest against
tho child going to school while Butter
ing from tho complaint. Thu father
was called up, aud told the school
authorities that if his child bad the
whooping cough ho was not awaio of
it. it seems that a youngor child,
uot attending scbool was Bulferlug
fcoui a common cold, the one going
to school waa uot troubled iv any
way. Finally, to not tno matter at
rast, Dr. LJudloott oxumino'J tha child
under school aye au;l deciarod that
she did uot havo whooping cough.
This settled l.lm question, but tho
scare among tho nolghbors who bavo
school ohildrou uutitlnued lot several
days. Wo are pleased to u:iy it was
a false al Him.
Hodsoti, tho photographer of tSaora
mnnto, has l:ik;in Bp'iioa iv thu Lodger
so that tho psoplo ot this county may
know where to Uud hid pluua when
ever they aro iv that place or in
Btooktou or Uaklrtiid. Tlio Il',I I ', 'i'houias'
Parisian dying and clounlug works,
which has a biauch olllco iv Haoiu
mouto, has also taken Bpa.oe.
Mrs Taoa, Hattoisloy roturued last
oveuiUS from a week's visit at
Acuinpo.
Jim FoutmiroHo oaine up from Oak
laml yoaterday, and expects to stay a
few days uu business anil pleasure.
Goorge Hhoifor oittoa from Trinity
OOUUty a fow days ugo, to 100 Ins live
year old daughter, Helen, wliu is
lining taken care of by Mrs M. \V.
Folger, Ho is omployed in niiniiig
in 'J.'riuity county, and e.xpoota to ro
turn eurJy next week.
1? HI DAY, A PHIL 17, 1008
School Trustees Elected.
i'ho olo'ilioii for school Ifjetees ill
tho various districts two Woeha figo,
as per if.turna 6ont in lo Bcliool
su[K>rinteii(!nnt W. 11. • (Jreciilmlgh,
rfisiilted as follows!
Aetnn- Mih Win l»oyle, throo yearn.
Amndor City- John Dynan, one
year |<l li Duolap, three years,
Atitolopo-Willis X llnss, three
ynara.
lirhJgetiort— Airs I'atiny Votnw 1 , three
years; Mra Knn Fronnh, ono year..
liuona Vlata- .1 \) Nlcuolh, threo
years.
Cnniti Oprn— Henry Kuhhcll, ouo
yenrijAdrian J<'iedrinke, two years; J (
A llorton, tbroo yoai'B.
Chiirity— Drew Cuminetli, tbieo
yoarßi
Charleston — (.Jon Fitzgerald, thteo
yours; L A Ferry, two yenis.
Cl 111 ton ~~ John J I'Jllia, throe years.
Urytown— (Jhnrles II Marchand,
threo years,
Forest Homo—- 1. 1 ' '•) McOulloh, throt;
yaars; W 1) Ollld, two years.
Franklin — J Hobooninaker, ono yr;
A J Hhalor, throo years,
Oilbort— T (J Ktowe.rs, throo years.
Grapevine— lo D limney, threo yours;
Alox Otr, twr/ yoar.s.
lono— J FHcott, three yearn.
lono Union High- U \V Perkins,
threo years,
Jaoksion— Chus (J Heiaor, throe yrs.
Jackson Valley— Wra 1L l J routy.
lineo yoars.
Laucha Plona— K W Harnett threo
years. , •
Mr), liJcho Union High-U 11 Heoder
son two years.
Mt, Echo— John A Xonzl, threo yrs.
Mt. Springs Union High— ll D Kau
lett, three yeurs,
Mt. Hprings— ltobert Jones, three
yonrs.
Olotii— Joseph Pigeon, threo yrs.
Pigeon Creok— Mra Hattie M Vance,
threo yrn.
Pioneer— bred Joyce threo yrs.
Sjiring Valley— Albert Allison, three
yrs.
Stony Creok- -U C Morrow, threo
yrs; John (J Kador, two years.
Slitter Creek— V C Quirolo, throe
yrsi
Williama-T O Uavis, three yrs.
Willow Springs— William A Colburu
throe yrs.
Voloauo— Ulovanni Calori, three yrs.
As yet four districts have failed to
report tho results of their elections,
while there are eight in which no
election was hold. Namely, Cnrhori
dale, Knterpi iae. Middle l ( 'ork, Mill i
gau, New York Hunch, Quartz Mt.,
Slato Crook aud Union.
Cattle Men Meet.
A mooting of tho Amador and .Xl
Dorado stockmen's association wus
held in Jackson lnst Monday. I'be
ciittlo men from all parts of the
county mustered in full i'orco. i'Lio
torost ranger, S. J. Fliutban, of
Souorn, wus unable to bo present;
This holng tho regular meeting i'ui
the election of officers; all the
officials wero roolectod as follows:
lJrosid<s;it-U.l J rosid<s;it-U. h. Culbort.
Secretary— \V. 12. L<'iiin.
Troaaurer — (.Jod. A, Kirkwood;
Advisory lionrd— U. L. Culbert, VV.
hi. b'inu, F. K. Bamert, J. W. Jo-is
and A. Carninotti!
It v.v a h decided to print in pamphlet
form Uie marks aud brands or ;A1
cattlemen, members".' of tho associa
tion, within tiio district, and havo
the fiiuii! circulated for mutual pro
tection. In this way, when oatroya
get into a band of cuttle, it will be
an ousy matter to t6ll by tho branila
to whom tho strangers belong.
A, liadarauco appeared lietort; (ho
advisory board, and it waa recom
mended that iv viow ot the preseut
drouth, h:3 bo permitted to take moro
cattle into tbo foreut resorve than
heretofore,
Albu, William tJibbert, who here
tofore has uot pastured within tho
torost reservation, was recommended
tor permit to pasture Mtock this sen
son, for the samu reason. It; was
resolved to hold tho next mooting iv
Jackson.
Trial of Arson Cases.
Next Monday in the day sot for the
trial of Agostino uud Uiovunuo Utit
tiate, Marco JJoiollo, DoillßUloo
Muuzo aud O. Lojiori. Those miii
were indicted vii tb« 20th of Febru
ary hy the gruud jury on tho bliflrge
ut ur&uu, it boiitf* oluiiuod that tbey
wore Implicated iv tho bniuiuu.ot tho
Summit hotel bctwtiuu liero uud
butter Crook, uu tho uijjht of tho
fifth of tho eauia mouth, It isi
Dimmed that ftlunzo 1h tho ono that
actually not tho (Ire, making his way
fu Han Fruuclsoo, whore hu wns
oanturod some daya later, while
AQOatiuo Uorello put him up to tho
job, 0. Leporl putting up tho niuuoy
to carry it through. Iho other
Uarollo is hold because of Jilh .kucnv-
ItidfiO (it tho tniueiiction. Lopori is v
prominent ii) oi chant of ban i''run
olhoo, All ttio defeudauta have em*
ployed the bt'yt ooutisol possible bo a
hard struggle is expected, A uum
be'r of wltuoa^ea liuvo been iubneoued
to uppear on ttmt day und testify.
Tho trial 'vill piubably lust v num
ber of days. O. Loporl in in Ktui
l/mnoiwoo ut present, be bomy the
only ono of tho four nblo to procuro
tho required amount of bull.
r>UCUMENTS RECORDED.
|Tho following Instruments havn tifi^i fllfd
tot record m tne recordar'i omen sinco our i»st
[JPWt, Wr piiMllsli » complete list, of rtoou
rm'nts rcpfirded, and mv.st (lecUno to nec.yln to
ni.v requotl to suppress any document from
ilicso coliimnH. lAih't nsk us todOHi'
f^eeda.— Cfintral Inveatment & Water
Co, to w. |). Uiiico, MO nores in
- -' -!', XXi BOtOS in 11-7-9, 410 In
12-7-B, 4no Hcrorj in i;»-7-». 'M\ acroH iv
H-7 !i mid ;wo acres in :ir>-H-o, Biu.
<■• G. Mnyboi'ii to Mnry J. May
l"ini, oiKi-lllth Interest in tbo Kilham
tower ditch, all of tho Home ditch,
Hiid tho South l''ork ditch, for love
mid affection.
Joseph btlncotneyer to Mary Nossi
fng, 100 acres in 3;i-8-S), Rift.
Hnllgfaction Chattel Moit«ago.— J.
A, t'rogalia to (ieo vv. Luoot et ni.
I. I!. J-'indlny and J. VV. HalZ to
l'etor Dbrnnin.
I'tust Doed,— Florence A. und E.
'!. DenuiaoD to Angeln lioitauo nad
I'cdrlna l'eilorano bs truste«rt tor Ni
A, rollerauo, tho Florenna quartz
i:l(iiiii In 4-(J-l'J, to aecnro n noto of
iM'iJO for ono your ut 8 per ouut iutor
eat,
Quit-claim Deed.— Chnrloa Qulbklo
to ytelgor Terra Coito and Pottery
Works, 80 acres iv 20-7-9.
Order Confirming Snlo. — Kstnto of
John Eckartj 40 ucrca in 'iS-7-I'2 to
-Mrs AugHsta McDonald tor 8!)0. I'nr
crl It land In 20-7-12 to Mra Augusta
McDonald lor 8150. i'roperry in
y«uta (>ruz to Christian lloffmau for
8300.
Kesoiution. — Hy tbo Cnlll'ornia ln
vestmeut nud Water Co., approving
f:;1o of land iv Amador county to \V.
1). Duke.
Notary Bond.— lJoud of S. J.
iiomicEiu for 810,000 with C. L.
Culbert and J. Chichizolii as enreties.
l J roof of lidbor.— J. h\ (Joodinnn on
tne Uoodninn and Unnd placer claim,
Volcano district.
Marks nud Uranda. — U. F. Jiilledfid,
W X ou loft hip ot cattle, and VV X
ou left shoulder ot horses. Murk,
crop and under hult-crop in each oar.
1); 15. Pardoe, 111 on left hip of
csittlo and horses. Cattio mark, two
slits in left ear and .under [bit in
riizht ear.
Blrtlulay Party.
Mildred Diver entertained her
.schoolmates Tuesday afternoon at the
Olver home on the Hamilton tract,
the occasion being her eleventh
birthday. A very enjoyable time was
spent in sougs, recitations aud
numerous games. Those present
wero Annie Conlou, Annie Leploy,
Ularise lioro, Dorothy Heiser, Inez
Tarn, Helen Hust, Jauie Mettle,
(Jerna Kirkwood, Leota and Colette
ljuberty, Vearle Huborty, Leuore
liridicott, llenerotta O'lS'eil, Mario
Wcllor. Veda Morrow, Alice Uatchlor,
Loretta Newman, Violet Loam,
JSlormau Olver, Krnest Tarn, llayden
Laughtonj Hoit Viciui, Wallace Jones',
Willio L J rout, Kufua Ousby, WiJlie
(Jnrley, Henry Uasaiueili, Albert
Palmer, Ktiymond Trovaskis, Kay
rnotid Ninnls, Mildied Olvor.
More Locals
Johu Hlnckweli, wbo nas been vevj
ill with typhoid fever, suffered a set
back tho early part of tho week. Ho
had so improved that tho services ot
the traiuod nurse, Miss Winters, wero
deemed unnecessary. Who returned,,'
whon tho relnpse occurred. He is
now oii tbo improve again.
K. Ousby, another typhoid patient,
is still in charge of a traiuod uursu,
Miss Postloj niter a eiefia of oi^ht
woelss. Ho is atoadily improving,
and si) far recovered as to be ablo to
bo about tho linuse.
A ruarnage iieonso waa issued Wed
nesday to Mioliei Cnristovioli aud
Sinn Angeliuiot) both of Jaeksuu.
The threatened rain tor several
days early in the week has passed
away, still loaving this section
"dry." Tho skies htivo again ckiaral
with prospects of moistures as dubious
as ever, although tbo vvoather has
tinned inuou ooider. Ths agri
cultural outlook i.s anything hut
bright, aud every passing day with
out rain renders it darker. Showeis
ure reported in the mountains [to the
eust, and in epotH nearer. At the
county seat ii few drops foil, but not
enough to measure.
A roport Ima been circulated around
town to tho oltect that Kmerson, the
oldest son of (J. 11. ilunlufjton, waa
sick from an utlack of diptheria,
but according to Dr. (.Jail the case
baa boon nothing moro than a sovoie
soro throiit. Whou tho doctor waa
nulled iv ho aclrlsed tbo pHrents to
keep him Indoors aud not to lot auy»
one ciouie aiound, booauso at the time
he was uot so sum but that it might
dovolop into v caso of dinthcriu, but
now lid tmys that all daugor ia passed.
U. Ortoa fell 1-0 foet down an oio
cbuto at tho Kennedy wiuo yesterday
uftoruoou, but luL-kiJy osoaped with
only a few bruises,
Mia A-'ulini) I'errln, n sister of tho
late Mrs Raymond I'la.-ed, uud a
former reildout ut thin county, died
it) Alanioilii on tho 13th lust. She
was a uatko of Frauoe, ayod 7- years
aud - iiiiini In;.
A mooting ot tho trustees will bo
hold Monday ovouiiitf to linuiunt tho
votes cast Monday at the [Vity else
tion.
STILL IN THE FRONT
For full lines of cloth-
ing, shoe£, drygoods,
gloves, silks, laces,
embroideries, ladies*
waists and ties, and
corsets, all of which
will be sold to the
people of Amador
county for less than
any house in the
state, taking out the
expenses and ex-
press charges.
Sutter Creek - California
Slitter Creak Bank
Depositors Aleet.
A meeting of the depositors of the
Sutler Creek iiank was called yestor
day by C. 11. McKeuuey, nhiarmau of
tho depositors committee, to discuss
tho plaus to bo followed in regard to
the hunk. Kithor Donnis will hnve
to put up tho required amount to
bring up the reserve, or tho depositors
will have to do it by the twenty
second of this mouth, this beiug the
limit of time that tho court may give.
If nothing is done by that time the
bank will go into tho hands of a re
ceiver, unless tlio attorney general
sees lit to give thorn a few days grace,
it will require in tho neighborhood
of BGOUO to bring up the reserve.
F. \V. Morrish, a former Grass Val
leyan, who it; now in tlio drug busi
ness in San Francisoo, was lined fifty
dollars recently lor having sold mor
phine sulphate without a physician's
prescription! Tho evidence in tho
case wu.i supplied by the state board
of hoalth aud was clear and complete
Morrish was forced to admit that
tho allegations in t lie complaint were
true. Ho conducts a drug .store ;it
the corner of Scott and ICiirly street^.
Tho above was taken from the i.Jii:.;-
Valley 'Tidings. Moirish ia well
known in Sutler Oeek, having at one
time owned a drug t^tore there.
when eating, that your food is of
highest wholesomeness — that it has
nothing in it that can injure or
distress you — makes the repast
doubly comfortable and satisfactory.
This supreme confidence you
have when the food is raised with
The only baking powder made
with Royal Grape Cream of Tartar
There can be no comforting confi-
dence when eating alum baking pow-
der food. Chemists say that more or
less of the alum powder in unchanged
alum or alum salts remains in the food.
Unclaimed Letters.
Uarbieri Audrea, Giovanni IJasilio,
Stiv S. Manuovicb, K. W. Kovich,
John Sereno Kegsi, Giovanni Kossi,
John Solak.
ANNUAL PICNIC
IN iONE,
Saturday April 25
Under the management of the Odd
Fellows, Rebekahs joining.
President of daj- 11. \V. Ureenhalga
Grand .Marshal Claude Wilson.
Orator .Mrs Jennie Kateusteiu
of Newcastle
2'lutiic by Jackson Hand.
Lots of Uutaoa liud other Amusements.
GEO. F. MACK,
Sec'y Uora. ot Arrangements.
56
Clipped from Exchanges.
(n the ißst fifteen months, the fees
In the otllce of the county recorder,
Chas. i;. Marsh, have made n total of
B^?Br>..T>, which la more than tho
salary of thl9 ollionr, so that it costx
the taxpayers nothing lot recording.
Uuder the old fee bill repealed somo
years ago, the olllce would have paid
the conni / a thousand dollar* moro
than it coats. Tho recording fees for
the inst Ilium nioutliH baa been $23.">
moro I Inn for the samo months of
1007. — El Dorndo Kepubllcau.
Ueo. Uonnefoy & Sous have recent
ly purchased the Lntrobe hotol from
K. M. llungerionl, and tnken posses
sion, (inn. Uonnefoy jr., wag in
town .Monday and included this olllce
In his round of bii9iues3 culls. — tie*
publican.
It is estimated that in tho Cold-
Held mining district »2,000,00() woith
of high grade ore bus stolen by
miners who carried the ore nut in
their pockets. It is claimed by dit
tectives nud experts who have investi
gated tho matter that this has been
the work of a tew men — not more
than a hundred of the thousands of
miners employed in the high ,-grnde
mines being uuder suspicion. Tbeso
men are called in tbo rniuers 1 , verna
cular "high graders," and most of
them are expert miners, nud for tbe
sake of big gains thuy are willing to
run tbe risk of working in tunnels
that are insecurely timherod, and
where many other conditions aie un
satisfactory, or unsafe. Thus, they
have little troublo choosing their
places of employment so long as they
can escape detectiou. In somo cases
where no watch was kopt, it was d In
covered later that us high as sixty
pounds of ore had been taken in one
day by one man.
DANGER IN EARLY RISING.
Somebody will have to revise tbe
ancient proveib that "early to bed
and early to rise makes a mau healthy
Wealthy and wise." It does nothing
oi tbe sort. It makes him insane.
Dr. Savary, the French scientist,
said so to tbe members of tbe French
Academy, and Dr. Forbes Koss, in an
interview, upheld the view J,of his
French colleague.
According to him, early rising
makes for mental inefficiency. Jf we
were allowed to go to sleep and to
wake up when we liked, nerve ill
nesses and half the ailments in tbe
worJd would be abolished. It is only
a plowman or a yokel who has no
brain work to do who can rise early
with impunity. Hut then, it ia
pointed out, be goes to bed at 8 in
the evening. "People must have, a
healthy heart to rise e.arlv, " said Dr.
t'oibes Koss. Alauy a joraon with a
weak heart has jumped up, uwaking
early, and fallen back dead.
Few brain workers of any value get
up early. One or two novelists boast
tbat their best work is done in the
early hours of tbe inoruiug— but,
then, they don't say bow they rest for
tbe remainder of the day.
If a mau wakes up and remains
awake for some time, he should then
get up. Hut if be is awakened beforo
bis sleep is exhausted, tbe tendency
is to go to sleep again. And this
sbows tbat forced early rising is
wrong.
So mnn should be forced to got ont
of bed at 0:30, have to bo idle half
the day, Hnish with hard ispurt, and
then be dragged out of bed again in
tbe early morning.
Miuety per cont of the early risers
end by suffering from insomnia. And
many of them get tho habit becauao
they can not sleep. They are like the
fox in the table. They want every
body else to follow their pernicious
example."
Finally ])r. Forbes Koss declares
that "a mau whojwukes up ot Imh own
accord will do doublo the work of
tbe man who torces himself to get up
early. The thiok-headed, sleepy
clerk is the man who gets to the office
first in the morning. Jle is not
worth bis wages. Tho brightest man
is tbe man who is late beouuse he bas
over slept himself. "
Bill on Mining Patents.
In the limisu ot representatives,
.March '21, 1909. Mr Uoglebrisbt In
troduced the following bill; whicb
was referred to the committee on the
public) hniils and ordered to be
printed.
A bill to amernl section tweuty
tbree bqudred ami tweuty-Hve of the
revised statutes ot the L'uited Static-.
Be it enacted by tbe senate and
house of representative of tbe United
States of America in congress assoui
bled, that section twenty-three nun
dreii^aud tweuty-flve of the revised
statutes of the United btutea be
amended Ijv adding thereto tho fol
inivi iik words:
"All jmti'iitrt for mineral landu
hereafter granted or tanned under oi
by authority ot the United HtatoH
aluill contain a statement of the date
of the location ot the cluint or claims
(ijiDii whicb the granting or issuance
of such patent is based, ami euob
statement shall be prima tucie evi
dt'iico of the date offauoh location."
WHEN BEN
CAME HOME.
LESTER ROSE
Copyright, 1007, liy Homer Sprngue.
» Vesta sank -wcnrlly upon a shoe box
nnd gazed forlornly about her. The
last of the packing was accomplished.
Tho last nail had been driven home
Into the shoe bos, which contained the
books that were to be kept out for the
new homo. The rest of the beloved
library" remained In the cases, gaps
Bhowlng where tho selections had been
made.
The corner of the lower shelf had
been the resting 1 place of the blue and
gllver "Pllgrlm'fi Progress" over since
Vesta could remomber, n book to be
taken out Sunday afternoons and car
ried to the gentle mother, who patient
ly explained time nfter time tho mean
ing of the fascinating woodcuts.
There was n very large gap where
the encyclopedias had been. She bad
bought those with the eggs and butter
money. As her eyes roamed over the
partly filled enses- she could fill every
gap from ma»iory.
And as It was with the books, so was
it with the rest of tho household be
longings. Here nnd there a blank cor
ner reminded her of some familiar ob
ject now stacked in the wood shed.
Very little was to be shipped, for the
way was far nnd freight i*tes were
high. Tomorrow tho neighbors would
gather and John Berwln would hang
out the red flag. By nightfall the
house would be emptied nnd its con
tents scattered through the farmhouses
for miles around.
Tears came unbidden to Vesta's
eyes as she looked about. Her earliest
memories were of tho homely living
room with its rag- carpet and the com
fortable rocking chairs on either side
of the stove In winter or standing In
front of the north windows in ttummer,
when the double sashes were taken
down and tho wind blew through the
house, softly scented by the blooms
from the orchard on the other side of
the well kept fence.
It was the only home Vesta had ever
known. It seemed to the tired girl
that she could never learn to love an
other half so well.
Until her mother's death Vesta had
been shielded from all troubles. After
she had come back from the little
i. BROWN HAND CLOSED OVER IIEU BLEN
DEK FINQEHS.
burial ground on n hill she had found
occupation and forgctfulncss in her
efforts to make her father forgot his
loss. She had even refused to marry
Cen Folsoin because .she luul consid
ered it her duty to stay by her father
and comfort him in his sorrow.
Cen had gone west and she was loft
more than ever alone. Then had come
that terrible day, a year and a week
after her mother's death, when her
father had driven into tho yard with
Sadie Connors, who had been teaching
school over at the corners, and had
announced his marriage.
Vesta tried to learn to love this
gaunt, bustling woman, wlioko every
trait was the antithesis of the woman
whose place she took, but the new
Mrs. lirewster had repulsed every ad
vance. She hated young persons. She
had married to be rid of them, and she
treated the stepdaughter with scant
courtesy.
The ways of tho household were
amended to suit her radical tastes.
The old rockers were sent to tho attic
aa too old fashioned and two upholster
ed monstrosities had taken their places.
The other memorials of Vesta's mother
quickly followed the rockers to the
garret, and the house was completely
changed in appearance, as were the oc
cupants in their attitude toward each
other.
And now even tho old homestead
was to be given up. The fertile farm
was to bo sold and tho household goods
fo bo auctioned offi Mrs. Hrewster
had decided that tho northwest offer
ed greater opportunities for hut- hus
band, and they wore to move to Mani
toba and start afresh In the wheat
belt.
Mrs. llrewster bustled Into the room.
"Come and eat some Hipper," she com
manded. "Don't sit there looking as
though you were too weak to walk.
I've doiie twice »s much &i y<>» have
today, and I got tint BiippT, too, but
| iiou't look half as tiled in you da.
AiHADOR LVAHUAIi JACKSON. UAL
Stop mooning here In the dnrk, an/
come out nnd have n cup of ten."
"I don't feel like eating," nnswored
Vestn. the sob* rising In her throat.
To this woman the abandonment of
the home moaiit nothing, Mho could not
understand what It meant to the gffl,
Mrs. llrewster turned nwn.y.
"You'll be hungry by mid by," *hfi
said sharp! J. "There'll be some cold
things In the pantry, but I'm not going
to make any more ten."
She bttßttf!(] OUt and left Vostn to her
self. Wearily the girl rose from the
box nnd loft the house. Una could
hear her father laughing and Joking
with her sJepmotlier. nnd the noise of
mirth fell offensively upon her curs.
The dusk whs deepening to rtflrk n;id
the nlr was chill, but Vesta tlfct not feel
tho need of a shawl. Shu wandered
down the Pcnd, past the whltt? Rate to
the little brldgtf that spanned tho crock.
Here klic loved to lean upon tho rail
and watcli the sunset over tlsr fertile
fields. Tho sun had long slnco dropped
below the hills, but the glrl'H over
wrought Imagination could conjure up
the scenes of the past. She lenncil
upon the rail and looked out across tin)
Holds, now bristling with the front
kissed stubble. .She could pee again
the glories of the waning day. She
could almost hear a voice whispering
In her car.
Her hands clutched the rough bark
of the wood as in memory she lived
over that night when she had sent Ben
Folsoui away because she thought it
her duty to remain with her father nnd
console him for his loss. She thought
of the sharp faced woman who was
sitting opposite him at the kitchen ta
ble discussing their new home in the
west, nnd then she thought of the gen
tle faced woman who still lived In her
daughter's heart, if not in her hus
band's.
So lost was she in her thoughts that
she never heard the quick tread of an
approaching pedestrian nor heeded his
presence until a brown hand closed
over her slender flngero.
"Did I startle you?" demanded Ben
as she started back with a cry. "I
was on my way to your house. I got
In this afternoon and heard ffie news.
Do you want to go to Canada. Vesta?"
"I would rather die," she murmured
passionately. "It is like a second
burial to go away and leave mother
up there, on the hill all alone."
"And your fnther?" he asked gently.
"Do you still feel that he needs you
more than I do?"
"How much do you need me?" Bhe
demanded shyly.
"So much that I have come almost
across the continent to ask you again
if you w r ill marry me," he declared.
"I have done well out west— far bet
ter than I anticipated. I can buy tho
farm. Perhaps we can arrange with
your father to buy the furniture, too.
and — we will make a new home where
the old one was. Are you -willing,
denr?"
"Not for the sake of a home," said
Vesta softly, "but because you want
me, Ben, and— because I want you, too,
dear."
Wooing the Fickle God.
"I have been troubled with Insomnia
all my life," remarked the 'nervous
mnn, "nnd. like most people similarly
afflicted, I have tried all the familiar
dodges to induce sleep. The results
were never particularly satisfactory
In the way of producing the desired ef
fect until one night I thought I had ac
tually found a' sleep Indncer when I
chanced to grasp one of the rods at
the head of my bed with both hands
and practically hung the weight of my
body on it. That sent me to sleep.
and it did the same thing for a few
times, when, to my extreme disap
pointment. I found It had ceased to
work. I was as badly off as ever re
cently until one night, when 1 had a
bad cough, as well as an attack of
sleeplessness. I tried the well known
remedy of trying to send myself oft*
Into the land of Nod by taking Ion;:,
deep breaths. What It did to me and
has done several times since was not
to only send me to sleep, but to stop
my cough completely before I lost con
sciousness. Just why it did so Is not
of much consequence. That it did so
is the thing that concerns me most."—
New York Press.
Etiquette of the Flag.
The army regulations of the United
States provide that the ling at every
post shnll bo raised at reveille each
morning nnd lowered each evening ut
sunset, while the soldiers stand at sa
lute and the band plays "The Star
Spnngled Banner."
The flag Is never left out overnight
for any reason, except perhaps one.
When a fort or military post Is actual
ly under lire from the enemy the Has
may wave defiantly until hostilities are
over. This was poetically exemplified
In Key's Immortal song, wherein one
line luia It. "Through the night our flag
wus still there!"
At all army posts, moreover, there Is
n special storm Hag, half as large as
the regular post flag, which Is down
In stormy mid windy weather.
Another regulation Ih that on till oc
casions when the flag Is displayed nt
half mast it shall be lowered to that
position from the top of the stuff. It
Is hoisted to the top of the stuff before
It Is finally lowered.— Harper's Weekly.
Smoking In Clubs.
The question of smoking was n burn-
Ing one In the midnlneteentli century,
and it was not until 1815 that White's
gave up a room to the users of tobac
co, nnd In nil clubs tho smokers were
relocated to the most dismal opart*
incuts. It was King Kdward n'llCU
I'rlnco of Wales who broke through
(ho tradition, and when White's re
fused to extend the aocoininodiitloii (or
smokers started the Mui'lboroUfth,
wherein stroking was permitted la cv*
cry part of the house bit the tllnlir/
room.- London CurouM*.
SPARED THE ENEMY.
A Bp*nish Govornor'a Generosity Irr
tho War of 1740.
In the yonr l"l(>. when Hnglnml was
engaged In war with Spain. Captaltv
Edward* of (lie ICllznfieth of London,
coming through the gulf from Jamaica
richly laden, met with n violent storm.
The fillip sprang n lonk that obliged
It to run Into tho port of Ifnvnnn. The
captain wont on shore nnd waited on
the governor and told him of the occa
bloii of his putting In. milling that he
BtiiTondored the ship ns n prize as well
ns himself and crow prisoners of war.
only requesting good quarters.
"No. sir." replied the governor. "If
wo had taken you In fair sea or ap
proaching our own coast with hostile
Intentions, your ship would then be fl
lawful prize and your people prisoners,
but when, distressed by the hand of
Providence, you come to our port for
sufety of your lives we. being men,
though enemies, are bound by tho laws
of humanity to afford relief to tho dis
tressed who ask it of us. We cannot,
oven against our foes, take advantage
of the act of God. You have leave
therefore to unload your ship. If that
bo necessary to stop the leak. You
may fit her hero and traffic so far, be
sides, as shall be needful to pay the
charges. When repaired you may de
part. I will glvo you a pass, to bo In
force till beyotid Bermuda. If after
that you niv ta'eh then you will be a
lawful prl.v. wherens now, as you are
only a stranger, you have v stranger's
rlglit to safety and protection."
Here was fairness. The ship depart
ed and arrived without any further ac
cident in the port of London.
AN ANCIENT BANQUET.
Menu of a Christmas Dinner Sorvod
In Feudal Times.
"A Christmas dinner In feudal times,"
said nn antiquary, "was served at 11
o'clock In the morning. It began with
plum pudding, or plum porridge, as
they called it in their old fashioned
way; a suet pudding stuffed with rai
sins, currants, prunes, mace, cloves
and ginger. ,
"Next came a boar's head on a sliver
platter decorated with holly. This dlsb
was heralded with a flourish of trum
pets nnd the lighting* of the great Yule
log. The head had a lemon In Its
mouth. A hot mustard sauce went
with it
"The third course was a peacock in.
full plumage. Its beak was gilded,
and It was stuffed with spices and:
sweet herbs.
"Geese nnd capons followed drench
ed with amber grease, and then came'
frumenty, for which I'll give you the
recipe."
| The old man read here from bis note
book:
" 'Frumenty.— Take clenn wheat and
brey it In a mortar till tho hulls bo
all gone off and seethe it till it burst
and take it up and let it cool, and
take clean fresh broth and sweet milk-.
of almonds or sweet milk of klne and'
temper it all. and take the yolks of
eggs. 801 lit a little and wet it down'
and mess It forth with fat venison.'
"There were other fixings," the an*
tiquary ended, "such as hacken mu
sage, brawn pudding 1 and souse,- cheese*
apples and nuts. The drinks wer*
beer, rnalvolsle and sherria;sack."
Canaries Steamship Pets.
Few and far between are the steam
ships entering the port of Boston that
cannot boast of a canary, matter
how battered and rusty the craft may
be, one Is pretty sure tD find, the canary
somewhere in the rooms; of the- officers
or crew. Its cage, as a. rule, is a won
derful creation of brass wire and lace,
and tho canary himself usually Is a
singer whose trill and: whistle are of'
the best. The little' songsters appear
to enjoy life on the ocean. Seldom are
they inconvenienced by tho motion of
the vessel, and tho- more the cage
swings from its hoolt tbe more they
warble. Sailors will tell you a canary
Is a mascot. lie- that as It may, th»
canaries are great pets. Frequently
one may see a sailor on the water
front lugging his bird and cage to
some new bertbv— Boston Herald.
A No.-it Bit of Selfishness.
"For several years." said a married
man. "I did not have a taste of tender
loin at home, as I sat nt the bead of
tho table and was compelled to give
that part or the steak to my wife. A
year ago I invited her to sit at the
head of the table and do the caning,
since which time I have always had
the tenderloin, for she politely gives
me the best cut, which I accept indif
ferently, as though I do not know what
It Is. I respectfully lay the suggestion
bcrore the Society of Chuck Kutlng
Husbands."— Atchison Glob©.
Too Rough.
A traveler In the dining car of a rail
road had ordered fried ogjjs for break
fast.
"Can't glvo yo 1 fried aigs, boss," tlio
negro waiter Informed him, "lessen
yo' want to wait till wo stopa."
"Why, how is that?"
f'Well, do cook ho says de road's bo
rough dat ebery time ho tries to fry
aigs dey scrambles."— Life.
Bound to Get There.
"I don't know whether to make a
doctor or a lawyer of John," said tho
old man. "I've got a lawsuit to bo set
tled an* a leg to bo cut off. so I s'poso
I can't miss It far either way."— St.
Louis Republic.
Point of View.
Susie— Wouldn't you like to be as
happy a» a lark?
Johnnie— Naw! Think of tho tturn
they h«ve to get up.— Truth.
h^m4 L. J. Glavinovtti
\ LEADING GROCERY STORE •
• pl§K Groceries, Dry Goods, •'
• S
• ~~^ Furnishing Goods, Boots, -^ ,»,
• a; Shoes, Toilet Articles, •
• e Hardware, Miners' Sup- •
• ,?' plies, Hay, Grain, Etc;. !*
• • •
5 Cor. Main & Court Streets •
Jackson; - - cal. Illiilj;
• o*«o**oo*«oe««e«»»**«>eo*»»o«««*»ft*»9*r)c>oo««e«o««**»*
♦♦♦♦♦♦MM»»»MMMMMM»M»IMMMMMM»MM»MM '
;; FINE ASSORTMENT OF TEA AND COFFEE \\
| CEIERAL GROCERY HOUSi!
\ \ Gi!%. Olver & Wm. J. Nettle, jr., Proprietors;-. ! :
J ; Full Liue of — j >
j. Fresh Groceries, Fruits, Vegetables*. !!
! ; Fresh Fish every Thursday and Friday* ; >
j; North iSlaJn Street Jackson,. Cal. jj
• NOETF THAI!* STREET JACKBOS,: CAL •
j CITY MEAT MARKET:. I
• > 6EO. L. THOMAS A CO. «
t Efeafeirfci Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb?Hams, S
•> Comed Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc, J
• A.t lowest market prices. -* - - Orders promptly delivered. •
• •
i
SAVE MONEY
i
BY USING
| PIONEER FLOUE
Because it will make more loaves;
of bread to the sack than any
other. Made from strongest wheat
— MANUFACTURED .BY,—
®— PIONEER FLOUR ItUfi SAOR3IENTQ 0
FOR RENT — —
The Webb Store Bulling
35x80 feet, either as a whole or
in two separate Stores* The
largest and handsomest build-
ing in Jackson, located in the
business center.
Suitable for any merchandi-
• zing purpose. A splendid oppor-
tunity for business in a thriv-
: ing city.
»
For full particulars, apply to
iOFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National Government.
lEXBOUtfiVB
Proalde-Ht Theodores Hoosovelt
Vice l'roßldont..Chnrlea W. Pith-banks
JUiDICIARY
U. 8. eUPKItttE' COUNT JUBTICKB
(Chief Justice Fuller)
First circuit... ......... .;011v0r VV. Holms
Second circuit.... ilulus'W. I'eckham
Third circuit. ...:.. Henory VV. Brown
Fourth circuit Molvlllo W. Fuller
Fifth circuit (Edward w. White
Sixth circuit.... ..►John iM. Hnrlan
.Seventh circuit 'William It Day
Eight circuit Davtd.J. Mrower
".Ninth circuit Joseph McKonna
NINTH JUDIiCAIj'CinaUIT
(Pacific State« and Torrltorlos)
Circuit judgo William W, Morrow
Circuit judgo lieklro M. Hoss
Circuit judge Will Lam 13. Glllwrt
U. S. Commissioner for Amador coun
ty lUcbaud Wobb
LEGISLATIVE
SENATORS FROM CAMITQKNIA
George C. Perkins and Frank P. Flint
CONOKKSSMEN FROM CAMFOUNIA
First district Wm. Enplebright
Second district. ...Duncan K. McKlnlny
Third distrsct... .Josoph K. Knowland
Fourth district Julius Kahn
Fifth district F>. A. Hayes
Sixth district James C. Needham
Seventh district James McLachlan
Eighth district S. C. Smith
State Government.
EXECUTIVE
Governor James N. Gillett
Lieut-Governor Warren It. Porter
Secretary of State. . . .Charles F. Curry
Controller A. B. Nyo
Treasurer Win. It. Williams
Attorney-General Ulysses S. Webb
Surveyor-General.. Wm. S. Kingsbury
Supt. State Printing.. W. W. Shannon
Clerk Supremo Court. . . F. L. Caughey
JUDICARY
SUPREME COURT
Chief Justice Wm. 11. Bcaty
Associate Justico . . . .T. B. McFarland
Associate Justice P. W. Henshaw
Associate Justice W. G. Lorisran
Associate Justice F. M. Angellottl
Assoctate Justice Luclan Shaw
Associate Ju5tice... ...... .M. C. Sloss
'-•-■>". ' -^-.\'A:,)- ; f\.':: •"»•.'. ' ' •
APPELLATE JUSTICES
First district James A. Cooper
First district ....Samuel P. Hall
First district Frank 11. Kerrigunt
Second district Matthew T. Alfun
Second district James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw
Third district Norton I. Chipm-in
Thi-id. district;, , , , , /Alter! Gr-BunwU
Third tHstl : lut; Elijah C. Hair I
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
First district Joseph H Scott
Second district Alex Brown
Third district Richard E. Collins
Fourth district JelT D. MoElvaine
RAILROAD COMMISSION
First district Alex C. Twrin
Second district Andrew M. Wilson
Third district. .Tboodoro Summerland
LEGISLATIVE
Senator, 10th district A. Caminetti
Assemblyman. 11th dist. .G. F, Snydcr
U. S. LAND OFFICE
[Sacramento]
Register John F. Armstrong
Receiver Will A. Newcum
County Government.
Superior Judgo Hon. It. C. Rust
Sheriff & Tax Collector. ..US Gregory
Deputy W. T. Connors
District Attorney C. P. Viclnl
Clerk and Auditor J. R. Iluborty
Deputy L. Newman
Recorder D. A. l'atterson
Deputy L. G. Meehan
Treasurer George A. Gritton
Assessor C. E . Jur vis
Deputy Georgo A. Gordon
Sur veror Win. Brown
Supt. of Schols W. It. Greenhalgh
Supt. Hospital F. 11. LeMoln
Physician E. E. Endicott, M. D.
Corner & Public Admr. ..11. E. Potter
Court Commissioner. . . .Goo A Gordon
UOAKD OK SUI'EKVISOKS
Township 1.... J0hn Strohm, Jackson
Township -W. Amlck,[Cbairmau]lono
Township II A. Grlllo, Volcano
Township 4D. A. Frusor Sutter Crook
TownshlpS L. Burke, Plymouth
JUSTICES OP THE PEACE
Township No. 1 A. Goldner
Township No. 2 T. 11. Otu-tlln
Township No. a A. W. Robinson
Township No. -1 VV. L. Hoso
Township No. 5 John Mower
CONSTABLKS
Township No. l A. Laverone
Township No. 2 1. K. Kellcy
Township No. 3 T. 0. MoKonzo
Township No. 4 T. S. Tuttlo
Township No. 5 N. K. Whcoler
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weekly for the Ledger.
i'bo I'enuy-intheHlot Milkman. -
J)c(.MinnriiUoii in Small Families.—
Ltmnr Krost.— An Klfoctivo Life
rreserver.— Lightnlna and IYgoh.—
A Worm' With J<uby JlendllKbt.—
Koon-tiyed Homimmbullsm.—Com
lilniitioii Light. — Kouudnbont Poi
soning.
Ono of the most novel nnd roßlly
useful of the automatic delivery [ma
chines in that which Is rapidly be
oomlng populnr in poorer districts in
Koglaud iih v source of milk Biipply.
rlnob reservoir holds twenty quiiita,
and it is provided with a spout,
under which the customer plaooa his
pitcher, a lever handle by whicb a
measure of the fluid Is drawn through
the discharge orifice, nnd a slot con*
trolling simple mechanism by which
the coin roleases tho fluid menHiirod
out. One penny (two cents) delivers
half a pint ot milk. An automatic
stirrer distributes tho cieum uniform
ly, the machine is cooled by ice in
summer, and pure milk is insured lit
the price of that bought over tho
counter— there . being no chunce for
contamination from air or othor
cause. The machines, which are
strong and simple in construction,
can be quickly taken npnrt for tho
rough cleaning and sterilization.
A new race peril is biougbt to
notice by l'rot. Karl Pearson from
his investigations in England on the
inheritance of tuberculosis. He finds
that tlm first ono or two children
born are more likoly than others to
be tuberculous and to inherit defects
of the parents, and the modern
tendency to limit: families to one or
two obilden therefore not only makes
no allowarjoo for tho inevitable waste
of child life, but also must increase
the proportion of weak and diseased
individuals in the community.
Changes on the moon's surface,
especially near the crater Linnneus,
are now recoguized by Pickering,
Barnard, and others. It in conclud
ed that the diminution of a white
patch must be a melting ot hoar frost
at sunrise and Unit the deposition
mid melting of frost must be taking
pluce in other parts ot tho moon.
The impiovod lifebelt ot Jack
t'ocketyn, of Antwerp, which lias
been satisfactorily tested in IJelginm
nnd France, comprises two buoyant
cushions, oijo of which rests on the
ehost and tlip i/Un:v on tho upper part
of the back, Uiti ty>!j (jejug connected
by straps acroSH tU<j elJoaicJ3 r a ' and
bold, ju place by a. waist-strap. Xiie
bolt, neighing C^j to 7 pounds, can
be applied in three seconds. The
iveaier'a mouth and nose must ho
kept always übovo water, even if he
should become exhausted mid lose
consciousness, and his anus and legs
aio lett absolutely tree tor swimming
or otherwise aiding himself. A
special helmet resembling a Xtussiau
cap is designed to accompany the
belt. It protects- the head and neck,
nud carries v email electric lamp
that gives a light easily seen 100 or
iji.HJ yisrilH, and is of gieat service in
night rescue. A small buttery feeds
the lamp for four or five hours.
A widespread belief is that during
a thunderstorm safety may be found
under a beech tree, and that the dan
ger from lightning is llfteeu times as
great under a resinous tree and llfty
times as great under an oak. Dr. A.
W. Hotlh wick, the liritisti naturalist,
tiuds this view to be eutiroly without
foundation. The beech is not avoid
ed by lightning, which selects one
species as teadily na another, but the
taller trees in a neighborhood appear
to be tho ouos liablo to be struck.
The effects of lightning also are com
monly misuuderstood. The cells of a
tree are not ruptured or torn by the
formation of steam, iih so often stated,
but they collapso ur shrink up, with
out ton-ing. Tho roots seoni to eecapo
damage.
A remarkable phosphorescent larva,,
eeemlugly that of some beetle, exists
in liritisb Ciuiaua, whoro it is known
as the "macadoub." Exhibiting a
dead upeolmen at a recent meeting of
tho Lluueun Society of Londou, C.
W. Anderson stated that the live
animal linn a ruby light in its head,
with a double row of phosphorescent
spot? along the body, two ou each
segineut. The lights, instead of being
inteimltteut, nhine continuously.
Au extraordinary aouteuess of via*
iou in the sleep-walking atnto has
attracted the notice of Dr. Jas. W.
Kussell in a girl ot 21 observed last
August at the Hirmiuglmm (lOng. )
hospital. The patient, a teacher,
typewriter and musio student, was
reserved aud more or less hystericul,
nnd In three years she hud had four
t-uamniH of sleep walking, with almost
ulgbtly rising in sleep for sevcrul
weeks at each period. Him usually
lett her bed betweeu 1 uud '2 iv tho
morning, tihe was nut eusily uniiis
FHTIIAV. AVIUh 17, i<>oß
«iil, np|i -initig wido nwnkn but teoog
niziiiK nnhiifly, atifl iv thU condition
eho attempted vnrlons (asks, pluyiim
the piiino, tuning her violin, i tailing,
(■(.iKlying hflrniouy, crocliAtlng nnd
writing lnttnrs. II whh found Mint
this work wiih nlways done In almost
nbfloluto darkness. A letter whh
written to n relatlro, but on being
naked to copy the nddrpss in tho same
light, when awake, she wiih unable to
ccc, and wrote v confused jumblo of
lines one over another. Him crochet
ed wI-11w I- 1 1 nnd wrote a very acnurate
miiflicnl cßMiiy. Tbo . oyea seouied
noimnl. Another curious featuro of
her enso wus llntl, contrary to iminl
experience, shn could recall events o{
hor sleep seeming to have a very clear
recollection of Ilimn.
In tho CRrbo-mei-Gury iucandnscent
lump, designed to ovoroomo the dis
ngreenblo greonmh hue of tho ordinary
mercury vnpor HgLt, h carbon fila
ment in brought to inenndescouco in
mi ouvolopo of mercury vnpor. The
lllnment being ouciosed in a U-tube
ooutninltig it little nmrcury, tho latter
becomes hentncl nnd vHporizod. As
the vapor fills the tube, it carries part
of the current, and tbo carbon Is re
duced iv temperature nnd klowh with
icd-lient, supplying the needed color
correction.
A vienriouti snnko-bite is the curi
ous CHse reported from Shepperton,
Victoria, by Dr. Welchmnu. A small
dog was bitten by a tiuikc, nud iv
turn bit Ii is master, who wus dressing
his wound. The dog died. Tbo man
soon nttorward became drowsy, on
bomg token to a hospital developed
nlnrmiu£ symptoms of snake poison
ing, uud only energetic treatment
saved his lite.
Harsh physios react, weaken the
bowels, cause chronic constipation.
Doun's Kegulets operate easily, tone
the etoniHcli, cure constipation. 25c.
Ask your druggist for them.
vkgvJOt l^ THE¥ETIEATHER
\W3in COMFORT AND
\V#^4\ PROTECTION
vrHrffl' afforded by a
Kt, SLICKER!
/ » \ f \ Clean -Light
I II V Durable
I \pfta. Guaranteed
fli^fevi^ »^° f
V-/ Everywhere
Nj^^^XeOO A j Towr» CO- BOSTON U ft *
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domostlcl
Wines»Liqnors*Ciprs
JACKSON CAL.
DISTUHIUTINO AGENTS FOR J.P. MAR
tell Cognac, Moot &. Chaudon, White Sea 1
ausl rrlviUu uuvii'j Champagne; Morgan Hro.t.
Puerto do Santa Mnriu Sherries: Koyal Wluf
Compi'.ny, Oporto, I'ortWino.s; Duocih Fruros,
Horclestux. Oiarets and SiiUternes ; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sous, Lim
itiij, Walkurville, Onturio, Canada; John ill
Kuypfir& /Joon, Cotteraum, 3in; Gllka Kuiiin-
mel, from J. A, Ullka, Uerlin; Uarthloomaj
Brewery Company, Rochester, N. Y,, Knicker-
bocker Beer; Ujpslioad Urand of Uuinnvss
Stuut and Bass' Alo (bottled by Utfad Bras.
L'indoii): Cantrell & Cochrane, Belfast, Glukim
aio; Nagleii Brandy; ttciai'jorted Amerlcar
Whiskies
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this head, not exceed-
ing ft lines, will be Inserted ut &Oo per month, ur
5 cunts dot line (or less thun one month.
A LL kinds of BliinUs for U, S. Lund Filings—
•"■ Homestead, Timber and Mineral blanks—
may be had ut the Ledger ofllcu; al.so deeds
mortgages, wining locutions, proof of labor
and other lcital blanks kept for sale.
l-'OK SALE.- 2 saddle horses,
specinlly good for cattle; 1 saddle; l l
colts 3 and 4 years; 1 Urtst clii.-s
buggy. John Uiaunini, Drytowu,
Cal. March 0-3t.
Mining Signals on cloth, required
to be posted in all mines, for uule ut
the Ledger ottlce.
For Sale— Lot of benches, formerly
used iu Wubb hall; (i and 8 teet long;
suitable tor show plaao,ehurobes, etc.
Will bo sold cheap; apply ut Ledger
office,
Acknowledgment blanks for notii-
rios, speciHlly printed for Amador
county, may be bad at the Ledger
ottlce. frice fi()o per packet ot f>o.
Copies) of the license ordinance of
tho City of JackeoD in pamphlet form
mtiy bo had at the Ledger olllce; price
15c. each;
, For Sule or Rent. — The Jobua houso
and lot opposite skating riuk ou
Hrimilway street, Jacksou. Inquire
of Wm. (J, Suyder, Jacksou, Cul.
Clump for oneb. — One gentle mure
with huruoss complete, and light
spring wugou. Apply ut E. S. Pitoln,
Jacksou.
Kor Kent— Two front rooms Iu tho
WoliU hull building, Puituhle for
ottlcuH. Apply ut Ledger ottlce.
Furnished lioouis to let: inquire ut
Ledger oil 108.1 08.
WANl'l'Jl). — A situHtiuu us cook or
housekeeper by middle ugud ludy.
I tiquho ut Ledger otlloe. uiur. 20. it
BEAU FIELDING.
H« Wa« tho Enigma of English Soaial
Life In Hi* Day.
Bean Fielding woi a young man of
fashion In tho reign of William tit Ills
bouso V.MS aunipluoiisly furnished, his
hunters, hacks nnd rncers were of
great value, nnd "ha kept a table of
princely hospitality.*! He had no o*
tonslble source of Income, All that was
known of him wns that he was tho
Bfth Bon of Tiioiniis Wilton, nn Impov
erlsliotl ffentleinnn of Lelcottorohlro.
Evelyn doscribca him as a very young
toon, "tlvll fuul Rood nntured. but of
lo forue of character," nnd "very
■ober nnd of Rood fume." All nttempts
to discover his secret were vain. "In
his most cnrelcsi hours of amusement
hi* Uciit a strict guard over Ills tonguo
and loft scnndal to conjecture what It
pleased."
110 redeemed his father's estate and
portioned off his sisters nnd when re
tnonstrnted with on his cxtrnvngunce
replied that, however long his life
Should lust, he would always have
enough to live In the snine wny. Sonus
Bald it was he who had robbed tho
Holland mail, for which nuothor man
had suffered; others that he depended
upon the gambling table, though he
never played for largo sums. He was
the enigma of social life till his career
was cut short by a duel. Ills adversary
was at that lime a young man about
town like himself, John Law, who
afterward became the founder of tho
famous Mississippi scheme by which
half of France was ruined. When the
mysterious Beau died he left only a
few pounds behind him and not a
scrap of evidence to enlighten public
curiosity.
HOT POTS OF HEBER.
Tho Curious Natural Formations
Found In Utah.
Of ever increasing interest to natu
ral curiosity seekers are the hot pots,
about three miles from Ileber City,
Utah, on a branch line of the Denver
and Rio Grande railroad, running up
through picturesque Provo cunyon.
This region is a level plain, upon the
surface of which arise in strunge con
fusion numbers of conical shaped cis
terns, the largest of them being all of
flfty feet high, a hundred feet In diam
eter at the top and twice that at the
base nnd containing in their dark
depths Immense volumes of water
heated to a high temperature in the
furnaces of the earth. The waters con
tain the usual chemical properties of
thermal springs and are used for bath-
Ing and drinking with excellent effects.
These pots have evidently been form
ed by the slow deposition through
countless centuries of the silica and
soda which enter into the composition
of the waters that once welled over
the rim. The hot pots are found In the
midst of cultivated fields and thriving
orchards notwithstanding the peculiar
rockllke soil composition.
One of the marked peculiarities of
the region Is the hollow, rumbling
sound caused by carriages nnd horses
as they move over the roadways for
miles aronnd. "Is there an enormou3
caver u just below the surface and will
it ever cave In V" is the anxious
Inquiry of every visitor alarmed at
tho straugo underground sounds.—Ex
change.
Sweet Cane From a Far Country.
It has been supposed that sugar cone
was tho "sweat cane from a far coun
try," mentioned In Jeremiah vl. 20,
and In Isaiah xllil, 24. According to
Strabo, Nenrchus, the admiral of Alex
ander the Great, describes a kind o£
"honey" from an Indian "reed" which
was probably sugar cane. Europe
seems to be Indebted for the plant to
the Saracens, who Introduced it • Into
Rhodes, Cyprus, Sicily, Crete and Spain
In tho ninth century. The crusaders or
the twelfth century found it in Syria.
The Spaniards and Portuguese carried
It to Madeira and the Canaries In the
fifteenth century, aud on the discovery
of America it was taken to the West
Indies.— New York American.
Real American Aristocracy.
It was through the Declaration of
Independence that we Americans ac
knowledge the eternal Inequality of
man, for by it we abolished a cut and
dried aristocracy. We had seen little
men artificially held up In high places
nnd great men artificially held down in
low places, aud our own justice lovlug
hearts abhorred this violence to human
nature. "Let the best mau win." That
Is America's word. That Is true democ
racy. And true democracy and true
aristocracy are one and the same thing.
—Owen Wlster iv "The Virginian."
An Embarrassing Explanation.
"Why do you charge me 25 cents
wheu your sign sayo. 'First class hair
cut. 15 ceutsV" demanded the Indig
nant customer. The small French bar
ber shrugged his shoulders and lifted
hlB eyebrows.
"Pnrdon, monsieur." he returned
softly, "but It Is; not all who come to
me that huve the first class hair."
Collections.
"My collection," said tuo numisma
tist proudly. "Is worth $10,000 and
every coin geuulno."
"Mine." said tho minister sadly. "Is
worth ahout $7.03 a Sunday, and I
have to tuke my chances on tho colus
being good."— Cleveland Leader.
Would Take a Chance.
"Not a cent." replied the rich man
coldly. "Money is not good for tho
poor."
"Well." responded the applicant.
"Just pretend that you huvo a grudge
against me."— Uxchungc.
When faith is lost uml honor dies,
the inuu is dead.— Whittle r.
ESTABLISHED 1855.
TIIH
AMADOR LED6ER
Tublishcd In the Center of the Richest
Mother Lode Gold Belt.
Printed every Friday Afternoon.
R. Webb, Kditor and Proprietor. M. I<\ Cai.kixs, Business Manager
Tlxe Oldest
H^dlost HrLflijLential
m Wi6L<3l m x7 m Circ-CLla-tsd.,
j&jn.cL 0rL137- I=2:irLt
Paper published in Amador County.
The Best Advertising Medium
Republican is politics
But the slave of no party
And the foe of all political and Official Cliques and Rings
Free and Independent in the discussion of all matters pertaining to
to the Local Government
Fearless in the ventillation and exposure of Official Wrong Doing
The Paper for the Family
For the Farmer
For the Miner
For the Merchant and Business Man
For the Taxpayers and Citizens Generally
Two Dollars per year]
If paid strictly in advance; otherwise §2.50 will be charged.
OUR CLUBBING RATES:
Ledger and Dally Call, one year.s 9 00 Ledger and Weekly Chicago In-
Leciger and Weekly Call one year 320 tßr-Oa»n ......
Ledger and Cosmopolitan Maga-
Lec-fei' and Daily Chronicle, one £ [ QQ ono y ear 275
year 9 00 Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
Lecgcr nd Weekly Chronicle, year, including Iroe pattern 250
ono year 3 00 Ledger and Pandex of tho Press 2 75
Ledger and Daily Examiner lyear 900 Ledger and Pictorial Review.... 250
Our Job Printing Department
Is tho most Complete to be found hit the mountains.
Up-to-date presses, Simplex Typesetting Machine, Folder, Perforating
Machine, Numbering and Punching Machines.
We buy our paper stcck from Manufacturers at Bottom prices.
Billheads, Letter Heads, Statements.
Pamphlets, Posters, Dodgers,
Checks, Receipts, Tags,
Business and Visiting Cards,
Programs, Etc.
All kinds of Legal 'Blanks, Briefs and Transcripts printed promptly and
neatly. In short, wo can do anything in the printing line
OTTIEe IF^ICES axe IKICKEaiT
WcJCan an Do Compete with City Prices.
If you have anything in the printing line, don't send it away but pat
ronlfce homo industry8
LOCAL EDITORIAL COLUMN.
THE ANTI-CORPORATION HOWL.
The prejudice of the San Francisco press toward its public
utility corporations is amazing. The persistent knocking of
these companies is anything but a favorable omen for the
city. San Francisco will continue to grow, in spite of tin's
insane warfare against the big enterprises which are vitally
wrapped up in its upbuilding. That this handicap retards
its progress is beyond question. The Call is especially hurt
ful in this direction. Any proposition advanced for placing
the Spring Valley Water Company or the United Railroads
on a better footing with the public is jumped upon as detri
mental to the city. The arguments advanced to impress this
view upon the people are transparent sophistry, nevertheless
they have au effect. Recently, the Spring Valley company
— involved in a legal war for the last six years against rates
oppressively low — proposed a basis of increase that would en
able the company to undertake certain essen
tial to the warding off of a water famine, aud also pay a small
dividend to the stockholders. This was preposterous, accor
ding to the yellow press. It was asking the public to furnish
money for improvements, and paj' interest on it besides. If
such were the naked truth there would be nothing so very
shocking about it. Every successful business is built up in
just that way. The customers furnish the funds to extend
the business, and pay iuterest on the increased investment.
A man would be foolish to embark in business with any
other prospect in view. It would mean that, in order to keep
pace with his business he would have to be everlastingly dig
ging up money from a source altogether apart from the
profits derived from his business. In other words the profits
would be held at such a low point that provision for branch- 1
ing out would be out of the question. Such a policy carried
to its logical issue would strangle any legitimate enterprise.
No doubt wiser counsels will ultimately prevail as the out
come of the years of friction, enabling the corporations to
develop their properties, and at the same time treat their
patrons and stockholders justly.
BRYAN IN THE LEAD.
W. J. Bryan is not to have a walkover for the democratic
nomination. While he is still far and away in the lead,
strong forces are working to throw the nomination elsewhere.
Johnston of Minnesota and Judge Gray , of Delaware have
stepped into the arena as candidates. New York has com
plicated matters by refusing to instruct her delegation for
Bryan. This is a decided set-back for the Bryanites, as the
voice of New York is a potent factor in the national demo
cratic convention. Without the vote of the Empire state it
is almost impossible to figure out a majority for their ticket
on any reasonable basis. The republicans, however, are not
so dependent upon the vote of that state. The action of the
New York democrats is not to be taken as a slap at the
aspirations of the Nebraskan candidate. It does not imply
that the delegates are emphatically opposed to Bryan. They
simply meant to go unpledged; free to act as their judgment
may dictate when confronted with the circumstances develop
ed when the nominating body meets. After all, Bryan has
by far the best show to capture the prize, notwithstanding
his double defeat. His hold upon the masses of the part}'
is unbroken. Plis theories of government are unpopular,
and perhaps impracticable, but his magnetism is umimpair
ed. Between now and convention time things may change
but the outlook is favorable for Bryan for a third-time
nomination, which means a third-time defeat.
Notice to Creditors.
Estato of James I'. Drew deceased.
Notice in Licit by fc'iveu by the
undersigned, udruialstrcitor ot the.
estate of •James }'. UrewJ deceased, to
the creditors of nud all [ler&ung liuv-
iug cliiims ngaltßt i.'n." Bald deceased,
to exhibit tliem, «itr.i tho iiecessaiy
vouchers, within lour mouths otte.r
the first publlontiou nt ttiis uotice to
the said iiduiinlstiutor nt the law
otßeo of Win. J. MoUee, Uunrfc street,
Juckanu, Cal., the name- lieiug lh«
place for tho tnmsHctioii of tlio busi-
ness of snid ostate, in snid Atuador
county.
JJated, Marrli 121, 100S.
11. i:. FOTTEtt,
Administrator with the will annex-
ed of tho estuto of Juniea I'. Drew,
Wm. J. Malice, attorney tor ndrniii-
istititor. inui. "JT-.-Jt
Sucsut Vale 1771 Ciiiitiil d'tl
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dross Goods.
Silks, Blankets, ami Curtains
A Specialty, i
1012-lOth 6t Sacramento
O A. m W «*-> 3Tt X -A. .
B.ar 9 the j?^ Kind Ycu Hata Alotw Bought
What Do They Cure?
Tho above question is often asked con-
ccmincc \)r. Pierce's two loading raedi-
clnns, '"Goldon Medical Discovery" iind
"Favorite Prescription."
Tho answer is that "Goldnn Jlndical
Discovery "la a most potent altnrutlvis or
blood-purlflor, and tonic or Invlgorutor
and acts ospocially favorably in a curu-
tlvo way upon till tho mucous lining sur-
facca, sis ot tht) nasal pasßages, throat,
bronchial tubes, stomach, bowels and
blat'.dcifrcurins a lar^o percent, of catar-
rhal casw.i whether ifio diyeusc atl'ects the
nasal paitsaijes, the urswit, larynx, bron-
chia, stomaclKCas cmarN*al dyspupsfa),
bowels (us niu\oiiii>^i'srcJi>vJ. bladder,
uterus or other pTHvic ovglTi''."^ ExC-iJI!
th"pjiroiilp r.~ iilair:Ltivo *\n%(><tu{i}ii:-ii>
•j,|jj-i;jums, jf, i^ pft.o|i gnf jv-ssf lll in allcct-
{rur » ' ~~
"]n; " Fii\-or!t"_P.q'2crlntlpn "Is advlant)
for inn <I<2DiJ.'.Ll''lii t'Jitssof (liscast's — ttirlsn
Ji'-siliiiw Nvciiii'.i'n^ir^ 'cli'-iTrti2"riffTits u.w]
lrn^iiUriU''-<JniM«'ui tij.\vuMi'Mi/TilT*y/~n
is a poworfill yol gi.nuy iictiiiij iiivij/urat*
Ing tonlo and ntsrvinn. For woak worn-
out, ovcr-workocl women— no mattor what
iuis causod tim broak-down, "Favorite
l'rencrlptlon ?.wlll bn foumi moit effectlvo
In bullulng up the ftrength, regulating
tliti womanly functions, suliduing pain
and bringing about a healthy, viKorouj
condition of tho wholo Bystom,
A book of partloulan wraps each bottle
irlvlng thn furinuliuof botli iiiodiclnos aud
quoting what Bcoroa of eminent incd-
Icai authors, whose works uro consulted
by phytlciana <^f all theechoolsof practice
as guides in prescribing, say of each In-
grodit'iit entering Into these medicines,
Tho words of praise bestowed on tin)
several Ingredlonts entering Into Doctor
Pleroe's medicines by sucli writers should
havo more wHght than any amount of
Don • professional testimonials, becaimo
such mon aro writing for tho Kiiiduiieo of
their medical brethren and know whereof
tii'-y ipoaUi
Jiotli medlelnos aro non-alcoholic, non-
Hticre!. and contain no harmful habit"
forming drugs* being composed of (flycerio
extracts of tim roots of native, American
medicinal forest plants They aro both
sold by dealen in medicine, You can't
afl'ortl to accept us a substitute for ono of
tlioso medicine.'! of known composition,
any secret nostrum,
i)r. I'iorcfi's l'cllots. small. suKar-coated,
i ;isy to take us candy, rouulato and iu-
VlKorato ttouiuch, llvur and bowyls.
AMADOU LEl)Gl<:i?, TACKSCXN, CAL.
IIODSON
?a The Photographer^
ENLARGED^PICTURES
photos
I
214 S San Joaqtiin st.
STOCKTON
813 K st SACRAMENTO
1250 Clay st OAKLAND
Bids for Stationary.
Troposiils are iuvited for furnishing
the county with stationery and wood
at the court house, aud lor provisions,
clothing and wood nt tho hospital for
tho ensuing year. Some iuterost is
attached to tho flawing of the adver
tisement for stationery this voar, iv
viow of tlio sbowiuK up of tho absurdi
ties of the uotißos for tlieso anpplies
which havo cliuracturizod tho adver
tisuniout for yeurs past It ia notice
able that nemly all the jokers that
figured in the lists ot late yours have
boeu eliminated. The articles re
quired are nearly all set forth in
intelligiblo language, and tho quanti
ties likewinn. The No. 2 quality of
billcap, lottoroap, etc., hns been
Btrickeu out under the showing up of
last yours' bid that no good object
could bo served by its retention.
Furthermore, tho bid for blottiug
paper by the ream of full sized sheets
has been discarded, aud tne bid is
per dozen of blotters 4xl) inches.
The envelop department is still open
to criticism, as it ualls for bids for
No. 1 and No. 5S XXX rag, of dilter
ent sizes. Whatever No. t! XXX rag
means we are not prepared to bay.
liowevor, the form of the notice is
a decided improvement upon that of
late years, aud leaves few loopholes
for sharp practice.
Tho ledger's vuutillntinn of this
subject has biought this about, liids
will be opened by the supervisors on
tbo first Monday of May.
THE AWADOR SOCIETY.
At a meeting held iv 1. O. O. F.
hall 2crd, Avenue, Oakland, recently
an organization was formed to be
known as the Amador Society, to be
composed of all persona that formerly
resided in Amador county,' and for
the purpose of bringing together old
friends and associates. The object of
tho society is to record and proserro
tho history and renaissances now
resting in the minds of former resi
dents, to promote social intorooui&e,
to renew old time friendships, and
generally to benefit each other iv all
possible ways, and to make life more
pleasant for all. Tho first' nnnual
meeting will be celobiated with a
basket picnic to bo held ut titege.
The placo .is an ideal cpot to hold a
picnic in, it is easy of nocess, and
one of the most beautiful places
ii ro^nd the bay, being on tho electric
ruarl running to liichmotul. Parties
coming from Ban Francisco should
take the Key Koute boat and take the
electric car that stops at ■l.'Jt.h titid
Han I'nblo avenue, take the county
line car to tlio comity lino and then
take the Kiuhniond oar to .'•Siege.
Parties from Oakland should take the
county lino car at 12th and lirond
way, ride to the county lino nud take
tlio ICichmond cur to Stego.
All porsorib now residing in Atuu
dor county aro cordially invited to be
present. Lunch served at noon, pro
gram immediately ulterwards.— Com
municated.
Church Notes.
On Etister Sunday servloes will bo
conducted id iho Method ißt church as
follows: Iho pastor will preach in
tho morning on "tho reeuireotlon ot
Christ," and iv tho evening «v "Tho
world 'a darkness, ami tho world's
light."
Suoniul Easter inusiu ut ouch service
by a largo choir. Mi'k 11010 ami Mlaa
Norma Smith will ting bolob. Buverul
oblldren will bo baptized, Ttinae '■■i.v
oauuot bring their chlldreu in the
wording to rcccivii Christian bapUsiu
may bring them in tho evening. All
are eoidiully invitod to tittend tbeve
services,
How's Tins!
Wo offer Ono llundrotl Dollars K<>
ward for any eumt of Catarrh that can.
not be cured by Hull's Catarrh Cure.
V. .1. Cheney &Co;Toledo',o.
Wo, tho undersigned, have known p,
j.Chonoy honorable in all buslnesu tran.
ciictioiirfiinaiicially abln tOQ&trjr out any
obliyatioiis murio by his Una.
Waldlngj Kininin A; Marvin,
Wholesale drujfgliti, Toledo, O,
Itali'i* (y'utiti'rh Cum U tukon lotera«
ally U'-ti ny directly upon tho blood, uad
nuoous suWsoMßof the nystom. Te»tl>
moniitls Mint free. I'iico 75 oonts pi r
bottlo. Sold by all druggtitg,
IONJO.
April 10.— Miss (Jertrude MqUaff of
Lodl. Ima been a Riicst at Iho Alar
clinitt homo this week.
Klworlh Adams ennio up from
)!otkel(>y Hnturday, for h visit with
thn homn folks.
Lnut Wednesday n Imnd of Hindus
who hnvo been working sonio dlstanco
from town put in their appearance
on the stionts, nud it was rumored
flint thoy wbio to Ijo hired by ono of
tone's lending citizens. This aroused
thn indignation of tho people, and a
committee was formed, which quietly
requested tho Hindus to depart.
Accordingly tho following morning
they wore soon leaving town which
avortod any further diuturbanuo.
Attbur winter, who has been nt-
Icntliiif! M'linol in Sun Kranoiscn, re
turned home Saturday for his Kiinimor
vacntinn.
Tlio Inno high school held tboir
annual Hold day last Saturday. Knees
nnd liii/h jumping were Indulged in
until noon, when they all spread the
liuicli which oacli ono had propurorl,
anil iiißdn merry the time until thoy
gtßrtcd tor homo.
Tim furniors were in linpos that tlio
clouds which have I'een hovering
around tho last fow days would trine
rain, but it is toarod they will be
dooniod to disappointment.
Mrs Cbas. liurlmiik is visiting iv
Han I'Vauciscu, tnr a couple of
weeks,
Mrs Claude Wilson who has been
visitiug her sister, Mrs Ueo. Ynner,
returned to her hornb in Uleta Sun
day.
Draper & N'iohols have had a water
ing troucli placed m front of their
shop, which groatly adds to the con
venience of their patrons.
Mrs Vorna Lyons of Stockton, is
visiting her pnrentd iv tlio Alt. Kcho
district.
Miss Florence Fassett returned
homo Monday, after a week's vieit
with relatives nnd friends m Stock
ton, lonoite.
Died in Oakland.
John Uiauniiii or Drytown, died in
Oakland on Wednesday last. Ho bud
beeu ill for a Jong tinio, and Ictt his
homo at Drytown on Sunday April 5,
on a visit to a relative in the city,
and also for medical advice. The
rctnuius were brought to Drytown,
whore the funeral will be held this
afternoon, under the auspices ot the
Odd Fellows Lodge of Plymouth. Ho
was also n member of tho A. O. U. \V.
He was 58 ynars ut age, and a native
ot Switzerland, lie camo to Amador
county in 18ti7. Ho leaves a wife,
also a son and daughter, one sister
and four brothers, une of whom is
Florence Uiaunini proprietor of the
hotel at Drytown.
Delinquent Sale Notice
of tho Jnso Gulch Mining Company a corpora
iloii Uuly orKaulzud anU existing uudcr uud
by' virtue of the laws ot thostato of California.
bavlDg its ofllcu ant] principal plauo of business
at limit! li.isin. (Jackson post ottice) Amador
county. Californiu, anil its property and works
at the same placo.
Notloo —There are delinquent upon tho fol-
lowiiig ilt.'Hcriht'il stock, on uccount of assess-
ment levied on the Bth day of .Jauuary, 1908,
the Heveral amounts set opposite the mimes
of the respective shareholders, as follows:
No. J\'o.
Name. Cert. Shares Ain't.
!•'. K. -Armstrong 10';) 3000 81"j().00
KK. Aruiatrouß iIOO 1000 50.00
l'\ K Armstrong US 1.65
K E. Armetroug 257 10G7 51J.35
John Armstrong 1!J8 500 25.00
Mary Armstrong 232 200 ]0
Fanuie Armstrong M'S.i 200 10
Kuth Armstrong 2'M 200 10
Jaok Armstrong 234 200 10
Word Armstrong 2H5 200 10
A. 11. Uroud 202 :iOOO 180
A. H. Uroad 207 i'.'/.i 21.05
A. Jl. ihoacl 2UO 200 10
A. 11. Hroiid 250 1007 53.35
Mra J. M. Uroad 210 200 10
Ursula K. Hroad 2J15 200 " 10
Clay Crane • 00 200 10
Clay Crane 175 20 1,00
L». M. KurweJl i:« 3UO 15.00
I' 1 . i\l. Karvvell 145 500 liS
il'.i 1 '. M. Harwell IJU 000 2a
K. M. Fnrwell 14(5 500 25
V, M. Farwoll 18] 50 2.50
F. JVI. l-'Hiwell 21'J 500 'iu
I'. M. Harwell 230 17 .85
F. M. Fit r wo ll 2UH 2000 100
U. W, iliiined <J ]000 50
li. W. JiiiituiS 30 1000 50
U. W. liainos 11 500 I JS
(J. W. lltmiGS 01 500 25
C>. W. Hniuea 75 1000 50
(j. W. Hniuea 77 500 25
(!. W. Hniuea 211 :iOO 15
Lauru (i. Jlainea 55 200 1(1
IJ. J. lloult IJO 100 5
1). J. lloult li2 100 5
BM JJicUkibothnini:U 'JOO 10
tibl llickiubotlminloS 200 10
J I1I 1 Little 15 1000 50
J. 1\ Littlo 122 100 5
J. I'. Littlo VM 100 5
10. J. F. Meroux Xi 200 10
K, J. F. Muioux l~:i 20 1
Mrs Annie MaPhee 260 «o :<
KicliHi-d Mooro 215 . 500 25
I'eter C. Nelsou 81 500 25
Foter (J. Nelson IDI 50 2.50
I'oter C. Nelsou 270 220 ]l
Mubßl 11. KoBB y:« 2U) 10
Mabol 11. Koss 203 HCu 11)
(J. M. Wbltuoy 121 2,0 10J
O. M. Whitney 20(1 300 Iu
Jl. L. Wliituey 190 3100 170
C'lnra Z Fur well 240 2l»> 10
Ami Iu i'.ecoril:irico with law, aud an order C(
tin) Jtuurd uf Directors mude on tliu klxUi
il..y of JiiDU'kry, 1008. so tiiiLiiy Hbttl'OS of
ettub purcol <>f such stock as tnuy bo Deoea<
Hiiry will he sold at public itiKsllou
al the otlloe of tli« company ami Secni-
t;ir,v at liuttull;is:iu, Amudor eouuty,(.'ullforniu,
on tho KKUONU day of MAIt'JII jwtis, at the
liour of ten o'clock u, in., of suul day,
to pay dellutjueut assusKincut thereou, together
with t-o-Li-i hi advertising aud expetiKUH ni uulu
J I'. I.ITTI.K,
Socrctary of Urn Joho Qulob MlMlnt? Com-
i-;-:iv. Olttoe at Iliitto UiulDi (Jueksun jwut
olllco), Amudtir County, Califuiuia
I'OSTI'ONKMKNT.
l'liiauunt to h roHolution nt the'
liouid ot Directors of tho ju,-n Unlcb
Mining Uompauy pasiod ut u regular
meetiufl held on Mouday, Maioh '2,
r.MPj, the ualu tit above denorlbed
Httntk iir.H baeu postponed to Mond.iy,
AJity 1, 100H, nt ivblub. tinio, it puy-
iii. Mi! in not made Ijuturu, mud itook
will bo Hold.
J. 11.I 1 . UtTLK,
Ueoretnry of Juho (iuluh Mining
('(jiii|miiy, (illii-o at iiutle IS;*.- in i.luci.-
mii I'ini ollluo), Amudor county,
Callforuia. c.,,..,. „, #
used over
Seventy Year- S
3& flrhm'-kN Mnnrtmlin Pill< Imvo l.i>cn "At*
H IIou»ehoM Word" In tlio hnmiH of Ilia ftl
United Slnlon through three grnnriitloni. Bl
TI.Hr Purity nnd Alwiinte Harm- Bl
leanness, nn well m their unfailing efll- p
nicy, Imvit flrtnly eatnlillahe.(l them tin a B
household niHcMlty. F-t
SCHENCK'S H
Mandrake Pills 1
For fWtlpntlnn, Tnillncullnn, Sick B
Ilcndnrlie, (dddlncfii, Nntnea, Flntalxney E
and Illllouanpsii, Mrer I'omiilaint, .(mm- HI
dlco, etc. S3
Schonclt's Mandrako Pills I
"Liven Iho Llvor," |1
giving hentth, enorßjr nnd pood Fplritn. Fl
For ««1» »Tprywhoro. I'lnln or Sugar H
9 Coated. a$ centt n hox, or hy mnll. Fi
H Dr. J. H. Bchenok & Son, la
Fhiladolphia, Fa. M*
Notice to Creditors.
Kstnto ot Joseph Mnnloy decensed.
Notice is hereby guru hy the
uudorsigued, twlministnitor ot the
estnto of Joeeph Mauley, deceased, to
the creditors of tmd all pprsous hsiv-
ing clnitns auniust the snid decousud,
tn exhibit them, with the necessary
voucbeis, within four mouths after.
tho first publication of thin notice to
tho Haiti nduiiniatrntorj at the law
ofHco of \V. J. Alctiee, Court street,
Jacksou, Cal., thn same lining Mm
place for the transaction of tho busi-
ness of Maid estato, iu said Annul or
county.
Uated, March 21, IDUH.
H. E. POTTER,
Administrator of tho estate of
Joseph Mauley deceased.
Wm. J. McOeo. uttoruer for admin-
istrator, mar. 27-5t
We are a
Commercial. Bank
Which moans that we
are prepared to grant
to tho merchant, the
farmer and tho profes-
sional man every ac-
commodation consist-
ent with sound bank-
ing
BANK OF AMADOR COUNTY
Julius Chichizola, President
C. L. Culbert, Cashier
••a00«oet«*«ea«oc*c9«oao«o
I DAILY STAGE LINE |
• BETWEEN a
• JACKSON and EL DORADO \
Q O
• J. StcJncr, Proprietor. o
• o
? Leaves Jucksou nvt-ry mornliu; at 7:30 ?
0 a.m.: arrives nt l'lymnuih IU:3O u. m. tt
• Leaves Plymouth at Ip.m.; urrlvos ut 9
J El Dorado sp. m. J
J Leaves Kl Dorado 7:15 a. m ; arrives J
O at Plymouth 11 n. m. Leaves Plymouth «
• ut. 2p. in. ; arrives In Jackson at S p. tn. •
o a
2 Offices — Jachson. National Hotel: Silt- H
a tor Creek, American KxchanKo: Ainu- w
S ilor City, Amiulor Hotnl: DryUiwu. Kx- J;
J cbango; I'lymouth, Korest House. J,
• «
• Prompt delivery ol packages. O
» O
• This Une connects with passenger •
• trains to and from I'lucurvllle. •
O •
% THROUCH FARE - - - - 52.50 %
<y e
O Fifty pounds of baKtfnitu frt)«. *i
e «*
oftvoeeaseesoecotttecisaeoso
• •*
9 GO TO THE B
9 ot
filll Mini
o When You lil^TO A1 > *
» Want ires a JJlti'jjfliJ «
i l mi wo i a prors- I
C) _ «
W " ' !»
J* Wo alsojlteop u lur(?t! NtocUof StuoiB •
l * auil Fuiicj 1 J^
5 &ROCERIES I
Our Specialty— Freshißroad every day m
except Swdoy «
If You Want
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING HUT
Rukstallcr's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Malt
SACIiAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. myC9
Semi-Annual Report
-Ol<'-
Public Administrator
Of Amador County.
To Iho llonotahlo H, (J. liust, Jiklro
nt tlio eiiporior court of Amador
county, Calif oru la:
'L'he nruinißlKned, Hie l'libHo Admin-
Istrattir of Amudor jiounty, purmiiint
tn tho pioviaiorifl ot Hecitlou ITM of
the Uode of Civil Piocedure of tho
Slnto of Uflllfoi'tllß, lioreby makes to
tho superior court nt Atnndnr county,
under «mtti, a return of ail the estates
of deewlontu which Imvo come into
his hands up l;o .ißimary ]gt, IUUB,
tlio valuo ot ench ostnto. according to'
tho invoiitorvnnd Hppraisenißiit there-
ot, tho money which lms come into
his hiindH from every such estnto and
what ho lihs donu with it, and the
iimnunt of hiH feea mid oxponses in-
curred in onch ostuti', nnd the bill-
Dtioo, if any. In eonh such estate re-
maining iu his Itmiilsi.
U. E. POTTKR.
Nnmo ot decensed Mary Thomsen
Appiniflod vnlue of estate 81)50.05
Cash received 5'.):}. 05
Exponsos of administration,
debtfl, nud Junornl o.xpouses 222.90
Halnneo on hand .'170.15
This ostato is still iu progress of
ndmiuistiation aud there nre further
claims and oxpeusea of administration
to tie paid.
State uf California
County of Amador. • 8S
IJ. E. i'ottor, tho Public Adminis-
trator of Amador county, aftor being
duly sworn, deposes nnd says:
1 was during all tlio times mention-
ed in tho foregoing statement, the
duly elected, qunlifled nud actiug
public administrator of Amador
county; 1 have road the foregoiDg
return made on this day by me, to
the superior court of Amador county,
and kuow tho contents thereof, aud say
upon my oath, that the same is true
to the best ot my knowledge, in-
formation and belief.
H. E. POTTJBH.
Subscribod and sworn to before me
this sth day of March, IWO3.
(Seal) John lilower,
Notary Public in nnd tor Amador
county, California.
Notice for Publication. 295
IJopHitnient of tbo Interior, Land
Office at HHCiuuionto. Calif. War. 13.
11)03.
Notice is lieroby given that James
M. Stowe, of Defender, Calif., has
lilod uotico of his intention to make
Hnal five year proof iu support of his
claim, viz: Homestead Entry No.
V4'J5 made Sept. 1!), 1902, lor the K %,
of N K'4, hoc. 11, aud W of NW }£,
aectiou 12, township 7 N. raupe 13 J'J,
Al. J). Al., and that yaiil proof will
be made before the U. a. Commia-
eicuer for Amador county, California,
at hiH orhVo iu Jackson, California,
on Monday. April 20, l<)08.
He names the tallowing witnesses
to prove his continuous residence up.
on, and cultivation of, the land, viz:
\V. I'j. lloss, Henry Chapman, A.
K. Simpson and W. C. lloss all of
Defender, Calif.
• JOHN b. ARMSTKONG,
Mar. 20 Kegister.
Notice for Publication. 296
DopHi-tment of the interior, Land
OtHce lit Hacnmieuto, Calif. , Mar. 13,
0108.
Notice is hereby givon that Walter
A. JJiilo, of Volcano, Calif., has iilod
notice of his intention to make linttl
live yenr proof iu support of his
clnini, viz: llotnestoud Entry No.
7077 niiido Mny 8, ISIOI, for the NJ^
of S 10 ',;, S W }i of S K H ond S E %
ot S W \£\ SL'ction 7, township 7 N.,
range 12 K.. M. I). M., aud tbnt said
pioot will be mado beforo tho U. K.
Commisfiiouer tor Amndor county,
California ut his otliee in Jnckson,
Calil., on Monday, April 20, 1!)0H.
lie names the following witneseefl
to provo his continuous residence
upon, nnd cultivation; of, the hind,
viz: -
A. li. McLmighlin, (!eo. W. Smith
nud Haniuel C. Stowers of Volcuuo,
Calif., and T. C. Htowers of Oelta,
Calif.
JOHN F. AKMSTJiONU,
Mar. 20 Register.
Notice to Creditors.
I'Mnte of I). MnrtiML'tti, doeeuKod.
Notloo ia hereby givon hy the under-
signed administrator of the estate ot
I). Murtlnetti, rloceaaed, to the
ureditora of nud nil porsous having
ulhlqib iij-'iiinst tho said decensed, to
exhibit them, with the neeessary
rouchorH, within tour mouths utter
the ili-!-t pnblioatloa of this notice to
tho Bind administrator, at tho law
oftico ot Wm. J. Mo(Jeo, Court utreot,
.hiukson, the game being (ho place for
tho traneaotlon of the business ~of
snid ofitato, iu said county of Ainador.
Uated, March 10, I'JOH.
11. K. POTTER
Admlnietratoi of tho estate of 1),
Maitiuetti, deoeosod.
Wm. J. MoUee,
Attorney lor udininißtrator.
mar. 20-5t
Notice to Creditors,
Instate ot Tody JJii/.olicli dnoeased.
Adluii) in Jieroby givon hy thn
uriderelguecj admiuistrutor ot the
estate of Tedy Jiir/.olioli, deceased, to
tho uroditoiH uf and ull ixu'hohs i Imv-
lug olainiß mjaiiiHt thu hhiil deceased,
tu exhibit them with tlio necessary
vouchers within fuur mouths utter
tim first publication ut tins uotloe to
tliu suiil iidiniu intrator at tho law
olllco ot Wm. J. Motieo, Court ntroet,
JnokHon, (,'til., the tauie being the
place for tho traiisiu titm of tliu huhi-
iiobti of nit id estate iu stud Anmdor
county.
Uatod March Bl 1(H»H.
11. !•:. I'OT'i'KH,
AdininlHtiator ot tlie estate of Tidy
liir/olich, dooeuaedi
Win. J. MoUee, uttoruey for udaiiu-
i-tuitor. mur. 'li 01