OLDEST PAPER
LARGEST CIBCULAI ON
It Pays the Business Han to Adver
ti • in th« Ledger.
■*■■ .., . .<■■ r- ■
Established Oc»btf 27, 1855.
LAWYRUS.
ttfM, b, SKVIJKIIi I
Att.ornejrHtt-I.lWf
JACKSON, CkL.
Office In Morollß Hulltllng/Court street.
Will practice In nil tlio couulsof the state, fo
DOCTORS.
EX. KXOICOTT, M. !>•
riiynlclHii iiml Hurgcon
Jackson, Oai..
office: Webb building. All culls promptly
attended to at nil times,
J-yt. FBKD I\ SI'HAiU X
I'h.vnlrluu »ii<l Sursoon
JACKSON. CAL.
Ornoß-NText door to residence, north Main
street, opposite Cnltfornln hotel.
Tolephonc Main 'XI
r\|{. A. M. UAIX
Physician ami Surgeon ,
JACKSON. CAL
Office in Marelln building. Main Street.
y> S. CIOODMAM M «>
I'iiyslctan iiml Surgeon
SUTTEK CREEK, CAL.
T|l!. £,:«.LVNCU
Physician and Surseon
T , omce, Main 20
Husidcnce, Main 27
Amador City, Cai.
, f^: ~"~
p I". WAI.KKB, M. I>.
'* Practice llmilcil I" (Upases of
EYE, EMI, NOSE and THROAT
Office— 7-8. Baldwiu Bldgi, (over Smith k I.nng'a
STOCKTON, I.AL. ] > :!1
DENTISTS.
f-vIJ. J. IJ. POOARTV
Dentist,
JACKSON, CAL.
omeoa In Kar»ulldtn?,Malnstroßt.
Hours 9to 5. ' . Telephone UlacU 363
f\R. JOHN A. DKLUCOHI
-DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
OrricE Hohes:— From 9 n. m. to 5 p. m.
I \lt A. W. SUTIIKKLANU
DENTIST
JACKSON, CAL.
Telephone', Mnin 51. Hours 9-5
-piCIIAKU WEllll
United States Commissioner
JACKSON CAL.
'.VIU attend to Homestead and other Hllngs;
taking of llnal proofs and all other Land
business.
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
The A. Van derNailen School
Of Civil, Electrical Mining Engineering, otc.
ESTABLISHED IStH.
Occupying their own largo building, work-
:.> ■.;> and laboratories.
Great demand for ex-students in all lines.
New students should onroll at once.
" TELEGRAPH AND .51st, :
OAKLAND, CAL. niylS
Send for Catalogue.
Team and Buggy
HARNESS
All hand sewed.
A. BASSO.
Main st., Jackson
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, JacUsou
Dealer In —
WATCHES. CLOCKS JEKIOT*
AND SILVEIJWAIin
_____
•* All goodß wurruutud as represented
Hepalrlng ot watohei, Olookn and Jewelry
spfclalt?-.
Amador Ledger.
JACKSON. AMADOJt COUNTY. CALIFORNIA, FHTDAY. OCTODEU «3. 1908-
CAMINETTI HAD A
STRENUOUS TIME.
Tried to Make Political Capital Out
Of (Asiatic Exclusion League,
And Was Called Down.
A. Uiimiuetti, democratic) poli
tiolan, and state- senator representing
tlie district comprising Amador, El
Dorado, Calavcran, Alpine iinil Mono,
had a lively time in Hun Francisco
mi Sunday afternoon lust. A meet
ing ol° tbo Asiatic exclusion lea^uo
wiih being held. This league la a
nonpnrtisau oi'Kiiiiixntinn tor the (iur
poso of aidini; (hu sentiment of the
exclusion of Asiatics from Amurica.
Ita members are made up from nil
parties. Party politics are tabooed
ut ita meetings. iNo political party
Invui'H the immigratiou of Asiatics to
this country. At thn meeting Hun
day A. O. Tvoitmoe, a labor uniou
ulHciitl, was chairman. Camiubtti
wan present, and was invited to
address the assembly, although not a
member of tbe league. It was a
oourtoay extended to a visitor, and
ho was expected to give a history ot
tbo Chinoso and Japanese exclusion
question, from a strictly uonpartisau
standpoint. liul he is too much ot a
1 partisan to Keep iv any sucb path.
In brief .space he was launching into
a furious tirade against tbe republi
can potty, and its candidates, en
deavoring to create a sentiment so as
to commit the members to tbe demo
cratic presidential ticket. As soon
as it was apparent what be was after,
there wero loud and persistent bowls
of protest and dissent. The chair
man, who was in sympathy with the
movement; to laud the league in tbe
democratic uainp, refused to heed the
protest, and let Caminetti proceed
with bis ill-advised harangue. At
tbe close of his address Andrew
Fureseth, another labor agitator,
introduced tbo following resolution:
"Ihat tbe Asiatic exclusion league
urge upon the people of this coast
and elsewhere to vote in this election
for the democratic nominees."
i'ureautb nud others on the infaidu
urged immediate action. There was
a stoitny time, Caminetti falling heir
to some very uncomplimentary re
marks for his conduct.
U. 11. tionbam answered Camiuetti,
declariug tbat. like most democrats,
he bad made a great deal of noise at
an inopportune moment, and by talk
ing until the meetiug was ready to
adjourn had hoped to win his point
without being answered. lieuham
then took up Camiuetti's speech and
proceeded to tear it to shreds.
The proposition of converting the
league into a propaganda for Jiiyan
failed. Action on the resolution be
ing postponed until the following
■Sunday.
Such attempts to swing voters for
democracy oiuy hurt the cause they
aie intended to help, <uul tho ad
vocates of such proceedings lower
themselves iv public opinion by pur
suing such tautics. It is very impro
bable that the resolution will pass
after the limo-ligbt has been turned
full upou the subject. It was a
boldly conceived scheme, of doubtful
value in any event. Kvou success in
passing the motion would doubtless
have|defeated its object, and lauded
more voters for Taft than for Uryau.
The Chronicle's account of the
session says:
James 11. liiaunmo, the statistician
of tho league, was upon bis feet,
hurling the lie at Camiuotti. liuloio
Tveitmoe was able to restore order
(Irahamu bad deuouued Camiuetti
repeatedly as a willful and i malicious
liar, and tbe meeting was in mi up
roar,during which ono woman dele
gate and several men hurriedly left
the hall.
When order was restored Caminetti
resumed, iv a milder tone, and tried
to juatify hia attacks upou men mid
measures. Jle was permitted to con
clude bis address. When he stopped
talking Seoretaiy Vooll naked Cami
netti sonio embarrassing <iuestiouu as
to bis action in relation to exclusion
legislation.
Camiuetti tried to extricate hiuiHelf
from his predicament, when Urahame
obtained tho floor and asked some
more pointed questions, which com
pletely cornered Camiuetti.
When (jrahamu desisted other dole
gates|had questions to ask of the dis
comfited senator, who watt wiggling
like an eel.
liiHttmd of replying to the questions
asked, Caminutti sought BUbterfuge
behind ovasivo ntmveiH, not germuuo
to tho questions propounded, and
matin a pitiable spectacle.
Voell hinted thut the entire pro
ceeding, Cauiiuetti'ti appearance upon
tbo floor of the convention, wan a
mjbeme to convert tbe meeting of the
Exclusion Leaaun into a democratic
campaign meeting, and made Cftmi
uettl admit tbat be bad declined
seven Invitations from the league
during tbe hist four years.
VOTE FOR BUHUOYV.
The people of this towuabip in the
candidacy of T. J. liurrow for super
vieor, are affomlea an excellent
opportunity of promoting tho intor
tists, not only of this particular
Htiperviaor district, but ot tho county
at large. One of the leading issue*
before tbe taxpayers today la ' tbo
breaking up of tbe reigning clique,
who wioiii to imagine they have
tlie right to run tbo county to suit!
themselves instead of those whose
servants they are. John Strobm, who
has been supervisor for the pant
letm, is a good-moaning man, but few
will dispute t hut; he lacks weight aa a
representative iv tho governing body
of Annul or county. We want a man
that not only has the courage of his
convictions, but also tbe ability to ex*
press bis views wherever the emerg
ency arises to demand it, burrow ia
tbat kind ot a man. lie ia no man's
man. file will do what ho thinks is
right, and furthermore, if he thinks
things are going wrong hu will speak
out in tbo meotings. Tbat is the
hind of mnu that is wanted just now.
Tbo people of the district must
remember that a supervisor is en
titled to no credit for the mere act of
spending money on the roads. Tho
same amount will be availab'o for
road purpose whether Strohm or J-Jur
row is elected. And the residents of
tho district will bo beneficiaries of
this expenditure in either case. It is
no argument to say that if a bad
place is reported on any road, the
supervisor gives instructions to some
neighbor of the vicinity to have it
attended to. Uurrow can give the
same orders just as well as Strohm.
The necessity of having some one on
the board to pret-a tbe claims of this
district has heon signally illustiated
the past two years hy tho absence of
a bridge across Jackson crock near,
tbe KUia place, some six miles below
towr.. That a bridge is urgent there
is admitted. The order was given
two years ago. and one-halt of the
old bridge at Slitter Creek was moved
onto tho ground, and It lies there
today, usniess. A forceful repre
sentative from this township on the
board would have bad the bridge
erected there long ago. How much
longer that section will continue
without bridge facilities under exist
ing circumstances is a conundrum.
JPufc liurrow on tbe board of super
visors, aurl thereby impart business
energy, and strict economy to that
body. Township No. 1 needs such a
man, and Araador couuty will benefit
by his election. It will be one im
portant step toward getting out ot
the old ruts over which Amador has
been jolting so long, to tbe jolting ot
the taxpayers. Itemember tbat every
ringster of tbe democratic regime is
working, quietly or openly for
Strobm. Ihat ot itself should ho tho
cue for tho patrons of good govern
ment to get on tho other side.
Kor Chronic Diarrhoea.
"While in the army iv 18M, 1 was
taken with chronic diarrhoea," says
(ieorge M. lVeltou of South Gibson,
Pa. "1 have since tried many
remedies but without any permanent
relief, until Mr A. \V. Miles, of this
place, persuaded me to try Chamber
lain's colic, cholera and diarrhoea
remedy, one bottle of which stopped
it at onoo. " For sale by Jackson
Urug Store Spaguoli, l J rop.
Church Notes.
Services will bo conducted iv the
Methodist Kplscopal church by the
pastor as follows: l'roachiug ser
vices every Sunday to commence at
11 a. m. and 7 ::iO p. m. Sunday
school at -p. in. Prayer meeting
every Wednesday eveuiug to com
mence at 7 :30 p. tn. All are cordial
ly invited'to these services.
KI'ISUOPAU
Kegular services will bo bold in St.
Augustine* Episcopal church an
follows:
11 v. m.— First ana third Sunday
in each mouth.
7:30 p. m.— Second and fourth Sun
day in each mouth.
Cold Weather Advice
to all is to bewnro of coughs and
colds on tlie chest; as neglected they
I'uadily lead to pneumonia, consump
tion or other pulmonary troubles.
Just aa hiiiiii us tbe cough appears
treat it with Jlullaid'a llorebound
Sryup the standard euro of America.
Use aa directed — periectly iiurnilut>H.
A cine and preventive of all diseases
of the lungs. I'iice Ufifl. W)o aud 81.00
pel bottle. Sold by Kuhser'a City
Pharmacy.
THE RED FRONT
JACKSON.
A MONEY SAVING PROPOSITION
Our long businosH experience with the people of Amador county has taught us
what wo have now only too well accomplished. The results are that we are now
showing the finest line mercliadise at popular prices. It is money saving to you \
if you will look over our lino of goods, and who wouldn't save money. Come and :
get your goods while assortment is complete, land selection large. [
Dry Goods. Ladies' Furnishings. | Men's Clothing
Onr dress Roods live this sea- Waists. j <j rHVe uctta t Craronettsl Justthe
sou stauda aloue unequalled, it A larße assortment of ladies' ; t,. tho senBon ROOC | pro tec-
nuu »m rnonev tßucy aud ta lored wuists now ; '
is the best hue tor tbe money Jusplny; a lew numbers in; tion Irom wind and rnln-610 and
ever shown in Jackson. nnt waistw, white and ecru I 812 each.
which can't be beat at the low
Fancy Mohairs in nrowu, p r j ces . Our general line of men's cloth-
na'vy, garnet, 3(5 iucbes wide, ; jug fron) g](J tQ g2O . can uot be
pet yd. .05 VVOOI Jacueis. i beat tor the prlce . |
,„,„,,„ white A tlno live ot iadioa' pure
Oood heavy cnshmeie, wnue, v;o()J hand mnift jnckots in oont ; i
sky blue nnd black, 3G lucn, B tyj o , in all colors at 82.75 and j — --■■ - - -■
per yd. .05 f -& 0 eacu - !
Extra heavy serge, black, Underskirts. SHOES. '
nnvv and brown, "•« inches, per j., k gßt eeu full sizes, n! . ....
■J,Vi JnrKß complete line troin 00 up- j I' or ladies' gents' aud children.
y " ' ward. Ueatherhloom skirts, plain j (j ur jj ne o f Phoenix shoes lor men
w t ..ion lirvp a very nice lino and embroidered bottoms at *1.75 j .
i suit Patterns only one suit and SU.SO. | "' M «,lea we enn offer you safe-
of a kind. Up-to-late «oods GownSi -jJy/oB we guarantee; every : pair} of
only, 41 aud 51 inches, 81,25 A Qi Uauuolette | shoes that bears the name |
and ci.GO per yard. nigtit gowns, plaiu white, blue, j Phoenix. A new pair if it don't *
and pink aud striped, from SUo to j wefU , gat j Mt actory. |
Kimona Goods. m
I the Hnest Long and Short Kimonas. \ Get your school shoes for!
A snpeib line o Locg and short Kimonas. a good | children here where you get the i
desigus, with ana assortment from 50c to 81.75. : |j
border at popular prices. j best and cheaper than elsewhere. g
MINING NOTES.
j Argonaut. -This mine is running TO
etarnps '24 hours a day. It ia tho
only mill in tho couuty kept on full
lime. The underground developments
coutiuue to be very encouraging,
holding out the hope to stockholders
of a return of dividends ere long.
Bromide Enlargements at Logan.s.
Wbv not have a Uromide Enlarge
ment made of your favorite "photo?"
Logan, tbe busiest photographer iv
Stockton, has the best equipped piaut
in California for doing this work.
Those bromide Enlargements are
16x20 iuchea-lite size— and will stand
juHt as close inspection as the original
photograph. They are mechanically
and artistically perfect and will
please you in every respect. 1 rice
85.00 each. Call ou Logan, ID S ban
Joaquiu street, Stockton, tho next
time you are iv town.
Came Near Dying
By Overdose of Bromidia.
W. T. Colemau. who was so badly
burned near Plymouth by rolling
into a fire of his own creating while
on a drutikou spree, as narrated in
these columns, had a second close
call to death at tho county hospital.
He has Buttered great pain on account
of the burns. On Tuesday night to
induce sleep he drank a quantity of
bromidia, taking dosoa through tho
night. In all he swallowed about
three ounces. Such a quantity if
taken at once would inevitably have
put him to sleep for keeps, as it was
be was brought so close to passing
out of life's portals, that tbo attend
ants wore loug doubftul of tho is6iie.
At last accounts he was improving,
but not outirely out of danger. The
injuries received by contact with the
tlarnos have Impaired his recuperative
powers. However, it ia buliovod that
he will pull through.
Property Redeemed.
11. 10. Potter aud U Ciriflith of
I'lymouth, were hero last Tuesday
on business rulatiug to Mm estate of
K. S. Potter. J. C. Judkius, who
hud an interest in tbe mining laud
known as tho Creek claim, has re
deemed that property, paying some
thins like tflM) therefor. The pro
perty was offered for sale- by tho ad
mjuiatrator. and by him bought iv
for 8100U with interest aud costs.
This has been the main obstacle in
closing up tho estate. The redemp
tion period bail to expire before tbe
estate could get title thereto. ;it ia
expected that the Hind account will
be made out In v few days, aud every
thing wound up.
Impure blood runs you down—
makes you an easy victim for organic
diseases. iiimluck lilnud Hitters
purities tho blood-cures tho cause—
builds you up.
A Battery Case.
Chris Ijepavaj an Austrian, was
arrested on the iOth instant on a
charge et batteryjpreferred by Agos
tino Mori. Moth parties are employ
ed at the Kennedy mine, and from
tbe reports which are current the ill
feeling which culminated in the
assault originated while at their
undergound employment. On the
lUth after tho men quit, Mori was on
his way to town, and on tho road was
attacked by Lepava, who with several
other companions appeared to bo
waiting for that purpose. Mori was
not alone, but tbe one or two with
him were outnumbered by the other
side. Mori was badly hoaton up. He
swore out a complaint, and .Lepava
was arrested the following day. aud
taken before Justice (Jolduer. Ho
pleaded not guilty, aud was released
on bonds of 9'ffl) for h\s appearance
at trial, with K. Kugne aud L. Kado
nich as sureties. The affair has been
tho subject of much talk.some looking
upon it as the outcome of a feud be
tweeu the Austrian aud Italian ele
ment, but this ia improbable. The
assault was doubtless tbe result ot a
squabble between the principals, aud
meant nothing more.
OASTORIA.
Boara tho —Z^^ 3 Kind You_Have_Always Bought
Keith's Moving Picture Show.
Lawrence Keith opened up tho
Novelty Theatre, in a portion of
Webl) building on Saturday last.
Owing to tho scarcity ot electrio
power on account of tbe shortage of
water, he was not able to show tbe
dissolving attachment. The moving
pictured were ; very good, aud came
out with great distinction. Thero
was none of that flickering, which is
so hurtful to tho eyes, which ia
characteristic ol some exhibitions in
the motion picture line. The grapha
phoue and tho illustrated songs woro
excellent. An entire change of pro
gram ia made Monday, Wednesday
and Saturdays. Commencing Satur
day, tho proprietor will have tour
reels, Instead of three, making over
an hour's performauoo tor in cents, 5
cents for children. l'Jverybodj'Jwhould
visit this show. It is tho best iv
town. The seats are more comfort
able, tbe place is cosy aud warm, aud
it ih just tbo place to gpoud an enjoy
able eveuiny at iittlo expense. The
niaQQgewent contemplates adding
new feiiturt'ti, which will he announc
ed hereafter.
Commencing tomorrow uight tbe
manager will givo tickets to all
patrons entitling thom£to v chanco in
a prize drawing for 85 and $'J iv cash.
I'iniieer Hum is the bust; have no
other.
si You can «et youj,.-W|llnop(ls,
Heads, ete..;i»m)|rd at
TW»«LjjftT<|er.;.foi'- frs><^^fian you
rafc^buy.blauk- nifK-K for else
where.
TRY IT.
Five Cents Per Copy.
Hotel Arrivals
National: Thursday— l£ McNamara,
\Y U Westlake, A Cook, L, Peiser, N
X Lockwood, T A Woods, F B Win-
Chell, W C Fiuley, San Francisco; 13
B Vencare, Copperopolis; II O Willis,
Stockton.
Friday— Ueo (J Jones, Sacramento;
X Matthews, San Francisco; Frea
lirunu, II J Koberts. Stockton; V S
iNeives, 11 A Wheat, A C Ilillriiau, A
Arnheim, Fll Frank, C Sharp, San
Fraucicso; Victor Freeman, New
York; D Lewis, Portland; Kd Clark,
lone.
Saturday— Ueo Uurbeck, Oakland:
F V Visoia, Electra; A A Malson, S
C Myers, San Francisco.
Sunday— Max Widasky, C F Milieu,
Piacerville; J IJ Cnznon, Plymouth;
J X Arnold, San Francisco; K\)
Boydston, Volcano.
Monday— Ulair French, Oletn; Miss
Margaret Lee, Plymouth; Mrs Fred
Ruhlert, Latrobe; F VV Lewis, X
Lang, San Francisco; A X Johnston,
Sacramento.
Tuesday— Ed Muir, X W Campbell,
X liridgmau, F 11 Manning, San
Francisco; C W Kauder, Oakland ;
J 11 Kichards.
Wednesday- \V D Curtis, Hurt
Warren, Arthur Katon, Sacramento;
Phil Mendelsou, A Joseph, San Fran-
oisco; S ijelu-block, Los Angeles.
Thursday— A Thompson, Stockton.
Lllobe: Thursclay-11 D tlutt, Her
keley; W J liurns, Auburn; A Fou
tenrose, Sutter Ureek.
Friday— A Newman, 1\ L Newliu,
Jos Datsou, 11 X Seward, Albert Mng
geutt, (J Kristovich, Sau Francisco;
John Nicholaus, Plymouth; 1 E
Fassett, J WSibole, Wm Scully, John,
Scully, lone; Paul Crasse, Pietro
Uhirdella aud wife, Voloauo; Mra
Margaret Skelley, Miss Skelley,
Uutte; Miss Frlda Joues, Pine (.irove.
Saturday— Clarence liradshaw, Mrs
C liradshaw. Volcano; tirace Uu-
Franc, Pine (Jrovo, Otis Uagley, J
Parro, S Stewart, Herbert Fairchilds,
Byron Miller, Frank Forbes, Ueo
Gordon, Paul Amick, J W Carraro, 11
11 Mauhoou, louo; Vista Koss, Amiel
KriiHiiiiiii, Sutter Crook; 11 Markus,
U Kriutovioh, Campo Seco; Floreucu
liilmau, Los Angeles.
Monday— Mrs Kobh Tonzl, Mrs
KHeu Tonzi, lone; F ISurke, li Lang,
Sun Francisco.
Tuesday— Kobert Downey, lone; W
11 (ileuii ami wife, Defender ; CII
Fuller, Nevada.
WoduesdHy-J M Scott, 1 N Chit
wood, Hoy CbitwoocJ, Jas Mclinde,
Sacramouto; (J Cuvaguaro Caniaiu'he;
t'i Uoodiug, Juliuu; S (1 Kussoll,
Lodi.
Thiirtiday-MiHH Smith, Mis-s UIeUD,
Defeuder; A Tolund aud wife, s
Scluobel, PiuuetvUle.
Pioneer Flour aiwayb has boea
ami still is Inn best.2
AMADDR LEDBER
Published every Friday Afternoon
lIICHAUD WKBH ........;;.^..... Editor ami Proprietor
. •
SUBSCRIPTION RATES)
One year (In advance... > ?3 00
One year (If not In advance) •-' •"•'•
Six months •""•"•'•.: ' "'
Threo month* ."■ .'...,........«.... <■ M
One or more copies, caoh 0 5
Lestal ndvertlalnß-per square of S3-I«n«-Klrst Insertion II GO
Subsequent Insertions— pc : square-each '. 60
ENTERED AT Tllß POSTOrriCE AT JACKSON AS SECOND-CLASS MATTER.
THTC PAPPR •" ke P t on nlB ftt K. 0. DAKK'S Advnrtlslnjf Agency. ?<» Market streftt
illlJ I iVI Ely Sau Francisco, California, where contracts for advertising can be made
forlt.
CITY OFFICIAL PAPER.
FRIDAY OCTOBrcit2:s,Vjoß
A FALSE PROPOSITION.
Democratic papers and orators are making a great effort
to capture the labor vote, claiming that their party is more
devoted to the interest of the working classes, and will ac
complish more for them if placed in power than their oppo
nents. Bryan himself is singing this song for all there is in
it, promising if elected to have a cabinet officer specially
to look after the hosts of labor. He realizes that all his
hopes of capturing the presidency depend upon his drawiug
support from workingmeu who have heretofore supported the
republican party. Failure to entice them from their former
allegiance spells defeat in unmistakeable characters. The
workiugmen as a rule are not easily fooled. Democratic tac
tics in this direction are in the nature of a dernier resort.
The claims of the democratic party as the devotee of the labor
element will not bear investigation. Statistics go to prove
that states tinder republican control have enacted far more
measures for the amelioration of the condition of working
men than those under democratic administration. The con
dition of the sons of toil are immeasurably better in the re
publican North than in the democratic South. Wages are
higher as a rule, and hours of employment are better regu-
]ated under republican guidance. When did democratic as
cendancy in national affairs inaugurate a millennial era for
the toiling masses ? Certainly not within the memory of
any living man. On the contrary, it is recent history that
Coxey armies of unemployed besieged the White House un
der the Cleveland democratic regime demanding work or
bread. is the latest achievement of democracy in behalf
of working men from a national standpoint. A party, like
an individual, must be judged by its record. That is the only
safe criterion of judgment. Promises count for little against
actual accomplishments.
Coming down to a comparison between republican and
democratic states, carefully compiled.'statistics of labor laws in
force as late as April, 1904, show some startling results.
The statistics embrace 28 states under republican control,
and 17 states where the democratic party holds the reins of
government, and control legislation. These statistics reveal
the following state of affairs as regards lawsj in force for the
benefit of labor:
Republican Democratic
states. states.
Bureau of labor ... 23 10
Inspection of factories 1 3
State boards of arbitration ...11 4
Free employment bureau ... 12 2
Inspection of mines . . 15 9
Eight-hour law . . . 16 5
Child labor age limit in factories .21 10
Women's work regulated . 22 5
Seats for women .... 23 8
Truck system prohibited ... 14 9
Sweating system regulated . . , 11 .1
From these figures it should require no further argument
to convince any intelligent voter as to which of the two great
parties has been the more alert in passing wholesome laws
for the improvement of the working classes. The anti-in
junction scheme, fathered by Bryan, and upon which he is
largely banking to attract the labor organizations, would in
practice prove the most harmful to the hosts of labor of all
the visionary methods preached by Bryan. It would shake
the confidence of manufacturers in the power of the courts to
afford them just protection, and as a result would tend to
curtail industry, thereby throwing large numbers of wage
earners out of employment. If the laboring men do not want
a recurrence of the days ot Coxey's armies on the tramp they
will taboo Bryan and his fads at the ballot box.
Mr. Taft calls Mr. Bryan's speech-making " an oratory of
fancy." Only few years ago colonel Watterson called it an
oratory of infancy.
Bryan say he stands by his record. He should stand close
or it will fall over and smash him.
AMADOU LEDGEItt J ACKSOU, CA LI FOKN I A ,
feje For Infnnta and Children.
1§ f iSTlijl The Kind You Have
ilid-Siih ! '"'' |l|i|lMil " """■ l! "'tS3sSi^Sl ■lltlMljW "vUlnlll
Kfflr 3 M AU '°Jl°t, 3 PER CENITj **
R^T ANfcgeloWefrcparalionrorAs-' r\ ■ji , ■ 0
fieis IT similaiinSihcßjotfanifßerfuta- JJeaiS 1110 /w \*
|ffiflw lingUieSioraachsandDowclsof Jf \M TVI
B||.l . SLSB&'j' frTMfflffJijg Signature /J\&
ijSilnii Promotes DigesHonGiefrfd rvf ■ #J\Atj
|w|:jl| ness and RestJContalnsnciihcr VJ> .' #V\ XT
pgffi |! Opitnu.Morprtirtc rtorMiacrd. ftk.\k \m
P"!?i'' Not Narcotic, i ft Ji ilr
|| $] Ij MftoMilDrSMMmam \ I a »
||| s^&J ;/?fri/> US 6
IMfi WorrosSnvu£s.rcvtri*- \ fl Eftf fl VP T
||SBi nessandLossoFSLEEß. \J lUI UfOI
IS; IteSwde signatureor | Tl • . Vft«W«
flfaft &c#%^. I n li IV TealS
It i 'lilE^??^ jiiii • J ■«•«■%*
Exact Copy of Wrapper. TH c ccirraun company, ncwtorkoitt.
[folks f%
1 COMING TO J
J CALIFORNIA
Homeseekers' Rates,
I In eflect daily from Eastern points during September |
I and October, 1908. I
« CffcMF DATF^' p
I SouxCity - -' - - - $31-05 |
i ' Council Bluffs - - - 30.00 |
ra Leavenworth .... - 80.00 |
ra Denver - . - - iJO.OO , |
1 Houston - - - 30.00 1
I St. Louis - - - 35.50 |
I New Orleans - - - 35.50 |
i Peoria ... - 30.75 |
I Pittsburg .... 47.00 1
i Memphis . - - " - - 36.70 |
H Bloomington - - - - 30.75 |
I St. Paul .... 30.75 |
p Minneapolis - - - 30.75 |
i Chicago - - - - 38.50 |
I New York - - - 58.00 |
I Many more from other points on application. Long I
| time limits on tickets and choice of routes. Write to E
1 Dept. Ad. 948 Flood Building for literature and de- I
H tails about California and the personally conducted S
I parties coming from Chicago, Cincinnati, St. Louis |
New Orleans and Washington. B
SOUTHERN PACIFIC, j
1 6IN0CCHI0 BRO'S.|
_^. -^~v~~>.^ DEALERS IN '*' , fej
I jfo General Merchandise |
£* 7$W Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, *M
M S^p Boots, Paints, Oils,' Varnishes, Mining la
P )\ Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, j||
Ml Grain, etc., etc. • M.
m
g Corner Main and Water St. M
m JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA fe
CLEANING A CLOCK.
It It Not Very Difficult, According to
Thes« Direction*.
It Is very simple to clean a clock,
which may sound rathor absurd. For
nn ntiiateur it la not nlways noee?s:iry
to take the clocl; to plecc3. With .i
litiio care nnd patience nnd using nome
benzine, n clean white raff, a sable
brush and some oil a clock can bxj
cleaned nnd put In first ehss running
order. The benzine should bo clemi
and free from oil. You can tent ben
zine by putting a little on the back of
the hand. If it Is «ood, It will dry off,
leaving the hand quite clean, but if
any grease remains on the hand It Is
not fit to use.
The oil should be of the very best
that can bo procured. Vegetable oils
should never be used. Clock oil can bo
procured from your druggist or Jeweler.
All loose dirt should bo removed from
the works by blowing with bellows or
a fan or dusting with a dry brush. In
the latter case great care should be ex
ercised not to Injure any of tho parts.
Dip tho brush In the benzine and clean
the spindles and spindle holes and the
teeth of the escapement wheel. After
washing a part wipe tho brush on the
rag nnd rinse In the benzine. Thla
should be repeated frequently until no
more dirt is seen.
When the clock has dried oil tho spin
dle holes carefully. This may be done
with a toothpick or a silver of wood
cut to a fine point Oil tho tooth of the
escapement wheel slightly, using a fine
brush.— Popular Mechanics.
LOWESTOFT CHINA.
Story of a Factory Whose Products
Are Now Highly Prized.
At the end of the North parade.
Lowestoft, is the Warren • House, a
place of great Interest to connoisseurs
of china. It was here, In the eight
eenth century, that a discovery of
fine clay was made which eventually
led to Lowestoft manufacturing the
china which Is now so rare that it Is
almost priceless.
Initial experiments made by Hewlin
Luson, Esq.. of Gunton Park, near
Lowestoft, with some fine clay discov
ered accidentally on his estate result
ed In complete success and ultimately
led to the opening of a factory at
Lowestoft in 1756 for the manufacture
of fine earthenware and porcelain "soft
paste."
In 177") a finely glazed and decorated
"hard paste" was Introduced, the ef
ficiency and beauty of which beto
kened a brilliant success for the pro
prietors. Contemporary evidence in
disputably shows that from 1770 to
1800 the Lowestoft works were at the
zenith of their fame. Owing, however,
to the enormous expenses and difficul
ty fneurred in procuring china clay
from Cornwall and elsewhere (after
the original clay was exhausted) and
the rapidly Increasing competition of
other makers its prosperity waned, the
collapse came, and the works were
closed In ISo3.— London Globe.
Clerical Clothes In New York.
"Today I encountered a whim of
New York tailors that astonished me,"
said a western clergyman. "I ordered
a suit of clothes from a man who re
fused to work for me.
" 'What's the reason you folks are
passing me along to another tailor?"
I asked. 'Do I look hard to fit? Are
you afraid you won't get your money?
"The tailor explained that neither of
my guesses was correct. He declined
to make my clothes simply because 1
am a clergyman and require a clerical
■cut. He let me down easily by stat
ing further that he never undertook
to make ecclesiastical garments, that
very few of the lay tailors in New
York do undertake them. They do
not have enough of that kind of work
to keep them constantly informed on
the requirements of the different re
ligious orders. A mistake would be
embarrassing to the clergymen nnd to
the tailor, so they hand all such cus
tomers over to tailors who make a
specialty of such work."— New York
Sun.
When Sleep Was Trumps.
. A bridge playing set at an eastern
university, who usually turned night
Into day, used to appear at morning
chapel with remarkable regularity^ and
were pointed out as an example by the
authorities. An alteration was made
In tho time, chapel not beginning until
thirty minutes later, and the dean was
astounded to see that none of these
men, so regular before, was present.
He sent for them nud asked the rea
son. • ..
"Well, sir." said one. "It's like this:
When chapel wns at half past 7 we
could Juu't uiaiiiige it, but we can't
keep awake till 3 o'clock."— Harper's
Weekly.
On Ice.
"Yes," said Alkali Ike. "a couple o'
cow punchers Indulged in n very pret
ty scientific scrap down at Bad BucUo's
yesterday,"
"It's wonderful bow cool those fel
lows keep under the circumstances,"
remarked the eautcrn tourist.
"Yaas; they certainly have to be kept
cool, stranger; I believe, for some rea
ison or other, their funerals ain't to bo
for a couple o' days yet."— Philadelphia
Press.
Certainly Would.
City Mnu (to villager)— Wouldn't It
open your eyes to look across at that
lot there and see one of our city sky
scrapers covering It? Village Man-
Waul. I guess I would, seeln' as I've
got twenty head o' cattle tjruzln' there.
— Bohemian.
Oue cannot talk constantly without
fciivir.j.' foolish tilings.— CUUago Itec
art-Herald.
OFRCIAL MAP
—OF..
Amador County
veys by D. C. CAUT/TON, *howlnjf
township nn\ school district bc.ind-
nrins, owneiplip of all lands according
to assessment roll of l!) 04, mineral
chilnip, eiinais,! lonnllon of all school-
houses; also a lownslto map ol prlnoU
pal towns, Dblnt'ly Jackson, Slitter
Creek, lone. Amador City, Drytown.
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 6 by 8? leot.
'rice, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted - $5
Sold only at,
AMADOU LEDGER OFFICE
Sunset Vulc I*7l Capital 633
• The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Clcaninq Works
Dyeing and donning 1 Dress Goods.
! Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty.
1012-lOth st Sacramento
Is Your Property, For Sale?
We ue constantly receiving : Inquires from til
parts of the United Slates tor Farms, Vineyards am!
Country and City Homes on tho Pacific Coast. If
your proDerty is for tale we shall be clad to plire it
on our list, and put yon in direct correspondence with
a large Dumber of possible buyers. Address,
TOWN A COUNTRY JOURNAL PUB. do.
330 JACKSON ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
■
volcano, amador;; co., cal.
L. 11. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable. jnel
♦»»♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦»♦♦< •
1 Globe Hotel!:
j; *j|p" ' ;:
< * NEW MANAGEMENT. ' >
<> i ►
| A\RS. ANNIE I.UHST....PropY %
* Board and Lodging |[
z * '
J AT REASONABLE RATES. ♦
SO
% Sample Rooms for Commer- *
| c ; a! Travelers. J
• All Stages stop at this hotel. ♦•
f JACKSON CAL. f
; ; my B |
r ySjnj^sWjnj"?r"ts-y-yi z-xzrS^zi y^^r \
I NEW I
ii National* Hotel:
Jackson, Amador county, Cal. ji
i \ : . A. VpOKIIEIS, Proprietor
| Stage Office for all Points
■',%.' I 1I 1 .
i Lighted by electricity throughout ,
] <;oramo(lious Sample Rooms foi 1 , I
|i Corarnercial Travolors. au!^ )
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAN
Plymouth. Cal.
Has on hand a full lino of Harness
and llurdess Fixtures, Saddles,
Bridles and Kobcs. .Busies
an.'. Carriage lops mado
to order.
Also has on liquid a lino ol
that well known nnd thor.
uglily; tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies.Amador County
Descriptive Article
Amador county comprises an nrea of
f>4N squaro miles. It )ie9 on tho wes
torn slope of Sierra Nevada mountain?,
und embraces within its territory nil
thn diversity of valley, foothill, nnd
high mountainous lands, j
Climate.— Tho climate of tho popu
lous portions of tho county i* as genial
und healthful as can be found anywhere
in California. .As climate is ono of tho
most valuable U99eta of this favored
state In attracting population, Amador
stnnda Hccottd to no county in this re
gard. Ii should, and no doubt will In
time, when its climatic advantages are
more thoroughly understood nnd np
predated, become n hoalth resort not
only for thoso in less favored states,
but for the residents of other part 9of
California. Tho temperature alono the
central portion randy falls below 30
degrees above zero In winter, and as
rarely rises to 100 degrees in the sum
mer. Snow soldotn falls In tho settled
districts, and never remains on the
ground for more than a few hours. Of
t:ourse, in tho high mountain regions
of eastern Amador the snowfall i$ very
heavy — which is characteristic of the
entire Sierra Nevada range. Tho sum
mer season is ulwuy accompanied with
000 l nights; permitting of sound, re
freshing slumber. Fogs are rare, cy
clones are unknown, thunderstorms are
infrequent.
Gold Mining.— The county, although
rich In other sources of wealth, com
paratively untouched, is noted prin
cipally for her quartz mines. The
deepest gold mines in America are lo
cated here. The Kennedy mine is now
taking gold in liberal quantities from
quartz extracted from a depth of over
3000 feet below tho surface, with every
indication that tho pay-ore extends to
v much greater depth. Since the dis
covery of gold, the county has contrib
utod fully $100,000000 to the world's
supply of the. precious metal. The
mines are 9 t!^"*ieldingr at the rate of
about two ■million dollars annually.
Nearly all of this wealth is produced by
oight or ten mines operating on what
is called the "mother lode," stretching
clear across tho cotuity In a north-east
erly direction a distance of twenty
miles. The mines aggregate between
•JOO and 000 stamps, and furnish em
ployment for over 1000 ' miners. This
industry is still in its infancy. The
unexplored territory, oven along tho
main gold belt, is far in excess of tho
srround that has actually been worked
or prospected. The county offers to
unyone of the most inviting fields to
be found anywhere in the world for the
investment of capital in the fascinating
business of gold mining, not alone along
the mother lode, but also in the almost
tin touched mineralized country ot tho
-:a.st belt, some ten or twelve miles from
he main lode.
Besides gold, wo have copper, de
josits of pottery, coal, imttrbe, slate,
imestone, granite, and soapstone or
,iilc — all undeveloped.
Agricultural Capabilities. — The agri
cultural possibilities equal, if not excel,
,he mineral riches. The valley lands
.vill produce anything that can bo
frown in the most favored sections.
in the foothill lands all kinds of decld-
U)U3 fruits thrive: also all kinds of
.'©getable are raised where irrigation
r practicable along tho numerous water
lOurses. Further up.in tho mountains,
it tin altitude of 2000 to 2-">00 feet, tho
oil is admirably adapted for apples
:nd potatoes. A ready innrket for
tTaiiy times tho quantity now raised of
hose commodities can bo found I'm tho
arlous mining towns.
Grape culture aud winemaking are
incoming important industries, both
he grapes and wine commanding a
latter price than ,tho product of tho
s '.viand.
Land is cheap compared with other
California lands. Improved farms may
••3 secured for one-fourth the price
urrent in some places. Unimproved
inds can be had from $5 to $10 per
■.■re. It does not require a fortune to
,;y a small ranch. There is room for
]arge addition to our ajjriculural pop
kttiou. Vast tracts now devoted to
attle ranges might ho mado the homes
' hundreds of prosperous farmers.
I \uuidor has a population of less than
' )(KI. Three fourths of thit- is concen
'.itedin a strip of three miles above
ijd below the mineral bolt.
Jackson, tho county eeatj has about
,00 inhabitants, and istiu incorporated
ty ot tho sixth class. Other towns
•c Sutter Crock, Amador City, Dry
iwn, I'lymouth, Volcano, lino Grove
nd Olotit. lone City is the meil'opolls
f the valley section, a thriving town
1000 inhabitants.
The community is law-übldlner. Kdu
itlonal facilities are excellent. A
hoolhouse is within easy reach of
>ai'ly every family. There is one high
hool, located at lone.
The assessment roll for 1007 lsso.-
O,7i)H, and the tax rate for both state
ul county purposes $!i ou tlio $100.
The Southern l'acllio has a branch
ilroad running to lone. From this
lint tho lono and Das torn railroad ox
nds 14 miles furiher to tho mining
otion.
Tho various religious denominations j
id fraternal organizations aro wolli
pi evented.
The power plant of the Standard
autrlo Co— one of the largeit in the
irld— islocutod four miles from Jack
i.
BLANKET BALLOT
FULL OF PROBLEMS
County Clork .loy lirs leeoUed thu
siiiniile ballots which he inii.-t mall to
exalt voter in tdo county, licginnlng
this work not Inter than the "Jil.li mat.
and Uuißhliiß it up by the enrl of tbe
month. Ibere me approximately t'SOO
voteta to receive tbe9e.
The^sßmple ballot is quite n fortnid
nbin document. It la U8 inches lona
by 14 inches wide. It contnius nbout
1100 words ot instructions to voter?,
besides ten columns of tickets nnd
constitutional amendment him other
propositions, ou which "the voice ot
the people" la to he benrtl.
There are three full tickets, namely,
the republican, the democratic and
the Hocinllst. Then there is the Inde
pendenco league (Hearst) ticket,
which ia bob-tßildd. It contains
names of no notnlurea for congress
man. Beuntor, lissom blyru an.
The prohibition ticket lins no
unities for congressman, senator. or
judge of the superior court.
The union labor ticket has only
one mime, Unit of a candidate for the
supreme bench.
There is a full iilnnk column in
which the elector may make up a
complete ticket for himself by writ
iuK in names.
When one comes to tbe constitu
tional amendment propositions the
ordinary voter, if be desitea to vote
intelligently ou them, will necessarily
have to devote some time to rending
up or consulting others who may
have read upon them. There nio
fifteen of these. The one nt tho top
of the first column relates to soptinit
ing state from county taxation, put
ting state tnxes to n certain limit on
railroad nnd public service corporn
tious and- having direct taxation on
property only toi county purposes.
There is now much difference of
opinion ou this proposition.
I 1I 1 lie proposition nt the top of the
last column relates to nominution ot
candidates for all state nud county
oltlces by direct primary elections.
Tho other thirteen propositions need
some attention to enatde'tbe average
voter to voto on them understnnding
l.v.
Them remain the question of ap
proval of the Han Frnaoiaob scnwnil
net, nud the question of tbe India
lJuslu act, which the voters must* de
cide.
Voting this year la a serious busi
ness. If some patiiot who "knows
it nil" would open a correspondence
school for the education of the igno
rant voter and advertise, the writer
would tell him'wuere he could Uud a
paying coiresponrleut.--.StiliDaa ludex.
A GOOD REASON.
Jackson People Can Tell You Why
It Is So.
Doan's kidney Pilla cure fho cnuso
of disease, uud that is why tho cures
are always Jastiug. This remedy
strengtheusaud toues up tho kidneys,
helping them to iltivootit ut the body
the liquid poisons thut cause I nick
nche, beudache aud distressing kid
uey uud urinary complaints. Jackson
people testify to permanent cures.
Mrs J. Uook, liriug on LSroadway,
Jackson, C'al., says: "i can vouch
tor the merits of IJoau's Kidney I'ills.
1 suffered from kidney trouhio for" a
long time aud nothing helped mo
until 1 procured a box of Uoan's
Kidney I'illa at the City Pharmacy.
1 was in a run down condition, my
hack ached constantly, 1 had frequent
dizzy spells, aud my kidneys did not
act prupeily. 1 started using Doan'd
Kidney PilJs strictly as directed,
they gave me relict from the tlrst,
1 continued their use aud was cured.
My kidneys are now in n good con
ditiuu aud my back is well and
strong. lam only too glad to eu
dcise Ooau's Kidney i'ills. "
l ( 'or sale by all dealers. I'rice 50
cents. t'oster-Milburu Co., Uutfalo,
Sew York, sole agents tor the United
States. ttenißmber the name— Uoaus'
—anil taken no other
The Stockton Chamber of Com
merce today appointed a coinmitteo
to make an iureutigatiou into the
working of niiqiug dredges on the
Caiaveraa river and make a leport
batik of the tindiugti, It has lieeu re
ported to that body that dredges are
responsible for the large amount of
solid material that has been coming
down the river iv recent years nnd it
is proposed to put a .stop to the work
it it results in injury to navigation.
Why Colds are Dangerous.
j Uecau6o you hare contracted ordin
ary colds aud recovered from them
without treatment' of any kind, do
not for a moment imagine that colds
mo not dangerous. Kveryoue knows
tlmt pneumonia and chrouio catarrh
have their origin in a common cold.
Consumption is not caused by a cold
but the cold propa>'cs the system for
the reception aud development of the
germs that would not otiiurwise have
found lodgment. It is the same with
all infectious discaues. Diphtheria,
sourlet fever, measles and whooping
cough are much more likely to bo
contracted when the child liuh it cold.
i You will see from this thut more real
danger lurks in a cold than iv auy
other of the common ailmeuts. The
easiest aud (luinkeut way to mire a
cold is to tako Chamberiaiu'u Cough
Ketuody. The many remarkable cures
oil net od by tiiia pteparatlou have
made it a staple article of ttudu over
a large part of the world, l-'or sale by
Jackson .Drug iStoio, Hpagunli, I'rop.
Lodger und Chicago Weekly Inter-
Oceun, both papers for oao year $2.50
iv udvunce.
FRIDAY. OCTOHKII 2.J, igiis.
NOTICE TO VOTERS.
Notice is hereby given to the eleetnr* of the
State of California that the following Acts will
be submitted to the p>ople nf tho StatP of ('ull
fornla tor their ratification at the next general
cloctlon to be holden on tho third day of No
vember. A. D. liHiS, to wit:
SENATE BILL NO. 461.
Pnsscn *tnn Menate Kobrunry !M. A D. IOCiT.
Lewis Jlllborn. Secretary of tho Senate.
Passed 'the Assembly .March '). A X). ICO*.
Clio Lloyd, Chief Clerk of the Assembly.
This Mill was received by the Governor, this
Pl h day of Moron, A. U. liin", at -lao'cloek m
10. C. Cooper, I'rlvute Secretary of tho Gover
nor. ,
Ciiaptkh 4'JI. An Apt to provide for the Ismi
unce and nale of state bonds to create a fund
for the construction by tho board of Rtuto
harbor commissioner* of wharves, piers, sea
wall, stntd rniiroad. .ipurs and appurtenances
In the city uud county of San Francisco: to
create a sinking fumi 'or the payment of said
bond.-,; .itnl providing tor th» submission of
this uct to a vote of tin- people.l
The people of tho Slate of California, repre
sented In senile nnd assembly, do puact »s
follows:
Section I, For tho purpose of providing a
fund for the payment of tho Indebtedness here
by authorized to bo Incurred by the i board of
suite harbor commissioners for the erection of
wharves, piers, seawall, state railroad, spurs
and appurtenances In the city and county of
San Francisco, at a cost not to exceed two
million dollars (which said wharves, piers, sea
wall, state rullroad, spurs nnd appurtenances
the board of state harbor commissioner!* urn
hereby empowered to roni>truct In tho manner
authorized by law. nnd at it cost not tooxcood
said two million dollars), the state treasurer
shall Immediately after tho issuance of the
proclamation of the governor, provided for in
section 10 hereof, prepare two thousand suit
able bonds ot the State of California, in the de
nomination of one thousand dollars each. The
whole Issue ot said bonds shall not exceed the
sum of t-.vo million dollars, and until lwnds
shall beur Interest at. the rale of four per
centum per annun. 1 . from the time ot said mile
thereof, and both principal and interest shall
bo payable In gold coin or tlio present standard
value, und they shall be payable at tho oftico
or the state treasurer, ul the expiration of
nineteen years from their date, subject, how
ever, to redemption by lot as In this act herein
after provided, tiald bonds' shall bear date the
second day of January, A. D nineteen hundred
nnd nine, and .shall he made payable on tho
seeondday of January, A. U. nineteen hundred
und jtwcnty-cißht. The interest accruing on
such of said bonds urn arc sold, shall be due nnd
payable at the ofllco of the Mate treasurer on
the second day of January, and ou the secoud
day or July, or each year afjer the sale of tho
same: provided that .the Hrst payment of in
terest tiliall be mado on the second day o' Jan
uary, A. D. nineteen hundred and ten. ou so
many ot said bonds as may have been thereto
fore sold. At the expiration of nineteen years
from the date of said bonds, all bonds sold shall
cease to bear intorost, aud likewise all bonds
redeemed by lot shall cease to bear interest us
In this act provided, aud the said state treas
urer shall call in, forthwith pay aud cancel the
same, out of the moneys , ln the second Sun
Francisco seawall sinking fund provided for in
this act, and hijjshull. ou the first Monday of
January, nineteen hundred aud twenty-eight,,
also cancel and destroy all bonds not thereto
fore sold. All bonds issued shall be 'signed by
the governor, and countersigned by the control
ler, and shall ,be endorsed by tho state treas
urer, aud eucn shall have the seal ot the state
stamped thereon. Euoh bond i hull contain a
clause that It is subject to redemption by lot
after the year nineteen hundred and eighteen.
Skc. •-' Interest couponsshall oe attached to
each ot said bonds, so that such coupons may
be removed without injury to or mutilation of
the bond. Said coupons shall, be consecutively
numbered, and shall be signed by the state
treasurer. Hut no interest on i'.uy of said bonds
shall be paid for any time which may intervene
between the date of any of Raid bonds anil tho
issue and sale thereof to a purchaser.
Skc. ■■>, The sum. or one thousand dollars is
hereby appropriated to pay the expense that
may be incurred by the .state treasurer iv hav
ing suid bonds prepared, Said amount shall he
paid out ot the Sun Francisco harbor improve
ment fund on controller's warrants, duly drawn
ror that purpose.
Si:c. 4. When the bonds authorized to be is
sued under this act shall be duly executed,
they shall be by the state treasurer sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
in such parcels and numbers as said treasurer
shall be directed by the governor of the state,
under the seal thereof, after a resolution re
questing such sale shall have been adopted by
tho board of state harbor commissioners: but
said treasurer must reject any and all bids for
said bouds, or for any of them, which shall be
below the par valuojof jsald bonds so offered :
aud ho may. by public announcement at the
time fixed for the sale, continue such sale, as
to the whole of tho bouds on'ered, or any part
thereof offered, to such time and place as he
may select. Due notice of the tltno and place
of sale of ull bonds must be given by suid treas
urer by publication in two newspapers pub
lished in the city and county of San Francisco,
and also by publication iuone i.ewspuper pub
lished iv the city of Oakland, and by publica
tion in one newspaper published in the city or
Los Angeles, and by publication In ono news
paper published in the city of Sacramento, once
a week during four weeks prior to such sale.
The costs of such publication shall be paid out
or the San Francisco harbor improvement fund,
on controller's warrants duly drawn for that
purpose. Tho proceeds of the sule of such boads
shall be forthwith paid over by said treasurer
into the treasury, aud must be by him kept In
a separate fund, to be known aud designated us
the "Secoud San Francisco Soawull Fund" and
must be used exclusively for tho construction
or wharves, piers, seawall, state railroad, spurs
and appurtenances thereto on tho water front
or the city uud county of Sun Francisco. Drurts
aud warrants upon said I'msd shall be drawn
upon and shall ho pallium of said fund in the
same manner us drafts and warrants are drawn
upon .lud paid out of the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund.
Skc. 5. For the. payment of the principal and
Interest or suid bonds a sinking fund, to be
known and dusiguatod as the •• Secoud San
FruuciscuSeuwuil Sinking Fuud"'snall be, and
the same Is hereby created, us follows, to wit :
"The state treasurer shall, on the llrst day of
each und every month after thu sule of said
bonds, take from the San Francisco hurbor im
provement fund such sum us, multiplied by the
time the bonds then sold uud outstanding have
to run, will equal tho principal of the bonds
sold and outstanding at the time suid treasurer
shall so take said sum from said Sun Fraaolsoo
harbor improvement fuud, .less the amount
theretofore taken therefrom for suid purpose;
und he shall placo the sum In the second Sun
Francisco seawall sinking fuud created by this
act. Said stute treasurer shall, ou controller's
warrants duly drdwu for that purpose, employ
thu moneys In said sinking fund in the purchase
of bonds of the United Stute. or of the Slute of
California, or of the several counties or munici
palities of the Stuto of California, which said
bonds shall be kept In 'a propor receptlcle, ap
propriately labeled: but Im must keep always
on hand a sulllciunt amount of money In said
sinking rund with which to pay thu interest ou
such or thu state bonds herein provided to bo
Issued as may have theretofore been sold. Aud
10 provide menus for the payment of iuterost
on the bonds that may be sold uud outstanding,
said treasurer shall monthly take from tli.i San
Francisco hurbor Improvement fuud, uud pay
Into said seawall sinking fuud, uu amount
equal to the monthly interest then duo on all
bouds then sold, delivered and outstanding
The board of state hurbor commissioners uro
hereby authorized and directed by the collec
tion of dockugu, tolls, rents, wharfage ami
crunugu to collect v sum of money siullcleut for
tho purposes of this uct, over uud above the
amount limited by section two thousand live
hundred und twenty-sl.\ of Die Political Code of
the Stute of California, lletween the first and
tenth day of November, Iv thu year nineteen
hundred uud eighteen, uud between the llrst and
tenth day of November of each year thereafter
until thu maturity of suid bouds, (ho said
treasurer shall, iv the presence of the governor,
proceed to draw by lot such au amount of bonds
as hh.ill be roquisitu to exhaust us nearly us
may bu thu amount iv said sinking fuud at that
time, uud ahull thereupon aud before the tenth
day of December following, give notice by pub
lic advertisement to be iosertudtwlce v wuttk
for two weeks Iti two newspaper:; published In
the city aud county of San Frunclsco, und ulso
in one newspaper published in tlio city of Oak
land, uud ulso Iv one newspaper published in
the city of Los Angeles, uud ulso In one news
paper published Iv the city of Suciamnnlo,
Ntutluij the number of bouds so drawn, uud that
thu principal of suid bonds will bu puld ou pro
sonlutton to the treasurer ou or before thu
second duy of January following, und that from
si'id Utter such last named date ull luterost
upon bonds thusdruwtishull cease, uud it shall
bu the duty of thu I reasurcr us soon us said
bonds mi drawn by lot uiu .surrendered to him
uud puld to raucol the same, uud thu Interest
coupons thereon, und ouch year, beginning with
the year nineteen hundred uud eighteen, tho
suid treasurer shall, In the manner aforesaid
proceed lodruw by lot such uu amount of bouds
us shall bu requisite to uxuuusi as nearly us
nay bu thu amount in said siuklng fuud, I'.iul
iroceed In (hit manner herein above Muted.
After Ihu payment or ull of suid bunds, tlm »ur-
I plus or buluucu riiiriiniu.' In suid sinking tund,
if imv therg tin, shall forthwith bfl f»ld Into thn
■V" 1 ['niticlsco hurlKir Improvement fund. At
inetime. r,f tho respnetive dr.iwini;* by Int. in
nroi(,ul.l, ,»tiii nlso nt tlir maturity of said state
nomis. :< ;l |il treasurer *lin!l soli th« United
States or other Inmds then lnmtld Kln'ilna fund,
nt gOjeiDlsff market nuns, after ftdvertlslntf
tne ««18 ti,,Tcnf In tin tnnnnnr he.relnhe.fora
provided f.irthp»»lnnr homls herehy authorized
to ho issued, und shall use the pmcoedx for the
payment of such I)o:i<1h >ih may be drawn by lot,
iimi lit tho maturity of siild bondu outstanding
sniii p»y n,»i redeem snld matured milKtamllnit
bonds out :«f said moneys In said fund in ox
ttnKUKlimciil nf said bonds on controller's war
rant* duly drnwti for that purpose.
hkc li. Tim smtn controller and tho stntn
treasurer shall kwpfull nnrl particular Recount
Mid iccnrilnr nil their proceeding* under this
net. nnd they shall trnosmit to tho povernnr an
■Ditraoi 101 nil such proceedings thereunder,
with ftp annual report, to bfi by the i<ovcrnor
ftU hcri.re the le(rlslt»tiu« biennially: and nil
loons ;>iiil paper* pertnlntn« to the matter pro
vloed f f ,i- tn this act shall at all times t>o open
totlifMnspuuinn or any party Interested, or Ihn
Koveninr, or tin) attorney frnnornl, or a commit
tee of either branch of tho legislature, or n
joint committee of both, or any Citizen of the
BED, , || shall bo tho duty of tho wtnto
treasurer to pay tho Interest of said bonds,
when tlio warne fulls duo, out or the sinking
fund provided for in this act, on controller's
Warrants duly drawn for that purpose.
SiHi'. s. This act. ir adopted by the people,
annll lake envct on tho Ihlrtytlrst day of Mr
cetniKT. A. v nineteen hundred and olght, as to
All IU previsions except thoie relating to and
nece-SMiry for Its submission to the people, and
tor returning, canvassing and proclaiming the
votes, iitid as to snirt oxcepted provisions this
act Khali take eiTect immediately.
BBC, t. This act shall be submitted to the
people ol tho State or California for their rutill
cation ;it the next general election, to beholden
in thfirmtitlior November. A. I), nineteen hun
died und eight, und all ballots at suid nleotion
shall liuvc printed thorron and at the end there
or, tlw) words, -For tho San Francisco Seawall
Act, nod in a separate lino under tho same
words "Against the San Francisco Soawull
Act, uiiil opposite said lines there ahull be
left spaces in which the voter may make or
stamp a cross to Indicate whether they voto for
Or again*! the said act, and those voting forsald
actslull do so by plucing a cross opposite the
words 'For the Sun Francisco Seawall Act,"
nnd ull those voting against tho said uct shall
do so by placing a cross opposite the words
'.'Against the San Frooclsco Seawall Act." The
governor of this state shall include the submis
sion of t'nis act to tlio people, as aforesaid, in
his proclamation calling for said general elec
tion. |
SK' 1 . 10, The votes enst fororagaiust this
aclsliiui be counted, rnturnod uud canvassed
and di'clnred in tho same manner aud subject
totnosama rules as votes east for state offi
cers: and if tt uppear that said act Bhult have
received v majority of ull the votes cast for und
against it at snid election, as aforesaid, then
the same shall have enVet as liureinbeforo pro
vided, and shall bo Irrepealuble until the prin
cipal iiml interest of the liabilities herein cre
ated shall bo paid uud discharged, and the gov
ernor siiaii make proclamation therer.r; but if a
majority |of the votes cast as aforesaid are
against this act then the same shall bound be
come void.
BKC 11. It shall bo the duty of the secretary
of stnto to hnva this act published In at least
ono newspaper In each county, or city and
county, if one be published therein. Tor three
months next preceding the general election to
be holilen in 'he montli of November, A I), nine
teen hundred uud eight, the, costs of public;!
tlon shall be paid out or the San Fruticifco liar
bor improvement fund, on controller's warrants
duly drawn for that purpose.
B*o. li. This act may be known and cited as
the ■ Second San Francisco Seawall Act."
SEC, 13, All acts and parts of acts In con
Illct with the provisions of this uct are hereby
repealed.
W. v. Pouter,
President or the Senate.
R. L. iiEAIIDM.EK.
Speaker of the Assembly.
APPI'OVCd March ilst, A. D. UioT.
.1. N. Gii.lktt, Governor,
Endorsed: Filed in the oftloe or the Secretary
of [State, the -Jlst day of March. A. U. 1007. C.
F, [Curry, Secretary of Stute. Hv J Hoesch,
Deputy,
SENATE BILL NO. 812
Passed the Semite. February 28, A. D. 190".
Lewis a. iiiiinn'M, Secretary of the Senate.
i'lissi-d the AHxembly. Mureh V. A. li. ISIO7.
Clio Lloyd, Chief Clerk or tho Assembly.
This llill was received by tho Governor, this
12th day of Murch. A. I). IPO7, at 10 o'clock a ra
X, C. Cooper, Prlvuto Secretary of the Uovemor
CrfAPTEII ■1111, An net to provide for the Issu
ance and sule of state '.bonds to creato a fund
for the accjulsitiou by the board of state har
bor commissioners of a necessary area for a
tidal basin lor wharves, piers, h'arnors and
appurtenances in tho city and county of San
Francisco: to create n sinking fund' for the
payment of said lioucis; aud UeHnlug the du
ties of state officers in relation thereto: mak
ing an appropriation, of one thousand dollars
lor the expense of printing said bonds; and
providing for the submissiou of this act to k
vote of the people.
(An unieaded at Extra Session by Senate Hill
No. 7.)
SENATE BILL NO. 7.
Passed the Senate November -Ml, A IJ 1907.
Lewis A. Hilboru, Secretary of the Semite.
Passod the Assembly. Xorcnibor M, A. I).
1807. Clio Lloyd. Chief Clerk of the Assembly.
This Bill was received by tho Governor, this
33rd day of November. A. L) HKI7. at 11 o'clock
a. in K. C. Cooper, Private Secretary of the
Governor,
Ciivi'TEii -I. An act to amend section live of
the act entitled "An act to provide for tlie
issuance and sale of state bonds : to create a
tund for the acquisition by the board of state
harbor commissioners of v necessary area for
a tidal hustn for wharves, piers, harbors and
appurtenances in the city and county or San
Francisco: to create a sinking fund for the
pnymeut of suid bonds: ami delluing tho du
ties of state ollleers iv relation thereto: mak
ing an appropriation of one thousand dollars
fortheexpense of printing said bonds; and
providing for the submission of this act to a
vote of the people," approved March ill, luti;,
relating to the redemption of such bonds and
creating a slaking fund for such purpose, and
adding a new section to said act to be num
bored section 10!4, relating to the publieatlon
ol said act, and providing for the paymentof
the cost of publication of the same.
I'lie people of the Statu of California, rcpre
sentc.d In .senate and assembly, do enact as
fOllOWB!
Bkcxion 1 For tho purpose of providing a
fund for the payment of the iudehtwluess auth
orized to bo Incurred by llin board of state har
bor commissioners for the acquisition of tho
necessary area for a tidal basin extending the
area of India basin ou tho water front of the
city and county of San Francisco, us provided iv
au act entitled "An act to authorize and direct
the hoard or state harbor commissioners to in
stitute condemnation proceedings against cer
tain property north or India basin, aud extend
ing to I slats creek in the city aud county of San
Fiv.ncisco, aud extending their jurisdiction
ovjl 1 tlio same, and providing mr the payment
of Judgments from the proceeds of bonds issued
and ;told uuder the provisions of au act entitled
"An act to provide for the issuance and sule of
stat.- bonds to create v fuuil for the acquisition
by the lioanl of stati' harbor commissioners of a
necessary urea for v tidal basin for wharves,
piers, harliors. and appurtenances iv the city
and county of Sau Francisco: to create a sink
ing fund torthe payment of said bonds; uudde
lining tho duties of state ollleers iv relation
thereto; making an appropriation of^l.iMKi for
the expense of printing suid bonds; and pro
viding tor tho submission of this act to a vole
of the people," the slate treasurer shall, inane
diatcly after the issuauco of the proclamation
by the governor, provided for 111 HBOtIOD IU hero
01, prepare one thousand suitable bonds of the
Stale nl California, In the douiiuiinutlon of one
thousand dollars cuch. The whole Issue or said
Imiikls shall not exceed the sum of one million
dollars, and suid bonds shull bear interest at
the rale of four per centum per annum, from the
time of tho salo thereof, uud both principal aud
interest shall bo payable iv gold coin of the
prevent standard value mid they shall be pay
able at the oMci'Of the state treasurer at the
expiration of uluetDOU years from their date,
subject, however, to redemption by lot us In
this act hereinafter provided. Said bonds shall
bear date the second day of January, nineteen
hundred uud nine, uud shall be made
payalili) ou the second day of January, nineteen
Imudred aud twenty-eight. A. U. The interest
uccruiug ou such of suid iKinds us uro sold shall
be due and payable at tho ottiee of the state
treasurer on the second dity of January, and ou
Ihe second duy of July, of each your after the
sale uf the same: provldcid, Hull the llrst pay
ment of Interest shall bu mudu oil the second
u.i.v of January, A.M. niueieen hundred und
leu, ou so many of said bonds us havo been
thtirelofore sold. At tho uxptrutlou of nineteen
yeurs from the dule of said bonds, ull liouds
sold shall cease to bear interest, uud likewise
ull bouds redeemed by lot shall veusu to bear
luteresl us iv this act provided, uud Ihe, said
state treasurer shall call iv, forthwith pay u')d
cancel the sumu. out of tho moneys iv the ludlu
basin sinking fund provided for iv this act,
uud he shall ou the llrst Mouday of Juuuitiy.
uluetoon hundred and twentyflgh', also cuocel
uud destroy ull bonds not tberoloforu sold, All
bonds issued shall be kl^uuU by ihe governor.
Hud counlersiiiued i, v the controller, and .-hall
tm endorsed by thn state treasurer, and onch
shall havfl the seal of the state stamped there
on. Karli bond shall rontaln n clause that It
Is subject to redemption by lot artor;th« year
nineteen hundred and eighteen.
Sic. 9. Interest coupons shall be attached to
each of said bonds, so that such roii|K>ns may
bn removed without Injury to or mutilation of
the i.ni.d. Said coupons shall be (''•nv'cutlvely
numbered, and shall bo signed by the state
troastirer. Hut no Interest on any of said bonds
shall be paid for anr time which may Intervene
between th" date of any of said bonds and the
Issue and salo thereof to a purchaser.
Hkc. S. The sum of one thousand dollars Is
hereby appropriated to pay tho expense that
may be Incurred b» the state troasuror In hav
ing snld bonds prepared. Said amount shall
be paid out of the San Francisco harlxir Im
lirovenmnt fum! on controller's warrants, duly
drawn for that purpose.
SB;, 4 When the bonds authorized to be is
iced under this net shall be duly executed,
they shall be by tho state treasurer sold at
public unction to the highest bidder for cash,
in HOetl parcels and numbers us Raid treasurer
shall I" 1 directed by the governor of thn state,
under seal thereof, nrter n resolution request
ing such sale shall havo been adopted by the
board or stute hnrlior commlsslonnrn; hut said
treasurer must reject »ny nnd nil bids for said
bonds, or for any of them, which Rliall bo below
the pur value of suid lionds so offered ; nnd he
may by public announcement at tho plows und
tlmn fixed for the sale, contlnun such sale, as
to tho whole of the lionds offered, or any part
thereof offered, to such time and place as he
may select. Duo notice of thn time and placo
or sale of nil bonds must bo given by said
treasurer by publication In two newspapers
published In thfl city and county or San Fran
cisco, nnd nlso by publication in one newspaper
published In the city or Oakland, and by pub
lication In ono newspaper published iv tho city
of Los Angelrs, nud by publication in ono
newspaper publlsed In the city of Hncranionto,
of co a week |for four weeks prior to such sale.
Tho costs o.' such publication shall bo paid out
of the San Francisco hnrbor Improvement fund,
on controller's warrants duly drawn for that
purpose. Tho proceeds ot tho sale or such
bonds shall be forthwith puld ovor by said
treasurer Into the treasury, and must bo by him
kept In a separate fund to bo known and desig
nated as the "India Ilasin Fund." and must be
used exclusively for |tho acquisition areu des
cribed In the uct referred to In section 1 hereof.
Drafts and warrants upon said fund shall be
druwn upon and shall be paid out or said fund
In tho same manner as drafts and warrants are
drawn upon and paid out of tho San Francisco
harlior improvement fund.
Sec. 6. For the payment of the principal and
Interest of said bonds [a sinking fund, to be
known and desigr.nted as tho "India Ilaslu
Sinking Fund," shall be, and tho sumo Is here
by created, as follows, to wit: The state Ireas
urtr shall, ou the Hrst day of each and every
month after tho salo of said bonds, take front
the Sun Francisco luirlmr improvement fund
such sum us, (multiplied by the the time the
bonds then sold and outstanding have to run
will equal the principal of tho bonds sold and
outstanding at the time said treasurer shall so
tako said sum from said Son Francisco harbor
Improvement fund, less the amount theretofore
taken therefrom for suid purpose; and ho shall
place the sum iv the India basin sinking fund
created by this act. Saldstato trcasurershall,
on controller's warrants duly druwn lor that
purpose, omploy the moneys In said sinking
fuud iv the purchase of bouds of tho United
States, orof the State of Calirornia, or or the
sovnrul counties or municipalities or the State
of California, whiensaid bonds shall bo kept in
a proper receptuvlo appropriately labeled; but
he must keep always on hand a sufficient
amount of money In said sinking fund with
which to pay the interest on such of the state,
bonds herein provided to be issued as may have
theretofore been sold. And to provide means
for the payment of interest on the bonds that
may bo sold and outstanding, said treasurer
shall monthly take from the San Francisco har
bor improvement fuud. and pay into tho said In
dia basin sinking fund, au amount equal to the
monthly interest then duo on all bouds then
sold, delivered and outstanding. Tho board of
stale harbor commissioners are hereby author
ized aud directed by tho collection of dockage,
tolls, rtuts, wharfage and cranage, to collect
a sum of money sufficient tor tho purposes of
this Bet.over titi'.l iibove tho amount limited
by RCCtlon Iwo thousand five hundred anj
twenty-six of the l'olitical Coile of the Stute
of '.'nllfonilii, Between the first find lenlh
any of November. In the year nineteen hun
dred und eighteen, nnd between the Hist and
K'lilli iliiyof November of each year there
after until tho maturity of said bonds thesald
tieasuivr shall, In the p.esenco cf the gover
nor, proceed to draw by lots such an amount,
of bonds us shall be requisite to exhaust ns
nearly u» may be the uimmnt In said sinking
fund at that time, and shall thereupon and
before the tenth day of December following,
give notice by public advertisement, to be in
serted in two newspapers published in the
ellj nnd county cf Sun Francisco, and also in
one newspaper published In the city oi'Oak
htnil, and iilsojn one newepiiper published
in Ihe city of Los Angeles', and also In oms
newspaper pudlished the city of .Sacramento,
stiilinz the number of bonds so drawn, and
that i lie principal of of said bonds Will be
puld on presentation to the treasurer on or
before the second duy of January, following,
ami that lrotn and after such last named
date all interest upon bonds thus drawn shall
ceuso, and it shall be the duty of the treas
urer us soon as said bonds so drawn by lot mo
mu rendered to nimand puld.ito cancel the
same, and the interest eotlDons thereon, and
cash yenr, beginning with the yenr nineteen
hundred and eighteen, the «ild ticnsurer
.-<hall. in tho manner aforesaid, proceed to
draw by lot sueh.;an amount of bond* s-j sliitJl
be requisite to exhaust as nearly ns mnv l«c
the amount, in said sinking fund, and'pro
ceed in the nivniierherclnabovo.stnti;d, Alter
the payment of all said bonds, tin; surplus
or balance reniuliiliigiii said sinking fund, if
any there be.Jsball forthwith be paid Into the
Sun Francisco tinrborlmnrovement fund. At
the time of the respective drawings by lot, jis
aforesaid, und also at the maturity" of said
slate bonds, snld treasurer shall sell Ihe
lulled Stutes or other bonds then in said
linking fund, at governing market rates, after
advertising Jtlie sale thereof In the manner
herein before ptovlded for the salo of bonds
hereby authorized to be issued, and shall use
thu proceeds for, the paymentof such bonds
n< may be drawn by lot, and ut tin; maturity
of said bonds outstanding shall puy und re
deem said matured outstanding bonds out of
said moneys in said fund In extinguishment
of said bonds on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose."— Amendment ap
proved November ii. A. I>. l'.ior.
Skc. 0. The Htiite controller mid state treas
urer shall keep full and particular account und
record or all their proceedings under tills act,
and they shall transmit to Ihe governor an ab
stract ot ull such proceedings thereunder, with
an annual rrjiort, to be by tho governor laid lie
lora the legislature .biennially! and all books
mid papers pertaining to tho mutter provided
lor In this act shall |it all times lie open to tho
inspection of any party interested, or tho gover
nor, or the attorney general, ;or v ■ ominiinwot
either branch of the legislature, or it Joint com
mittee of both, or nay citizen of tho stato.
sko. 7. It shall be the duty of thn statii treas
urer to pay the iutenst of said bonds, when the
sumo falls due, out of the ulnkiug tund provid
ed tor in this act, <m controller 1 * warrants duly
drawn for that purpose.
SKI). 8. This act, If adopted by th« people,
shhll take eiTect on the Ihirly-llrst day of Decem
ber, A- D, nineteen hundred and eight, as to ull
Its provisions except thotte relating In uud neciw
wtry for its submission to the people, und ror
returning, canvassing, and proclaiming the
votes, and iih to said exepptml provisions this net
shul I lake Offset immediately.
SKC. H, This uct shall be submitted to the peo
ple or the Htutoor California tor their ratlileaticu
ut the next geiierull eluetion to be holden in the
month of November, a. v. nineteen hundred and
eight, iiii'l ull bullols at said election shull have
printed thcrc'in, und at the end thereof, Ihe
words, "For the Indlu llasln Act," uud In v sep
arate line under the same words "Against the
India iiusln Act." mid opposite [wild lines there
Hhall be but spaces hi which the voters may
make or stump v cross in Indicate whether they
voto for or ugulnst Him said uct. uud those voting
for,' Mild net shall do so by plucing across opposite
words "For the India llusln Act," and ull those
votlugaguhiHt the said act shall do »<> by placing
v cross opiKisilit the wonU "Against Die India
llasin Acl." Tho governor of this xtulo shall m
elnde tho submission of this act to tho pooplo.ua
utorcKtiid, In hi-, proclunmliou culling for said
general election.
ttEO, ID, Tho votes east for or against this uct
shall i" 1 counted, returned and canvassed und
declare I iv the ittDkO miinner and mibjsot to the
Hume, rules us votes caul fur stato oltlcers: uud it
11 appear that said act shall have receive! v
majority of nil tiio votes east fur uud against it
at wild election n« aforesaid, then th« same
shall havo effect as htrclnbutoro provided, and
shall bo irrepcalable iiulil the principal ami In
terest of the lluhllilleH herein created hall be
paid and discharged, aud tho governor -hall
uisk" proclamation thereof | but n a majority of
Hie volt's eusl us ufurcHald are against Ibis uel
then tlio same shull lv* and I .•■- void.
ski. lU' i, ll shall be the duly of tho sivrc-lury
of sin to to have, this uel published In at leust one
newnjiapcr ill cucli i ountv, or city and county, it
one be published therein, throughout lliisstulu,
for llin'" lnoulliH next preceding Him general
election to h« holdvu hi the month of November
A. J. nineteen bundled uud night, tint cohlm of
publication nhall.be |, u id out of the Sun Fran
clseo harbor Improvement fund, on controller's
warrants duly drawn (ur thai uurutMA./ 1 —
Amendment unproved November 23, a. l>. r.i>7.
KEC, 11. This uel may Ui known aud died us
tuc "India liaslu Acl."
St;c. 12. AM not* nn>l ['»<(« n t «<< In '■"nfll'-t
nllli tho provlslnns of im- n<t nn- licrMijr r««
I>enloil,
W. ft, l"omen.
I'rmlilcnf "f Mio Hrnnte.
](. 1.. 1:1 Ainwi.r.i--.
fipoiikorcif tho AfM'inlily.
AppTOttd Miinh 21st, a. I). I.m;.
J. y. (Uf.tiKrr. (tmrrnor.
E rnlf.isfit : Filed in Mii*r>m>o Ilio SPcrolnrj- <f
Stnip. Ihsmint ilny «t Mnrrti. A. D, ISO". •'. F.
Canj i Secretary of MM* iiy.r. Honcni Dpfmtf,
(Aiiiflvlfd liy HotmlP Hill So, 7, CliH|ilim - ■*.
jmospil nl thS EX trn HflMton of tlinTlilrly-wvrtitli
Session of th<> fiOftlxlaturf.)
TV. I!. PO»TtH,
Pr'Mdpnt (T Hip Sfnnt<\
It. J,. lIF.AtiHHi.Ef:,
fippokrr nl tlif Aatemblfi
Approved NnrnmliPr W, A. I. IBo7i
.f. N. (JILt.KTT, (tovornnr.
Endowed I Flloil in thnnnii'' 1 <f t lio .Mcii»ti#f
iirntHtP, llin airrl day of November. A. 1). l!«>r.
t'.F. Ctury, SPcrPtftrjr of Mtitn, Jy2t Hit
TOWERS FISH BRAND
WATERPROOF \Cl\
OILED CLOTHING^
looks better -wears longer -/v/y J
and gives more ii\
bodily comfort wT'/r JA
because cur on -ViP^rs^r^ \\
lorge patterns. yei /i>\lLJt
costs no more thdn Hr^\Y\ N V \
the "just os good kinds\VJ\ \
SUiraSLICKER5 $ 3°ilK\
SOLD EVERYWHERE \ WKr \a
tvtry qormenl rfOjWEfl'C JZ§3 >
beonna the .».. -. ** . 4fef *-~,«' «.»»
sign of the fish • J j fg^ '
Si '*bHWS& «"•*••!;«
ITilpll
Floral Designs, Cut Flowers,
Bouquets.
336 East Weber Avenue,
STOCKTON, CAL. jy:;ft
L A. DANNER
Paints Wall Paper
Glass Brushes
Painting & Decorating
15 S. HUNTER STREET
jy[ltf STOCKTON. CAL.
wicipraifiCo
Kemp & Heffernan, Prop'r.
Awnings [made to order.
Carpets Cleaned and Refitted.
Upholstering and Mattress Making 1
330 S. CALIFORNIA STREET;
jylltf STOCKTON CAL.
eicett*totti«e«M«iMai*»«
£ DAILY STAGE LINE;
• BETWEEN *
• JACKS OiV and EL DORADO \
• J. Stelner, Proprietor. •
0 Leaves Jackson every morning at 7:30 !
; a, m.: arrives at Plymouth 10:30 v. m. m
• Leaves Plymouth at Ip.m.; arrives at •
• El Dorado sp. m. •
J Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a.m.; arrives J
• at Plymouth 1 1 a. m. Leaves Plymouth •
• at 2p. m. ; arrives In Jackson at 5 p. m. •
! Officrs— JacUson. National Hotel; Sut- 5
f terCroek, American Exchange; Ama- !
Z dor City, Amudor Hotel; Dry town, Ex- Z
2 change; Plymouth, Forest House. J
• Prompt delivery of packages. •
• This line ronnecls with passenger •
*» trains to and from Placcrvllle. •
S THROUGH FARE ■ • • • S2.SO *
• Fifty pounds of baggage free. •
• ••(OtttttOCMtttlMtltlßf
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA
Hoarding and day school conducted by the
Sisters of Notro Dame{Numur). Founded
iv ISM.
The curiculuni embruces all the branches of ;■.
solid English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses iv art, language, and muslo
For further Information address
U 'U SISTER SUPERIOR
L. Yogeli, Jeweler I
We havo the most assort- |
od and complete stock of I
goods outside of San |
Francisco in various I
styles ot Watches, |
Diamonds. Jewelry, |
platcSterling, Silver- |
ware, rich American |
Cut Glass. Brie a- |
Brae, and Novelties- |
If you art* in need of any H
such good s i please look mine n
over first. Prices art* all as low n
as can consistently bo mado H
A ONE PRICE STORE. |
Foot of Main st., Jackson a
34
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
Correspondents Wanted
. Wo wHiit n regular correspondent in
Amnilor, Drytown, Plymouth and
Volcano. We will send a ilnliy pnpor
free, also stationery supplies nnd
stamps to any one who will act as
correspondent in each of the abovo
placea. Let ua hear from you. We
want tbe ikiwh.
OLiri'A.
Oct. 11. --.Mrs O. M. Cooper and
Mrs O. T, (Jinn entertained a few
friends .Saturday, October 10th, from
S:'(tDto4:3o p. m. Dainty refresh
ments were served.
D. (l. Cnrr and little son, Joseph,
of Plaoerville, nre visiting at the resi
dence of Mrs Il'.I I . A. Tyler. They in
tend making Mr Cnrr'a aunt, *Mrs M.
E. I'urinliiii, a visit before they re
turn home.
11. W. INetf i 9 visiting his family.
He is at present iv tbo employ ot tbe
linyward & liobart tistnte Co., a few
miles from Caldor Mills. His family
expect to join him soon to spend the
coming winter.
T. C. Mayon arrived in Oleta Wed
nesday from Oaklund, in the inter
est of the MoKinley Mine.
Work is progressing slowly at tbe
well known Cooper mine. Mr Kologg
tbe superintendent, bas not yet re
turned from Oakland.
Mrs Chas. Van Valkenburg, who
bas been visiting at tbe borne of ber
uncle, Claud Wilson, returned to ber
homo in Los Angelos last Monday.
Sbe made many friends during ber
brief stay.
Tbe grape pioking snason is fully
bere. 1. V. Ostrom is busy witb a
force ot men gathering bis over
abundant crop.
Humor has it that the "All-Sacra
meutos" did not find suoh easy pick
ing at Jackson. "Tbree cheers for
tbe Jackson nice," tbe good people
of Oleta say, as one ot our boys is
among tbe number.
Key. Kiobardson appointed to tbe
Plymouth circuit, delivered a . very
able discourse at tbe M. 14. church
Sunday evening. Me was entertained
at tbe borne of Mrs C. M. Cooper.
Observer.
LANOHA PLANA.
Correspondence Record.
Oct. IV.— B. W. Thayer baa put a
force of men to work on his copper
mine, two miles above here, pumping
out tbe water preparatory to upening
up tbe mine. Mr Tbayer bas built a
cottage on tbe land and is now
occupying it.
Mrs Harriet I'ardoo of Soquel, was
bere on a short business trip. She
was accompained ou Tuesday liy Mrs
.Lizzie Pardoe, who returned borne
Thursday.
Mr and Mrs Wilson Grail, jr., of
Stockton, are visiting witb tbe
former's mother here.
X. Sheridan went to Stockton last
week.
H. A. iJaird commenced work at
tbe Perm Chemical works tha first of
tbe week.
C. liuok and family, formerly of
Burson, moved into one of tbe Ekel
cottages tbe first of the week.
Miss Mildred linird spent Monday
and Tuesday of this week at Wallace
as tbe guest of Mrs Hayes.
OL.ETA.
Oct. '20. — rim weather is anything
but pleasant tbe last few days, occas
ionally showers followed by heavy
north winds. For tbo last tew morn'
ings frosts bave appeared on tbe
bouse tops.
Claud Wilson returned Saturday
from a flying business trip to Sacra
mento. He also visited bis sisters,
Mrs Stewart and Mrs Uroce.
Mib Winnifred Schilling, an old
resident of Oleta, is here visiting
friends, tier home for tbe last year
has been in Sacramento. She was
warmly welcomed by her old frieuda
and neighbor*!.
Mies Kale Scbroeder, who has been
so seriously ill for tbree mouths U
improving slowly under tbe skillful
euro of Dr. Normal! of Plymouth.
Onr veteran mining man, T. C.
.Mayim, who baa been with us for
several days, bud tbe misfortune to
lose his purse in some mysterious
way, containing considerable coin.
He win a passenger on tbe out-going
Btage yesterday afternoon eu route to
bis borne in Oakland.
Miss I'Ah'w Hill expeots soou to
visit Woodland and Oroville, where
ber relatives reside, she will also
visit C. !•'. Thomas and wife, who
will depart shortly tor Europe, on an
extended tour. Mlhh Alice Curaun
will nooompiiuy her borne to spend
tbe winter months.
Alias Arm^tead, our populur teacher,
is giving perfeot fmtisl'aotiou thus fur,
much to tbo delight ot tbe pHiouta.
li. Il'.I I . ISuoou is oxpeuted home soou
to spoud lii» vacation. Jie is em
ployed an night watohruau at thu
Preston School of Industry.
Lawrence Hurke, grandson ot the
lute Mrs 11. K. l-'uiubuiu. who has
been visiting relatives nnd friends,
has returned to Oakland, where be
la employed. Observer.
Lame Back.
Xhla ailment is usually nnnsed by
rheumatism of the muaclea of the
email of tbe back, and la quickly
cured by applying Chamberlain's
Liniment two or tbree times a dny
and mafigaging tbe patta at. each
application, I 1I 1 or aale by Jackson
Dmg Store, Spagnoli, Prop.
10NE.
Oct. '22— mlkh Ulanche Hi«miin,Mvlin
whp visiting In tbe city for a wenk,
returned borne Sunday.
There is a case of[smallpox in lone,
but nt last reports tbo patient was
doing nicely, and no other cases nre
reported, although several families
who have been exposed are under
quarantine.
Miss tilsie Martin, who assists nt
the 1. nnd rJ. depot in this place, lihh
linen working at Martells this nook
during tbe absence of Mr McPberuou.
Mrs Fred Miller who bas been sick
with pneumonia, died nt her borne
yesterday morning, and tbe funeral
will be held Friday afternoou. She
bas been a loving wife nnd mother,
and a boat of friends mourn ber un
timely death. Tbo bereaved family
luivh the sympathy of the entire com
munity.
Mrs Isaao Smith, who baa benn
visiting her sieter, Mrs Uass, during
the summer months, returned to her
borne in New Jersey Tuesday.
Jim Amick is having bis properly
occupied by Grant Prouty, painted,
and other improvements bave been
added.
Mrs Dunlap and daughter, Helen,
wlio bave been absent for almost a
year, returned | to lone Wednesday
□ Igbt. We nre glad to welcome them
into our midst again.
(ioo. Harris, wbo works for tbe
Wbitaker estate at Cult, spent this
week in lone.
Mrs Wm. Clifton visited Stockton
last Saturday and Sunday.
Cbas. White and wife are visiting
relatives iv Tracy. loneite.
SIOO.OO Reward
would gladly be paid for a cure by
many people wbo are crippled witb
rheumatism, yet if tbey only knew it,
they can be cured by a few bottles of
Uallnrd'a Snow Liniment, and tbe
prioe is only, 250, SOo and $1 pet
bottle. Sold by Kubser's City Phar
macy. . ' '
JACKSON VALJUKV.
Oct. 22.— Will Smitb, an old
friend ot Mr Bryant, is spending a
few days at the hitter's home in Jack
son valley.
Missßaohael Phillips ot lone, spent
last week with friends in tbe valley.
Ernest Lucas spent Saturday night
and Sunday witb bis brother, Vance,
at tbe Kidd ranch.
Wes Amick of lone made a business
trip through tbo valley on Wednes
day last.
Tbe people ot the valley were very
mncli dissappointed when they beard
there was to be no game |Sunday. as
tbey were all counting on going to
Camanohe to see them whip tbe Jack
son team.
Mr and Mrs Joe Kidd spent Sunday
with ber mother, Alls M. Foster, iv
Julian district.
Albert Snhn and M. Tubba are now
engaged digging a well for J. Kidd.
Vance .Lucas and Jlosa Alford made
a busiuess trip to Sutter Creek _latt
Monday.
Joe Dufrene and family are expect
ed home from tbo mountains this
week.
A. C. Miner made a business trip
to Liockford and Stockton last week.
Miss iJluueho Uentio made a busi
ness trip to Stockton Saturday.
The Weather.
"Do you think there is any reliable
way of foretelling the weather?"
"Yep," answered Farmer Corntos
sel. "Jes" think of the kind you don't
want nnd then prophesy It."—Wash
ington Star.
Full of It.
Mrs. Onterby— ln a short time now
we will do nil our heating by alcohol.
Cater by— That's good. All we'll have
to do will be to connect your Uncle
Jnke to the furnace and range.— Life.
Foolish Question.
"Why. my boy, did you fall in that
open coal hole?"
"No; course not. I wuz in here, an
they built a pavement over me."—ll
lustrated Bits.
Notice of Time Appointed
For Proving Will, Etc.
lv the Superior Court in nod for
Hid county of Aniador, State of
California.
lv tbe Matter of the Estate of
David It. (Jltford, deceased.
Motioe is hereby given that Satur
ituy, tbe 7th day ot November, lWß, ut
10 o'clock a. in. ot! Bald ilny ut tbe
court room of said court, ut tbe Court
House lv .IncliHoii, in tbe county of
Auiudor, bus neon uppoiutod hh tbe
time >iikl pluoe (or proving tbe will
of Uuvid l{. Uitfurd, deceased, and
for uouring the Hpplicution of Llille
A. J'ayton, tor tlin itjHiiiiiico to Inn
of letters teutauieutuiy, wbeu nnd
uliurn any person Intel otited iniiy ap
pHHi- and content the same.
Dated, October 21, IDOri.
J. K. lIUIIKUTV.
Clerk.
Robert (..'. Uolh, attorney for up
pliOßDt,
A v A 7^v tunrnm wckson, CA < LmmjNj.n,
How a Qirl Throw*.
Tftrhnps a better title would have
been "How n Girl Doesn't Throw,"
because it is well known thnt a girl
Cannot prowl n ball or anything else
like a boy. Most people- and all boys
-conclude that this defect arises from
clumsiness, but thnt Is n nilstnko.
The difference between a girl's throw
ing and n boy's in Rulistnntlnlly this;
The boy crooks his elbow nnd
roaches back, with tlio upper pnrt of
his nnn tlbont nt a right angle of forty
five degrees*. The direct net of throw
ing Is accomplished by bringing the
nrm back with n sort of simp. Working
every joint from shoulder lo wrist.
The jilrl throws with her whole nnn
rigid, the boy with his whole nrm ro
toxod. Why this marked nnd unmis
takable d I /Terence exists mny be ex
plained by the fact Hint tho Clavicle
or collnr bone In the feminine ntmtnniy
Is some Inches longer nnd set sotno de
crees lower down thnn In the maseu
llno frnmo. The long, crooked, nwk
wnrd bone Interferes with the full nnd
free use of tho nnn. This Is the ren
son why n girl cannot throw n stone.
First Victory of ths Revolution.
The Importance of the assault upon
Fort William nud Mary Is generally
overlooked by historians, The demon
strations Dgaidßt various British armed
vessels, beginning with tho firing upon
the schooner St. John in July, lfG-l, ns
well ns the battle of Alamnnce, in
North Carolina, In 1771, were essential
ly local and were so far removed from
the Revolutionary period thnt they pro
duced no appreciable effect upon the
war Itself. The "Boston massacre"
was the repulse of a mob by a squad
of British regulars', but at Fort Wil
liam nnd Mary the royal standard wns
lowered for the first time, nnd the gun
powder taken therefrom was burned
by the patriots nt Bunker Hill. The
king recognized in the daring nssnult
the Inevitability of the Impending
struggle. There Is truth in the claim
set forth on the tablet on the old Fort
Constitution of today that the site
marks "tho first victory of the Amer
ican Revolution."— Army and Navy
Life.
A Pretty Warm Fish.
A well known fisherman was fishing
for perch and was seated along the
edge of a lake near the roots of a
large tree, which was a favorite spot
for the perch. Luck had been only
fair, and be was debating on the ques
tion of hauling in the line and going
home when there came a powerful
tug.
He knew that he had a huge fish
and struggled vigorously for twenty
minutes before be landed bis prize.
It was a sunfisb, one of tbe largest be
had ever seeu. lie landed it on the
bank, and then be noticed that the
rays from the fish were so powerful
that be was almost blinded, and tbe
grass In the vicinity was shriveled ,up
by the heat.
A few minutes later the man fell
over. He had been sunstruck by the
sunflsli and was beyond hope.—Phil
adelphia American.
Startling.
A gentleman opened a letter address
ed to bis son containing suggestions
from a friend to the latter for a novel
which he (the son) was privately writ
ing. Tho father was exceedingly sur
prised and frightened upon reading the
following dreadful words:
Dear Bob — You really must show more
caution In constructing your plots, or the
governor will be suro to discover the
dead body of Goraldlne In the cellar, and
then your secret will be out. You con
sulted me about the Btrychnlne. I cer-_
talnly think you aro giving It him In'
rather largo doses. Let Emily put her
mother In a madhouse. It will answer
your purpose well to have tho old girl
out of the way. I think your forgery is
for too small a sum. Make it three thou
sand. Leave the rest of your particularly
nice family circle to me. I will finish
them oft and Bend you back tho "fatal
dagger" afterward by post. Yours,
JACK.
—London Express.
Burning Heretics.
The following Items, copied from the
municipal records of Canterbury by an
English magazine, show that the burn
iiig of heretics in 1535, tlio time of tbe
gonlal King Henry VIII., was an Jn
expeiislve aij-.UF.onieut:
To bringing a heretic from Lon
don Hs. Bd.
Tor v.-ood to burn him l!s. Od.
For Gunpowder Id.
A stake and staple fed.
Total 17s. Cd.
Inspiring Hope.
The Doctor— Hear up, I must tell
you the worst— you can't possibly re
cover. Thy Client— That's a pity, for
If I'd lived n bit longer I should have
come Into a fortune. As it Is, I haven't
a. penny to pay you with, doctor. The
Doctor— Wellj now, don't give up hope.
We'll try to mend you. We'll try.—ll
lustrated lilts.
Aa to Stago Fright.
"Stnge fright" Is biirely among tha
most mysterious of KtuTden seizurt'«.
It boslua when the actor or speaker
thinks "they are not Interested la me."
It ends when bo determines "I will In
terest them."— London Chronicle.
The Modern Child.
Little Girl of Four (standing en
tranced before tho window of v toy
shop)— Oh, mother, If you wus my lit
tle girl, wouldn't I take you in nnd
buy you some of these lovely things!—
London Tatler.
Her Preference.
"I want to uiako n gift to Miss Pas
eny," wild Dudley. "I wonder what
sort of nuliual tsho'd prefer for n pctV"
"A man," promptly suggested Miss
Knox.— Philadelphia Press.
- The only real thing In to study bow
to rid HfV of lamentation and com
pliilnt.—Enk-tetus.
BORN.
DOTl'i;. —In Jackson, October 18,
ll'iirt, to tbo wile of (Justovas Dotte,
II Fdll.
iMAIIAIIOVIUH— In .laohsou, Ootober
17, liioH, to the wife of — Miiharo-
vich. a daughter.
iMVEKH-ln Sacramento. Oct. H. 1008,
to the wife of F. Myers, a sou.
CAKPKNI'KK-ln lone, Octobor 4,
l!) 08, to the wife of Uuld Car-
penter, a son.
MARRIED.
I'KKMCII-LUI'J. — In Jackson, at tbo
Method Ut parsonnae, October 10,
19UD, by the Key. T. H. Nicholas,
lllatr Hi Krenah of Oletn, and Miss
Margaret K. Lee of .Latrobe.
KIMUALL-IJOWLINU.-,ln a«u An-
drefls, Octobor B, 1J)U8, Albeit A.
Klmball of Volcano, and Francis
Howling of West I'iiinl.
ijUEcf!
WHITLATCII. — In Oakland, October
13, 1008, Sarah L. Wbitlatcb, wife
of tho late Duuiul 11. Whitiuch, and
mother ot Mrs A. M. linnet, Mrs
Ui F. Clough of Han Fedro, aud
Mrs Charles M. Ecklaud of Stock-
ton, a native of Erie, I'a., ugud Oil
years 5 mouths and (J days.
GII'FOKD.-At Ibe Soldier's Home,
Los AugelcH county, October 10,
1008, David K. GittorU,; v native of
Ohio, aged 04 years.
CItUSON.-ln Plymouth: Ootobor IS,
ISOB. John A. Crusou, a native of
California, aged 3*2 years.
Notice tor Publication. — No. 0609.
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Laud OUlce at SSacramoutu, Col,,
Oct.. It), 1908.
Notice is hereby given that Frank
12, Hlakeley, one of thu hoirs of. aud
fur the heirs ot Martba Hhikely, de-
ceased, ot Pine Cirove, Calif, wbo, on
November 13, 1901, made U. E., No.
7180, tor Jot 8, Section 28 and N^ of
NKJi, Section 'Si, Township ' N..
Range VI X, Mount Diablo Meri.
diuu, bas liled notice of intention to
make final five year proof, to estab-
lish claim to the land above describ-
ed, before tbe U. d. commission tor
Amador county, at bis ofßoe in Jack-
son, Calif., ou tho 7th day ot Decem-
ber, VMV.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Joseph Uarabuldi, of Volcano, Cal.,
K. A. Trask, Jehu J. Crunrner and
Frank Walker, ot Pine (Jrove, Calif.
JOHN F. AEMSTKONU,
. Register.
In the United States District Court
For the Northern jDistrict of
California.
In the Matter ot K. V. Koyovioh,
ltauUrupt. >
To tbe creditors of said bankrupt:
lake notice that 1... J. CJlavinovicb,
trustee of tbe estate of said baukrupt,
bas tiled herein his petition for an
order authorizing him to sell at
public auction tbe real estate nud
personal property bulouguiu to said
estate; and that said petltiou will
come on for hearing befoie tbe under-
signed at bis otlice, Kuom 505 Uryle
Ulrlg., coiner of 7tb and J streets,
Sacramento, Calitornia, on tbe -Ith
day of November. 1008, at 10 o'clock
a. in., and you are directed to show
oau&e, if any you buve, nt said time
and place, why an order of sale as
prayed for should not be made.
If no ouch causo be shown, an order
authorizing the sale of said property
at public auction will be made ac-
cordingly, nnd said truHtee will on
Saturday, November 7tb, 190S, at 12
o'clock noon, in front ot tbe board-
ing bouse ou said premises, which
ate hereinafter described, offer for
Bale at public auction the following
described real property:
That certain tract of land situated
in Auiador county, California:
HciiiiK a fractional part. of tbe north
corner of tbe south east quarter of
tbe north west quarter of Section 21,
in Township (3 north of H. 11 X., M.
D. li. & M., and more particularly
described as follows, to wit*
beginning^ a point on tbe public
road leading from thu town of Jack-
son to Jackson ( !ntn near a telegraph
polo nt about 100 feet from tbe north
west corner of S. W. Urigbt's fence,
tbenoe running northerly along tbe
Hue ot said road towards Jackson
(into about '-!fj(> feet to a stake and
point in tbe road in a line witb tbo
north' fence of Micbele (Sluioli'a
cabin; thence easterly aloug tbo Hue
of said fence about 108 feet to a
point; thence running southerly
about 190 feet to a stake, which stake
is about 100 feet north lv a direct
lino from said linght'a fence; thence
running westerly about 135 feet to
tbe place of beginning, the same be-
ing a portion of the premises hereto-
fore owned by Minis (Jlnicb und N.
Kveticb, containing 5 ucres of laud,
moio or less, commonly called tbe
"Paul (Joevich lot," togother witb
tbe improvements thereon.
And at the uairm time und plHcu
said trustee will uell tbo personal
property helougitig to snid estate,
which is particularly described as
follows:
The fixtures and furniture in tbe
building ou tbe above lot of land,
consisting of an outfit lor v boarding
bouse, nud lining a range, ice-cheat,
bode, bedding, disbes, tables, chairs,
etc.
Ibe terms and conditions of said
sulo shall be cash, gold coin, 2~> per
cent thereof to be paid to the
auctioneer at thu time of siMe, and
tbe bitliiiicti on confirmation of said
snle by the uuderuigned retnree.
The Inventory and appraiyemout of
nnid property in on tile iv in the
otllco ot tbe referoe.
Further iutoriniition concoiuing
fit id property nmy be bad upon
uppllcatlou to L. .1. (ilnviuovich.
trustee, or \V. J. *.Mctie« |t>N attor-
ney, ut Jackson, California.
Dated, October 21. IDOB.
chakLeh a. iiliks.
Iteferee iv iiuukruptcy.
1 is? •$%&
||j workingmen p «Sj^i
Political Announcements.
W. M. AMICK
Of lone, Regular Republican nominuo
for
SUPERVISOR
TowDshlp Two, Amador County.
Eloction. .. .Tuesday, November S, 1908
T. j. BURROW, Jr.
Regular Republican Nominee for
SUPERVISOR
Supervisor District, No 1, Amador co.
. JOHN STROHM
Regular Democratic Nominee for
SUPERVISOR
Township 1, Amador county.
Absolutely tho lightest-running lock-
stick Sewing Machine -
SINGER
The latest result of fffty years' ex-
perience in making Sewing machines
for family use.
Machines sold on easy terms.
A. W, STONE, Agent
aug2B JACKSON, CAL.
HODSON
■ *■ tf i.i i •- ■ ■ - . ■
#*The Photographers
ENLARGED PICTURES
PHOTOS
214 S SanJoaquin st.
STOCKTON
813 X st SACRAMENTO
1250 Clay st OAKLAND
| BANKING |
|BY MAIL j
• The Stockton Savings und •
• Loan Society with resources *
J of SI,IWO,OUU.OU offers every J
• facility for doing a banking a
• business by mail. Checks •
J takeu payable in any part uf J
• tbe United States. Our eys- •
• tern ot banking by mail *
J| practically brings this grunt 2
• bunk to your door. To open ■
• an account with us, place •
2 the amount you wifth lo start X
• within an envelope addrossed i
• to us und by return mail you *
J will receive a .bank book 5
• snowing toe amount of your •
• deposit. The United Status JJ
2 mails are safe and no one 2
• ever lost a dollar iv this way. m
• We solicit the accounts ot *
2 farmers, busineos men ami 2
• othors and attire them court- m
• eous and liberal treatment. 2
• Kindly mention this Paper 2
• So ml for freo Booklet. 2
1 STOCKTON SAVINGS I
• AND LOAN SOCIETY •
2 o '
r 2
• Stockton, California. 2|
If You Want
Good Health
i
DRINK NOTHING BUT
KiiHstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Malt
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. myZ9
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•»•»♦♦»»»♦♦♦♦ ♦•♦*
I DON'T HIDE YOUR MOKEY ||
 I'be ninn wbo hides his mouey J|
1 > becuuse he assumes to be afraid , ',
2 of banks forgets that It was the < >
it bank tiiat perhaps made {the ''
<> prosperity possible which Rave %
• him his mouey (making oppor- < >
5 tunities. Without the bank "'
<i there would be no large com- ',',
<| mercial or business enterprisen <■
\, possible, Fuluries and wage? *'
i> would be low, and money mak- J'
• ing impossible. It is the bank *
(1 in the exerciso of its funotiou •'
0 in gathering together the funds *',
T.ot a community and putting <>
2 them into active use that has *'
<> brought prosperity. J|
j| To hide money is the hiuder 4.
X and hurt prosperity by restrict- 4 ,
4 1 iug tbe circulation of money. 4 .
< [ Wring your money to tbe baufc. * <
j; Bank of Amador County ||
<> Jackson. California. 4!
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦») I
•••••••• ••••ootttoti icitps
• •
• GO TO THE •
iah iii
: .ssr^aHKEAD 5
IH.1 H. DAL PORTO X CO. PRO'RS- 1
© m
• Wo alsolkecp ;i larpc stock of Statue •
~ and Fancy •
• GROCERIES \
« Oar Specialty— Freshlßreadreverv day m.
2 except Bu»doy •
SUES BANK FOR MONEY B
TAKEN FROM BOX ■
SAN.FKANUISCO, Aug. 1!).— I
Suit, for the recovery of $17,iJ1.">, M
iv gold coin, which he alleges [
has been stolen from bis safety B
deposit box, was Hied yesterday ■
against tho l-'rench- American B
liank of this city by Henry Cail- H
leaud of Souoma county, i'laint- 8
iff alleges that the money was ■
placed in tho box on Juno IStb, R
and that when tbe box was next k
opeued by him ou July Ist. the H
coin wus missing. 62
Take your mouey out of your v
hiding plnco and deposit it iv the I*
The People's 1
Savings Bank 8
OF SACRAMENTO, |
whore it will earn -1 per cent, ou H
Ordinary Deposits und \\i per Ej
• cent ou reror Deposits, free U
\ from taxes. H
\ 1$!O6,6OO to Loan 1
1 On ronl estate at present timo Xl
; WmTbECKMAN, Prebidcnt |j
| A. G. fc'OLGER, Cashier, |[
11 Sond for our booklet, |1|
| "HANKING BY MAIL." B
Electrical Wiring
i
Of all descriptions
Door and Call bells and
short lino Telephones
totalled in any home.
For particulars cail j
G. M. Voorhcis - - /Main I
Jackson -, • • Californk
f~siiiOiiviAKiN6~
i |
": v. marovich
I located iii
< L. RndovJch'ai saloon at. Main
! street bl'ldye.
• — »— — —
The best kind of
"', workmanahij) and I'uily
j (( 10 percent less than any
!j oik> else in town.A Beautiful Picture
Given Away With Every Box of
KIRO TOOTH POWDER
RUHSER'S CITY PHARMACY.
Jackson* Cal.
TEMPERATURE AND RAINFALL
This table gives tho highest and lowest torn
peraturo in Jackson for oach duy.togethor with
the rainfall, as recorded by self-registering
instruments knot at tbo Ledger office:
"'■ ! &-\ ■■ '.9
ITemp; Si! -Tempi*
Date, i I £•' Doto. I ig,
iL.iii.| 2| jlviH; 2
o«tl 1. , loos; -Mi 82|.":;". bet, 17 1: I : kv*
i.'.'.\\\\ 4o| Boi"J.'.j !'!!!!«o!;!!!| • ; :'!;;■;
si '.\\\\ 4S »o;!M!i ii'vl.'wiv!'! : ; : I
» j 4fl sv ii as i : i : i. ..
io i4a. 5i!....i aa i : ; : ;—; —
11.....,: -J« K5:...,j 27 i ; i : :
/i« i4C 8i:....;i 28 !: i : ;••••
13 1 «i 81!.. .. i! 89 i : ! : ;••••
14 ! 4*710.7*! 30 ! . ! : ;••••
15 62 020.87! ..V.".. 81 i ! i : •"'
19 i 4«i • !. .. ! ! : !
"'■ ! &-\ ■■ '.9
ITemp; Si! -Tempi*
Date, i I £•' Doto. I ig,
iL.iii.| 2| jlviH; 2
o«tl 1. , loos; -Mi 82|.":;". bet, 17 1: I : kv*
i.'.'.\\\\ 4o| Boi"J.'.j !'!!!!«o!;!!!| • ; :'!;;■;
si '.\\\\ 4S »o;!M!i ii'vl.'wiv!'! : ; : I
» j 4fl sv ii as i : i : i. ..
io i4a. 5i!....i aa i : ; : ;—; —
11.....,: -J« K5:...,j 27 i ; i : :
/i« i4C 8i:....;i 28 !: i : ;••••
13 1 «i 81!.. .. i! 89 i : ! : ;••••
14 ! 4*710.7*! 30 ! . ! : ;••••
15 62 020.87! ..V.".. 81 i ! i : •"'
19 i 4«i • !. .. ! ! : !
Tot.il for Huason to ditto 1,51 Inches.
LOCAL NEWS
J. F. Wilson. Dentist. Houi-b 9a.
in. to 5 p. in. Phone— Ollico, black
141: residence. Black 391: Jackson.
Henry Frank, aged IG, who pleaded
guilty to a charge of burglary in the
second degree, was sentenced 'this
morning by Judge Ugden to spend
tbe remainder of bis minority at the
Preston School of Industry ut love.
Tbe boy's father, a ship carpenter,
was ordered to pay 811 a month for the
care of the boy.— Oakland Enquirer.
'I Amber Meek, while working about
.bis father's place on Monday, bad a
fall from tbe roof, but was lucky
enough to escape with a few bruises.
He was able to return to work Jtne
next day.
Miss Mildred Smith, who has been
employed as stenographer in W. J.
McGee's office for several years, bus
resigned ber Dosition. She left for
Sau Francisco iastgweek on a visit.
Her place bus j been taken hy Miss
Emma Farrow, of Sutter Creek, a
young lady who has recently graduat
ed iv stenography from a '^business
college. Sbe has been iv tbe ottice of
W. G. Snyder, but as the latter has
moved into quarters adjoining Mo
(Joe's, tbe stbuographer . wJW be able
to do the work for both lawyers.
Mrs Ijhuh Spaguoli, accompanied
by Mrs Henry Marre left for San
Francisco Sunday morning, for a
couple of weeks' visit. The first
named will also visit relatives in
San Jose before abe returns home.
1). li. Spngnoli a tow days ago re
ceived a directory of the practitioners
of law iv Sun Francisco. It contains
1152 names. This is an average ot
one attorney for every 1100 inhabit
ants.
Last Suuday the baseball playera of
Jackson intended togo to Camancue.
o play a return game with the
players of tliat A town. Ihey did not
go ou account of tbe curious illness
of tbe mother of George Miller, one
of tbe team. Also Woolforb, another
ot the players bad a sprained ankle,
and wus unable to go. So a message
was sent to tbe Camaucho boys that
tbe Jackson team would be tumble
to keep the engagement. It is not
likely that any more games will be
played this snasou.
Uriian Spagutdi came up from Oak
laud Tuesday on a iwo week's vaca
tion.
Investors — Write at onno abcut first
mortgage railway bonds uettiug 8 per
oeut. Swasey & Co. brokers, Mer
chants I'JxeunugK lildg., San Fran-
Cisco. Oct. 9 It
;W. J. MoGee, the' attorney, has
made arrangements with W. G.
Suyder to attend to his busiuesa bero
during bin absence.
Tbe street lights wore turned! ou
again last Monday, aud have been ou
every since. A [shortage of
water for pownr purposes is no
longer feared. Thore is considerable
water in tbe Mokelumue river. No
doubt some of the snow Unit fell in
the mountain* during the stotm nmlfs
undur the warm suushiue, aud feuds
the small streams tributary to the
Mokelumne river, and so reinforces
the water supply at the head of the
cuual.
M. L. Smith Notary Public aud
Stenographer, Court St., Jaoksou,
Telephone .Black 413.
Jamos Morrow aud family moved
from tbe (iwin mine to Jackson last
Wednesday, occupyiug one of tho
dwelling houses ou the Webb and
Aluhou trast belonging to 11. X
Stowerfl.
W. J. Nettle, foremnu of tbe Argon
aut, was tabeu with a sovere attack of
eciatic rheumatism ou Wednesday,
and has beeu confined to his bed for
tho past two days. lie returned to
bis employment at tbe mine after
the attack of a conplo of weeks ago
until this second attack soizod him.
There was twelve inches of snow on
tbe Plasse range in Alpiun county,
when they left there the latter part of
last week. After the first snowfall,
the cattle become impatient to get
out. In tact, they start out of their
own ncoord; and it is next to im
possible to bold them iv the moun
tains wbtui tbe usual timo tor migrat
ing to tho lower altitudes arrives.
All tbe stock are in tine condition
for Btock cattle.
liOH'i. —In Jacksou. iViiday even
ing, Oct. 1(5, h lady's gold watch,
with initials "A. H. H." engraved
thereon. Finder will be suitably re
warded by delivering same ,to Mrs
Uelahlde'a millinery parlors, in tbe
Webb building. x
Mrs (Juerra is offering her house
bold futniture for sale and preparing
to move to San Francisco, to be with
her two grown up daughters. She
has been keeping a boarding house
ou tne Jackson (into road, but finds
the woik becoming too arduous for
her. Sbe will take the young Holder
children with her to tbe city.
W. 11. (.ilonn was down from De
tender district yesterday. ile is
putting tne finishing touches ou tbe
now eight-roomed house ho has built,
wbicb is one of tbe finest in the
mountains. In company with Mrs
Glenn and daughter, he was here to
buy furniture and . interior fittings
for tbe now house.
| Mrs Depow, iv descending the stair
way into the collar at the residence
of U. M. iihiir ou Court street ou tbe
15th inetant, slipped and tell, receiv
ing painful brulsea about tho limbs
mid iirniH. She lias been under the
care of Dr. Gall siueo tbe accident,
but is getting along nioely toward te-
C. (J. Jensen, tbe wi<M-knotvn ex
pert optician, will be in Jacksou tbe
cud of this month. As his visit this
time will be short, all parties desir
ing to have glasses fitted to their
sight will please leave orders at Laug
borst's jewelery store.
Kirkwood's cattle got down from
the mountains Sunday. It wus storm
ing fiercely iv tho high altitudes be
fore tuny started. Considerable snow
iell during tho lute storm, ami the
woatber was very cold. All tbe cattle
meu are now out with their stock.
Friday evening an Aiiatiinn miner
named Ikrboruvieb, empoyed iv tbe
Kennedy, struck bis hand agaiUßt tbe
edge of a sharp fix, splitting opou tho
second (Inner ot tho left baud, aud
exposing the teudoui. which however
was not seveied. Dr. Sprague was
called to attend the oaso. The
putiont will have to tako a Jay olf of
a couple of weeks.
Harry Staiger, a 12 your old boy,
came up Saturduy from Sau Fran
cisco, accompanying hi.-i half gistur,
tour yours old, to Jackson on a visit
to James Mortimer, where the little
girl will make her home. The boy
returned to the oity alouo Tuesday,
to resume hi* schooling.
1). F. Taylor was around oarly in
tbe wook doing some light work at
tho Zeilu mill, lie has mado wonder
ful progress towaid recovery, con
sidering tbe nature of injuries* re
ceived by his full tit the Amador
Queou. It iippetirs that wheu the
ricketty frame work guve nay, he
pitchud squurely ou hid heutl, the
force of the fall irttcturiug one ot the
vertebrae of tho uooU, without injury
ing tho spinal column.
fidget' & Chicago liitor-Ocoan, 92.50
FIIIJ3AY, OCTOHEU WU 1008
REPUBLICAN SPEAKING.
Our congressman, lion. W. K.
Knglnbright, will address* the people
of JnckHon in Lovo'a hall tomorrow
evening. Vnteta regnrdlcsa of party,
should make It a point to henr him.
Ho will give nu account of wlml. he
linn done for this district. He has
proved «m»i of the moat vigilant '""'
influential oongrcßstnnn ever dent
from tbe Pacific const. He will bo
accompanied by 1 lon. K. M. Wolte of
San Francisco, an entertaining nud
eloquont'spenker.
A Huge Ballot.
Wo have received a sample copy of
tbe ballot to be voted at tho forth
coming election. It is from tbe
secretary of state, and gf CQurse Opqs
iitil. Include Iho local canri Mains'. It
is sent tn the couuty clerk as a guide
in making up the ofllcitil ballot. It
is tbe most tormiclable document of
tho kind evoi presouted to the voters
ot this hliilc There urn two columns
devoted to proposed iimoudmentß nud
acts to be voted upon. 'J bege pro
positions are too iutricate to be
Eolved by tho avorage . voter, and
most of them will be let severely
alone. To study out those proposi
tions would require many days of
mental toil by men of more than
ordinary intelligence Iwo that are
easily under is the repeal of tho
mortgage tax, which is Amendment
'M, also Amendment HI to allow cor
pomtious to extend tbeir existence.
These should be voted for. And the
act to remove tbe seat of government
from Sucramonto to Herkeloy should
bo voted No.
Dr. L. 1-1 Phillips moved to Palo
Alto laHt Monday, and commencod
tbe practice ot mediciuo and surgery
iv that city.
An Italian at tho Kennedy had a
pair of new boots stolen early this
week while employed iv the mine. A
number of petty thefts bave beeu per
petrated against the underground
workers recently.
James Hicks was bruised up by a
slight fall of debris iv tho Kennedy
mine Friday. He was able to go to
work again Tuesday.
An old miner, Jos. lioitatio was
wti'uck in tbe bead by a rock while at
work iv tbe Zeiln mine Monday,
onusing a scalp wound which tequii
ed a number ot stitches to close. Dr.
Call had charge of tbe case. He is
not seriously hurt, aud will be a bio
to resume work in a few days.
Max Widasky, who was here during
tbe sale of the McCutcbeu stock, and
who is now located in Placeiville.
wus in Jackson Saturday. Hu came
to inspect the stock of tbe Glaviuu
vich store, with a view to purchase it
satisfactory. He left Monday moru
iug. The ageut of the (iollober com
pany made an offer which was deemed
entirely too low, and was turned
down. Tbe disposal of tbe stock is
still uncurtain. ,
A case of diphtheria is reported in
Plymouth, tbe patient being a child
of W. JI. Keyea of that town.
Miss Anna Liove, who has been
employed in domestic work iv the
family of C. C. Giuocchiolfor nearly
a year past, left Monday morning fur
Palo Alto, under an engaKeniout
with the family ot Dr. L. W. Phillips.
Mrs P. Diihiue was brought to the
county hospital from Plymouth Tues
day, suffering from malarial fever.
Her husband whs taken sick while in
Sacramento recently, and taken to
tbe hospital of that couuty for treat-
Six incline of snow fell nround
Ham's Station during tbe storm last
week. riuoiv foil as far down as this
side of Wiley's station.
Judge Kust has had a new root put
ou his residence ou Uroadway, mid
the outside paiutod, giving it a very
uttractive appearance.
W. G. Snydor has moved into an
olilce next to McGee's law offices iv
tho Marelia building.
Oro Pino Circle had a gala time
at. tbeir lodge Wednesday evening in
welcoming an officer of the grand
lodge on a visit to the local circle.
Arthur rJatou was heie yesterduy
and today gathering exhibits for the
Alaska-Yukou Exposition to be bnld
iv Seattle next year. Persons baring
exhibits are requested to scud siiiuo
to J. A. Filouer, the commissioner ut
Sacrumeuto.
Ladies: Mrs Delubide will ho
pleased to woo you at ber new quarters
where she ia better able than ever to
display hoi iliio stock of millinery at
tho lowest prices. Kxperieuced city
trimmer, special attention to out ot
town customers. Main street, Webb
Hldg., up stnirs. '
An alarm of liro was turned in yes
terday afternoon. It vvus caused hy
come soot taking tire in tho residence
of Geo, li. Thomas over tho
butoherjsbop. it had ovideutly beeu
smoldering tor many hours, as thore
had been no Hie in tlm sttivo that
duy. The woodwork wus iguitod aud
tho smoke attracted attention of the
inmates, it was put nut without
any damugo to upeuk of being done,
and before the tlremen had time to
get ou the scene.
SHOULD BE ADOPTED.
i'o the Voters of Amador county:
In the coming election them are
toevernl constitution^ nmendmeutn to
tin voted upon, some of which ought,
to he defeated and otbera earned, nud
ftin that ought to carry is Sonata
Constitutional Amendment No. Hi,
which provides for a llxod enlory for
each member of the legislature and
limits tho daily expenditure to five
hundred dollars, and it, blbo limits
the tlmo for the introduction ot bills
from sixty days to forty days, thereby
Hiring more time for tha considera
tion of legislation nud thus providing
for "Joss Ibwb and better Ihws, " and
Hlao limiting the number of days to
thirty for which petlod ouly "can
DJQtubers receive compensation dining
on extra session.
A similar amendment ivmh submitted
in 1005, but was dfifuatod by a email
nmngn. In order that the noople
might uuderntflud that this ameud
tannt ia turned to euro au evil that
bring* tho legislature into disfavor
eaab session and is iv the interest ot
economy 1 herewith give the coßt of
the suasions of the legislature iv 190.')
and in 1907 as furnished me by the
sttitu controller over his signature,
thereby demonstrating the saving to
the people by the adoption of this
animuliuont.
The total cost of the session of^l!Jos
whs 82ij;(, f)71.78. If the amendment
referred to bad been iv force tho cost
would bave been 8195,007.10 or a net
suviuu of 837,961.(58. In addition to
those Mguroa tbo printing of legisla
tive work duriug that Rossiou, cost
892,500.
Tbo session ot 1907. c0at 82G5, 298. 52.
If Ibo amendment, referred to bad
been iv forco tho cost would have
teeu 8189,781.80 or a nut saving of
$75,510.72. In addition to tbose
figures tho printing of legislative
work during that session, cost 885,
300. Fifty per cont of the cost of
printing could be saved by tbe adop
tion of this amendment. This would
result from the limiting of the time
tor introduction of bills from sixty
days us it now is to forty days and
would pierent the duplicating ot bills
which is mi evil that costs the stale
much money each session.
Not only will that result be accom
plished but consideration to import
ant legislation will bo given. After
the per dieai ceases membnrs become
reckless aud pass bills without tbe
attention merited. Last session,
after tbe sixtieth day on different
days, bills were passed at tbe rate of
five bills in four minutes. Such
recklessness is deplorable, liy limit
ing tbe daily expenditure to live hun
dred dollars tbe eril that attends
every session of the legislature will
be eradicated and tbe army *of em
ployees will be limited, as the power
to expend more tban five hundred
dollars per day will be denied. Wheu
a stated salary is given, no longer
time than necessary to earn will ;be
consumed but every measure that
merits debate will be considered and
opportunity to discuss it given, a
condition that does not now [exist
and legislatures will hereafter find
hotter favor in public sight tban
heretofore.
To repeat it: .Let tho voter bear iv
mind that if this amendment had
beeu in force iv 190."), $57,964.68 would
have beeu saved aud iv 1907, 57.j,
516.72 would bave been saved, or a
total iv two sessions of 5i:W,481.40,
and if one-half of tho mouey expend
ed for printing could b»ve been
saved it would be 588.900 more saved,
but if only one-fourth of tba' print
ing could have beeu saved it would
have been 814,450. It. ought, there
fore, [to be appreciated that this
amendment is also in the interest of
ecouomy. Uespectfullv.
J. U. CURTIN;
Senator 12th District.
Died In the Soldier's Home.
David K. Gilford, who for several
years past tnadu his hone near De
fender iv this county, having taken
up a homestead there, died on the
10th of Ibis mouth iv the Soldier's
U trim in li«a Angeles couuty. lie
went tv tho home about two mouths
ago, being in rather feeble bealtb,
and having no near relatives here,
lie was a veteran of the civil war,
having eulisted iv Ohio, bis native
state, wheu quite a boy. Kor several
years he has beeu working in tbe
lumber camp, and bint year was em
ployed iv Xl Dorado county above
Plauervillf. Ho has uo relatives iv
tbe Htiitn. Hu leaves a tract of W> )
aorea near Defender, which he willed
to Mis Lee PHytou, ot Defender, who
is a distant relative of his. Tho re
ni6 i iid were iuterred iv tbe cemetery
of the tioldieru Home.
liny tbe 'best eewiug maobines
mado, for ealo cheap. Z. T. Justus,
Well Uldu. Jacksou.
. ,
Those rolling cam are eloquent of
labor employed atid capital at work.
What labor wants 2a nut legal hair
splitting but the opportunity to earn
Hiilf-rtiM|U!i!ting wages.
After this oumpuigu la over, liiyan
may discover that there is hu art of
well-timed reticeiicu.
STILL IN THE FRONT
For full lines of cloth-
ing, shoes, drygoods,
gloves, silks, laces,
embroideries, ladies*
waists and ties, and
corsets, all of which
will be sold to the
people of Amador
county for less than
any house in the
state, taking out the
expenses and ex-
press charges.
SHOW'S CASH STORE
Sutter Creek - California
SUPERIOR COURT
PROCEEDINGS
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
Kstate of John Eckart.— Emma
Roberts, administratrix, petitions for
final discbarge. October 31 appoint
ed for hearing.
Estate of A. Vidall, deceased.—
William Going petitions for letters ot
administration upon filing bond iv
the sum of S2OO.
New Cases
Estate of Julia Ann Wiidman, de
ceased.— W. J. McGeo petitions for
letters of administration. October 31
appointed tor hearing same. i'he
estate is valued at 51 450 aud consists
of 10 shares ot tbe capital stock of
the llawian Cotntnercinl Co., aud an
undivided one-fourth interest iv tho
Kising Star mino at Sutter Creek.
Tho heirs are two daughters Holen
McGee, ot Sutter Creek; Mary Kirk
land, residiug at Los Angeles; Milton
Wiidman, grandson, and Adelaide
Wiidman granddaughter, ot San Fran
cisco.
Josephine Scully vs. Autouo Valine,
jr. — Plaintiff sues for the possessiou
ot 990 acres of laud near iiueun Vista
under a lease and for 8897.02 rent
due under said lense.
Logan for Best Baby Photo's.
Logan, the premier photographer
of Stockton, has won a substantial
reputation by his splendid work in
photographing tbe little tots, lie has
pleased thousands with bis work and
can certainly please you. Next time
you are iv Stockton, bring tho
youngsters along and have them
photographed. tOvery comfort for
mother and child iv bis nig up-to
date'studio at No. I*> S. San> Joaquiu
street. Aug. 7-2t
Died of Typhoid Fever.
Johu A. Ciosou, sou of John t!ru
bod, tin old citizen of ttio northern
pait of the couuty, died at the Lome
of his parents in Plymouth on .Sun
day last of typhoid lever. Doceiised
had been employed duriug the hop
pioking season in the valley. It is
thought that he contracted malarial
fever while bo encaced. Jlh came
borne sutferiDk' from the attack,
which liimlly developed into typhoid,
and with fatal results. ibe fuueral
took place in Plymouth on Monday
last. Deouusod was ouly 'M yeura of
age, and his untimely death is rioup
ly regretted by a large cirolo of
acquaintances.
OASTORIA.
Bean the KM You Have Always Bought
Piccardo Fined $10.
Andrew Piccardo, who assaulted
Sum i'liear ou Maiu street lust Friday
morning for alleged interference with
liia business hi hauling freight from
Martell'H depot, wna brought butoie
recorder Thompson's court tin Hutur
duy ou complaint of i'hear; deteud
ant concluded out to ooutest the'oaee,
and pleaded guilty, gettiug off with
a light linn of ?10, which he paid.
OOCUMENTS RECORDED.
I The following Instruments have been Illea
lor record In tne recorder's olilce since our ' lat>t
report. We publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decltno to accede to
any request to suppress any document from
these columns. Don't ask us to do no
Deeds. —D. li. Mpuguoli to S. G.
Spngnoli, an undivided one-half in
terest in tbegfollowing tracts of lun.-i:
Ilk) aorea iv 17-0-12; 80 acres in 10-0
12; 40 acres in 15-G-12: 150 acres iv
10-(i-12; 50 acres iv 28-7-12; 210 acres
ml 6-15-12; 20 acres in 8-0-12; also a
fj-stanip mill, ditobes aud reservoirs,
58'J0. ,
| John 11. Moore to John F. Pauik,
20 acres iv 1-1-10, 8100
John I' 1 . Pauik to John li. Moore,
2j acres in 4-1-10, 81.
John H. Moore et ux to Thomas K.
Connelly, 120 acres in 4-1-10,8 10.
Satisfaction of Mortgages.— Hank
of Amador County to lirowu.
Marre to Letaug.
Mortgages.— ti, LJ. Letang to Hank
of Amador County, lot 4 block 7,
Jacksuu, 31500, due one day after date
with interest at the nit«,of six per
cent per annum.
J. W. Sharp to P. J. Sharp, 203
acres in 21-8-11, SHOO, due one year
after dato with interest at tho rate of
8 per oen ft per annum,
latent— United Stntos to David K.
Gilford, -in acres iv 31 aud 32-7-I.'! as
agricultural hmd.
Lis Feudeus.-Notice is filed of
action pending in cuse of Keystone
Cou. M. Co. vs. Sidney F. T. brock
etal, the plaintiff claiming 840,000
being due iv accordance with tbe
terms of an agreement executed Sep
tember 5, 1908.
Notice of Sale. — 15. Corotto gives
notice that on October 22, lUOB, be
will tell the stock in his store in
Sutter Creek to Walter T. Lucot for
81000.
Certificates ot Redemption. — Mrs
M. Maladonich ou lot 2f> block 75,
Amador City, taxes for the year 1907,
93.
M. Isaacs ou 20 acres in 19-G-10,
taxes for 190/, 85.78.
Mrs A. lioomersbine on Amador
Slate quartz miue iv 20-7-13, taxes of
S. J. ilojsiuger on IGO acres in
i!8>8-iii, taxes of 188'/, 810.03.
Mrs Le Denux on 480 acres in 28
and 29-7-12, taxes of 1902, Bh'Jl.
Never Worry
about a couch— theie's no need of
worry it you will treut it at it's Mrs!
appearance with liallard's Horehouud
Syrup. It will stop the cougb at
ouue and put your luugd aud throat
back iutu perfect healthy condition.
Sold by Hubsor's City Pharmacy.
Unclaimed Letters.
K. W. Atkinson, liliis Cnrion,
paper, J. C. Gorrie, Mr Kovacevich,
Jaoiuto Homero. Jovau liupnr.
Slightly Colder with Snow.
When you see that kind of a
weather forecast you know that rlieu
niiitisiu weuthnr is ut hand. <<«'t
rends for it now by getting a bottie
of liullurd's tiniuv Liniment. Fluent
thiug mado tor rheumatism, chil
uluitiH, frost bite, lore UDd stiff jointu
ami muscles, all uclivh aud paiUH.
2'ic, Wo and 11.00 a bottle. Sold bj
Habltr'4 City rimrniMi-y.
56
From Our Exchanges.
O. W. Haiioy mid wife, who were
residents ot Jncksnn Valley for n
liiunbet of .veins nnd who incited to
lleninl, Uivnißiiln county In .limitary,
nete burned out Jnst week, lost their
dwellng-bouse ami most of their
household goods.— h'cho.
Mrs Miltou Znihn while working at
her residence slipped nnd leli frnctur-
Ins one vt tho bones in her left nun.
wliiln nrii being a serious m-i-idt-nt It
was quite pninful and will place her
nnrler the doctor's care for n few days
— -ftcho.
Thursday morning ns Mih Arthur 1,
Vmut.y. who tenches the echool at
tlio Mountain Hpring house, whh driv
inir toschool, she met with uu acci
dent, which might havo proven seri
ous, but fortunately, she escaped
with only a few bruises. When near
the point where the liiienu Vista
road joins the main mud to Jucksnt,
one of the clips on tbo Hiuglotreo
slipped nil and struck Uie horse
cnusiug him to become tmmaunge-
Rble. Mrs Prouty was able to keep
turn in the road but in milking oue
of the hhsirp curves tho buggy was
overthrown, ami suo wi:s caught in
the top. After being drugged nlioiit.
lilty yard?, the top was wreuchad
from the buggy and Mrs Pront.v was
treed from her dangerous position.
The iiorso was captured nt Miller's
station badly bruised nud cut. nilh
the buggy very much damaged. It
seems un act of providence that Mra
i'roiity was not seriously injured.—
Echo.
C. M. C. Peters and C. NJ (Join in
have become proprietors of tho
Hi other j.Lodo Magnet, .lames-town
newspaper. Al P. lloyt is liusiiie.-H
manager.— lJuuuer.
Stnnriatd company's saw mill at
(/'old Springs will begin the mauii
iacturo of lumber next week. There
are 8,000,000 feet of logs to be sawed
before closing for tho winter.—
Banner.
iioaruiDg by experience of last
year, tbo Construction Com-
pauy mailo no attempt to harbor
men at Camp lielief for this winter.
Ail employes, save two, are out and
they will remain to act as guards tor
the property. — Manner.
Ve3tnrday evening the driver ou the
Placerville nud Auburn .statin dls
eovared the tracks of a huge bear
along the road near the historic town
of Column. He measured tin- tracks
laid found them to be B'oX.'iJ.; indies
in size, with indications of a beauti
ful outllt of immense cliuv^. lie
reported the matter upou his arrival
at Colotna, and this morning most
ot the malo population of the town
organized a bear hunt and set out
with gutis ana do/s on the trail of
bruin. So report aato the outcome
bad been teceived up till 1 o'clock
this atteinoou. Several bears have
been seen in the low foothills recent
ly, and it is supposed that they ate
either following tho sheep out from
the mountain xauges or else have
beeu driven out of their usual haunts
by tlio forest tires.— Nugget.
A crossed wire of the main line of
the Stanislaus power company with
the Vallecito and Murpbys telephone
lino caused considerable damage
-Monday. The heavy cable or the
power company sagged down till it
came in contact with the telephone
Jine. The current set lire to the
Sauguinetti store in Vallecito aud
also to tbe store of Stephens tiros, of
jMurphyss. lioth . thes weie extin
guished without much damage.--
Prospect.
Oue hundred and live years old,
but in good health, "old man"
Simon Harris of New York. us be is
tamiliarly known on tbe Kast side,
comes all the way from Jerusulem
In vote' nt every presidential election,
and ho wup oue ot tiio'Urst to register
Monday. — Prospect. ■ '}"•(■[
We learn that tbe Knhiii.snu's Kerry
sohool has beeu closed indeUuitely ou
account of the prevalence of diph-
theria in that little community.
there havo beeu two deaths there
from tlm dread disease and several
cases are repotted. The extent of the
infection is not known.— Prospect.
Undertaker MoKlbauy was called to
Kallroad Il'!atI I '! at Tuesday to conduct
the funeral of Curry Dickerson, an
old residont of that section nnd a
reterau of tbe civil war. Tim death
was due to an accident wbicb happen
ed to tbe deceaesd Monday. Ue was
engaged in felling trees iv company
with his brother when a large tree iv
tbe act of falling "kicked back" a
largo fragment of tho shattered trunk
striking It im iv tbe side. Though
there waa no laceration of the llesb
tbe ribs were mushed Iv over tbe
heart cuuslng internal benmribagos
from wbicb death ensued In it few
hours. Mr Dickersou was a native,
ot Ohio but served during tho civil
war in au Illinois regiment. He bas
beeu a respected tesident of this
county for many years. His ago was
(ii years, ilo was buried as au. old
soldier, Judge Heed looking after tbe
details of tbo burial.— Prospect.
Kegulutes tbe bowels, promotes easy
Uiituiiil movements, cuies couetipa
timi—Ddim'H Kegulets. Auk your
drutfglrit for them. '25 cunts a box.
ITEMS WORTHY
OF PERUSAL
The 14 public libraries of Chicago
OOUtnlU ],4.'sJ,ft:n volume?, not In
eluiling ruimpliiet.-i ami map*.
Charlotte in tho center ot the gient
rst elpctticnl power development In
tho South, or in the United Stales,
except at, Niiigain I'nllc Tho South
ern I'owei Company has n capital of
110,000,000.
Only 4 per cent of tho territory of
(.heat lintiiiri la covered with forest*,
and during the year IDOti that country
imported lumber to the value of
Bino,6ul,7r>o. tietinauy has still 20
per cent of Its tcirltory covered by
forests, yet tbo lumber imports in
liKHi amounted to BuliUß6,ooo.
Seventy thousand acres iv the West
have been set npide as a reservation
for birds. Wiint methods will ■be
employed to prevent them from leav
ing the reservation and going ou tbo
wnr path we do not know.
lv l!)0:> tho sum of 827, (508,000 wns
expended by wmployers in Germany
for tho direct nid of their employes.
More than two-thirds of this waa
given as voluntary contributions by
private firms and individuals. It is
eaid that Krnnco objects to having
Hungarian rentes dealt iv ou the
r'lench bourses in retaliation for tbe
high duties ou I'reuch , wines in
Hungary.
The population of (icrmnny is in
cteasiug at tbe rate uf 1)20,000 a year.
About the middle ot this year it was
The clock at St. Cloud's, Shrews
bury, has a record pendulum, its
length being 22 feet nnd the weight of
the ball 200 po iihlf.
1
THE VALUE OF A SMILE.
On the door leading to the private
otlice ot the treasurer of oue of the
Hartford banking institutions may be
teen by all comers a plain white card
ou which are these two words, "Keep
smiling." -
Afik tin; tieasiuer the significance
of the placard und he will say simply,
"Just keep smiling; that makes
everything easy. That's what smiles
are for. A good, unfeigned, sincere
smile is a veritable battering mm to
knock hard things out of the v/uy.
Sometimes 1 smile out loud, all to
my.-elt, when 1 run against anything
bard; aud the invitation is out to
whoever enters my door, i take it
tbat people will smile as they read
the card, and 1 want them to continue
the act while iv here."
lie tells of a visitor who came to
see him last winter, a Scotchman,
who had served iv India in the army.
"My dear sir," said tbe visitor, "1
am greetiug that legend heartily.
Many years ago when, tbe plaguo was
raging, 1 was in Calcutta and sick.
The hospitals were full, aud, with
other patients, 1 was lyinu in a shed,
a very sick man. Ou each side of me
n poor chap had died, when a man
came around with one ot the doctors
to measure tbe bodies. As they
finished the second fellow's measure
ment they lookped at me, aud tbe
man [said, "Thiee of 'em, heigh?"
aud whipped out bis tape measure
at my side. To save my life I
couldn't speak or move. All 1 could
(in waa to smile, and just smiled.
Instead of the measuring line 1 was
gi«eu better attention, and recovered.
The smile did it. That's right..
"Keep smiling!"— Hartford Times.
What Do They Cure?
The above question is often asked con
cerning Dr. Pierces two lending medi
cines, "Golden Medical Discovery" *nd
"Favorite Prescription."
The answer is that "Golden Medical
Discovery " is a most potent alterative or
blood-purilier, and tonic or invigonitor
and acts especially favorably in a cura
tive way upon all tlio mucous lining sur
faces, as of tho nasal passages, throat,
bronchial tubes, stomach, bowels and
bla;ldeD-,-curlii!? a. lanjo per cent, of catar
rhai c;ikf!:i whether -tiio disease affects the
nasal pa\ga&t*s, tho OX(>at, larynx, bron
chia, stomachNfas catamtal dyspepsia),
bowels ; ( as mu^U£>ißr*£jjl*4 bladder,
uterus or other pTHvic orgaTr^ Kypn In
thnrhrnnlp pr iii.»nr;it.ivo m,ng<"i "* "■'""'
atrfcH n n-<'Trunft.i-n successful In affect-
Proscription "Is advised,
for tlm {j\\n> t}_A[nr> Joss old isoasys— thosfl
peculiar weiiKiTpgS'^'. 'Ber'a'nge.tlieWts any
frroftiliir'li.loTim'idgiLt; trTw«jJfl«'U_«>n.iy.~*Tt
is a powerful yeTgc-ntly acting lnviK73rat»
Ing tonic and nervlno. For weak worn
out, over-worked women— no matter what
has caused tlm break-down, "Favorite
Proscription "will bo found moct effective
In building up tho strength, regulating
the womanly functions, subduing pain
and bringing about a healthy, vigorous
condition of tho wholn system.
A book of particulars wraps each bottle
giving tho formula- of both medicines and
quoting what scores of eminent nied-
Ic&l authors, whoso works ure consulted
by physicians of nil tho schools of practice
as guides in proscribing, say of each in
gredient entering into these medicines.
Tlio words of pralso bestowed .on tho
several ingredients entering Into Doctor
Ploreo's medicines by such writers should
have raoro weight than any amount of
non • professional testimonials, because
such men am writing for the guidance of
their rawllcal brethren and know whereof
they speak. , ' . ;, ■■■■
Both medicines are non-alcoholic, non
secret, and contain no harmful habit
forming drugs, being composed of glyceric
extracts of tlio roots of native, American
medicinal forest plants They aro both
sold by dealers in medicine. You can't
afford to accept as a substitute for one of
these laediclues of known composition,
liny secret nostrum.
Dr. Plerco's Pellets, small, sugar-coated,
easy to take as candy, regulat" and In
vigorate tftowacb, llvi-r and bowoU.
AMADOU (AWaJuU: JACKSON, CAL
Btatfc of Ohio, City of Toledo,
Lucas County.
Frank .1. Cheney makes oath that he Is
oenlor partner of the firm of F. J
Cheney & Co: doing business in tho nlty
of Toledo, county and state aforesaid,
and thutf-aid firm will pay the *vim of
One Hundred Dollars for each and
every case of Catarrh that cannot, be
cured by the upo of Hall's Catarrh
Cure.
Frank J. Cheney.
Sworn to before, tno and tubftcrlbeci In
my prroeiice, this Oth kay of December
A. D. 1880.
A. VV. Gleason.
Notary l'uhllc.
Hall's Catarrh Care is taken intern
ally, and ants directly on the blood and
mucus surface* of tho system.
Send for testimonial* free.
F. J. Cheney k Co; Toledo, Ohio.
Sold by all drtiffjrlstß. "."> cent?.
Tnke HaH'sFumily I'llU for consti
pation.
Notice of Sale of
Real and Personal Property.
Aotice is hereby given, that In
pursuance of hu order of the Superior
Court of the Htnte of California in
aud lor the county of Amador. made
on the Hub day of October, 190H, in
tho action and proceeding pending iv
said court, numbered 12181 aud en-
titled "l'be People of the Stnto of
California, by U. S. Webb, attorney
general of said state, upou tbe com-
plaint of Herman Silver, C. 11.
(Jaroutte. .1. C. .L-yncb nud li. K.
Shorer, as and constituting the bank
commissioners of the State of Cali-
fornia, plaiutilfs, versus Suttor Creek
Stato Kink, a corporhtion, {•■'. M.
Waechter. F. .N. Soracco, M. M.
Marks, T. J. lieuuetts, X J. Payne,
Jackson Dennis and i\ Daliovleb, as
directors, and constituting the board
ot diit'ctors of said corporation, de-
fondants." the undersigned l'rederick
Kndey, receiver in said action of
snid Butter Cteek Stnte bank, a cor-
poration, will receive sealed bids,
and will sell at private sale, to tbe
highest bidder for cash, subject to
couOrmatiou by said court aud sub-
ject to tue reservations neieiu cou-
tainerl, on Wednesday, the 4th day of
November, 11)08, at ouc'o'clpck p. m.,
at his otil'.'o in tbe law library iv tbe
court house, in the city of Jackson,
in the county of Amador. all the
right, title, interest and estato of the
said Sntter Creek State Hank, a cor-
porution, of, iv and to all that cer-
tain lot, piece, or parcel of land,
situate, lying aud being in tbe town
of Suiter Creek, county of Amador,
state of Calitoruia, aud more parti-
cularly described as follows:
All that certain lot ot land known
and designated ou tbe official map ot
tbe towusite of said town of Suiter
Cieek as lot number seven (7) iv
block number sixteen (10) as appeals
from said map now on record in tbe
recorder's office of the county of
Amador, at Jackson, California; aud
also tbe lirst or lower story of tho
brick building located on said lot;
Aud also ot iv aud to all of the
following personal property, viz: 2
desks, 2 safes, 1 Uuriuugh's adding
machine, 1 typewriter, I, lot of. safe
deposit boxes, 1 lot of dime savings
banks, 1 dating machine, 2 oak letter
files;
Aud also fixtures and accessories
used by said bank iv conducting a
banking business, such us 1 counter,
1 oak voucher tile, 1 oak letter Hie. 1
check perforator, 1 signature file, 1
stick file, 1 typewriter chair, 1 stool,
1 eight-day clock, 1 small stick lile, 1
lot stationery and bank supplies, 1
book letter tile, 1 top desk. 1 thermo-
meter, 1 punch, 1 typewriter stand, 1
type writer copy holder. 1 looking
glass, 1 hoard paper tile, 1 oak check
lile, 1 lot ot books, 2 holiday signs,
1 electric light stand, 1 card board
deposit tile, 1 lile box for signatures,
1 vols Universal History, 1 lot ink-
stands.
bids will be received ou or before
tbe hour aud day aforesaid tor all
the above real and porsonal property
iv oue bid as a whole, aud also for
said leal estate separately and also
for said personal property in separate
parcels.
ierrns and condition of sale: Ten
per cent of each bid to accompany
bid, balance payable on confirmation
of sale by said court. All cicueys
received ou bids not accepted and
confirmed will be returned by the
receiver.
Deed to real property at expense ot
purchaser. : .
The receiver reserves tbe right to
reject any aud all bids rceeived by
him.
Dated Octohei 12tb, 1008.
b'KKUKHICK KUDKV,
Keceiver ot Sutter Creek Stato
liuiik, a corporation.
Notice
"To Taxpayers.
Office of City Tax-Collector, City of
Jackson. County of Amador, State of
California.
Notice is hereby given to the tax-
payers of the city ot Jackson, that J,
(loorge M. lluberty, City Tax Collect-
or ot the city of Jackson, did on the
lOtti day of September, IJJOB, receive
from the City Clerk and ex-otJloio
Assessor of the taid city of Jacksou,
Hid original assessment book for the
year 1!H)S. containing a list of the
persona assessed for leal ami personal
property and the amount of city
taxes due thereon for eaid year.
That the wholo of said taxes are
now due and payable, and payment
tboroon may bo made to hid, betweeu
tho houi'u of 0 a. in. 'and* 0 P. in., at
my olllco in the Marelia building, on
Court street, in the city of Jackuon,
California.
That said taxes will be delinquent
on the tirst Thursday of November
JDiiH, at (I o'clock p. in., and unless
paid prior thereto live ncr oent will
be ailiind to the amount thereof.
Taxes not paid according to law
will be delinquent, mill live m-.r cent
and othor costs will be added thereto.
UKOItUW M. HUHKUTY,
Tax Collector of the city ot Jackson,
Dated September 10, 11XM.
GRANTING PATENTS.
Invention at Distinguished Prom
Mere Mechanical Skill.
A jwtent cailflot properly be grunted
protecting the product of more me-
CuflulcUl skill as distinguished from In
vention. Difficulty Im froqueiitl/ ex
perienced iv distinguishing between
the two, und the supreme lest for de
termining whether a piirticnlnr device
Is tho result of mechanical skill Is not
nlietlior au ordinary moclirtiilc could
ttinka the device If It were suggested
to him, but whether lie would make
It without suggestions save tlioso
which are prompted by hl*» skill ami
knowledge of his urt.
For example, If v man constructs out
of Iron a innehinu which had previous
ly boon made out of wood he does not
thereby 'become an inventor in n legnl
souse, because everybody knows that
nny constructor cnu build a machine'
out of Iron Instead of wood. But
suppose Hint gunpowder had just re
cently been discovered nud that tbo
mini who invented It had applied for
nnd obtained n patent upon It.
110 might have claimed. "1 combine
snltpeter, sulphur nnd charcoal in n
certain way nnd produce a startling
result," and It would bo no answer. If
nn action for infringement wore
brought, for the lnfrlnger to say that
every chemist could make the powder
after ho hud boon shown how. for,
If every chemist did not have the
knowledge ns well us tbo skill, tho
originating of the powder constituted
Invention. — Kschnngo.
PECULIAR TREES.
They Yield Bread, Dutter and Milk,
Soap and Candles.
Tho breadfruit tree of'Ceyjon is very
remarkable. Its fruit Is baked and
eaten a3 we cat bread nnd is equnlly
good and nutritious. In Unrbutu. South
America, is a trao which, by piercing
the trunk, produces milk, with which
tbe Inhabitants feed their children.
In tho interior of Africa Is n tree
which produces excellent butter. It
resembles the American oak, and its
fruit, from which the butter is pre
pared. Is not unlike the olive. Park,
the great traveler, declared tbat tho
butter surpassed any made In Eng-
land from cow's milk. At Sierra
Leone is the cream fruit tree, the
fruit of which Is quite agreeable In
taste.
At Table bay. near the Cape of Good
Hope, is a small tree the berries of
which make excellent candles. It is
also found in the Azores. Tbe vege
table tallow tree nlso grows In Suma
tra, In Algeria and In China. In the
Island of Chusan large quantities of oil
and tallow are extracted from its fruit,
which Is gathered In November or
December, when tho tree has lost all
Its leaves. The bark of a tree in China
produces a beautiful soap. Trees of
the sapindus or soap berry order also
grow in the north of Africa. They are
lim'azlngly prolific, and their ir'uit con
tains about 3S per cent of caponin.
A Bachelor and a Widow.
"Bachelors," said the widow, "are
the most sensitive people on earth. At
any rate, the bachelors 1 know are.
I dined •with one not long ago. Dur
ing tbe first part of the meal he seem
ed uneasy.
" 'If any of my friends see me/ he
said, "they will think I am dining
with some other man's wife.'
"'Why? 1 I asked.
"He pointed to my wedding ring.
" 'Shall I take it off?' I asked.
" 'Would you mind?' said he.
" 'Not at all.' I said and slipped off
tbe ring.
"Since then when going anywhere
with that bachelor or any other bache
lor I save him from embarrassment
by taking off my wedding ring before
we start. I find they appreciate my
consideration for their feelings. Now,
if that Isn't sensitiveness raised to tbe
ninth power Pd like to know what it
Is."— New York Press.
The Flow of Riven.
Tbe flow of rivers, as might be sup
posed, Is tbe slowest at the bottom of
the water and highest at the top. The
average velocity of the entire stream
Is found, as v rule, at about six-tenths
of the depth. Tho friction of tbe bot
tom which retards the movement of
the deepest, water Is much greater, rel
atively to the whole volume of tho
stream, in a shallow river than in a
ilec-p one.
Womanlike.
"In my opinion," said Jones, "a wo
man's club to bo successful should aim
at something fur removed from fe
male suffrage."
"I do not agree with you," retorted
Misa Strong, with set Up. "Tbat alone
should be Its object."
"Kxactly, but If It alms at something
else It is more likely to hit that."—Phil
adelphia Tress.
Looking Backward.
"Some people havo queer ideas of
sentiment."
"For example?"
"I know . v man who treasures tbe
slipper his mother used to spank him
with."— lJlrmlnghara Age-Herald.
Reckless Expenditure.
Dllver — When I took this place ft
wasn't fit for a dog to live in. I havo
spent nearly 51,000 on It. Sansou—
Don't you think It would have been
:heaper bad you killed tho dog?—Uos
ton Transcript.
Not Deliberate.
Wife— l claim that the titory you told
me hist utjjbt when you came home
was a deliberate lie!
Hub— And I say it wasn't! I never
thought up one more quickly la uiy
life!
. They
BIG VWLUEy^^WW
| DKIFTED SXOAV ELOUH \
»■ Tt"s famous lliroujjliout all tho West; *
S . Hecnuse it's best, it leads iLu' rest;: J
* Its color and its strength decide, *
J ■ Its poDularity far and wide, *
I DRIFTED Si\OA\ r FLOUR ]
I NORTH MAIN STREET y JACKSON, CAL • \
| CITY MEAT MARKET. |
» GEO. L. THOMAS & CO.' •
' Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, Hams, •
\ Corned Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc. 2
» At lowest market prices. ... Orders promptly delivered. •
SAVE MON EY
BY USING
PIONEER FLOUR
because it will make more loaves
>f bread to the sack than any
yther. Made from strongest wheat
— MANUFACTURED BY—
• PIONEER FLOUR MILLS. SAGRAMEHTO m
■
FURNITURE STOREI
Webb Building. JACKSON, I
L. C. WHITE FROPRiETOU I
Only Exclusive Furniture Store in Amador County. I
Bedsteads, Mattresses, Bureaus, 1
Tables, Chairs, Rockers, Desks, 1
Carpets, Matting, Linoleum, Window Shades |
Ranges, Cooking and Healiri" Stoves |
Everytiiirig in tho housekeeping line may be found |
.at this store, of up-to-date design and quality; and |
at reasonable prices. |
Houses furnished Complete on liberal terms. gj
Carpets fitted and sowed to any sized room; a larj^o assortment \
to seloct from. 1
Call and examiue. the larye and complete stock, and <, r et ])ricos 9
before purchaslnji,' elsewhere. x
Orders from the county will receive prompt attention.
Rurnitui'o Polish, Liquid Glue (| and Insect Powder,
Second Hand Furniture Bought, Sold or
Exchanged.
All kinds of Furniture Repair Work Done.
Silk Floss Mattresses made to order.
. ■ _OFFICIAL DIRECTORY
Naltonal (tovernment.
KXH(JUTIVE
President Theodore tlooMveil
Vieo I'reslilciit. .Chnrles W. Fairbanks
JUDICIARY
f. S. BOrUKMB COURT JUBTICEB a
(Chief Justice Fuller)
Klret circuit Oliver W. Holms
Second circuit.... Hufus W. Peokham
Third circuit Henory W. Brown
Fourth circuit Melville W. Fuller
Fifth circuit Edward w. White
Sixth circuit .Tohn M. Hurlan
Seventh "circuit William 11 Day
Kitjht olrVuit David J. Brewer
Ninth circuit. .• Joseph McKonna
NINTH JUUICAL CIRCUIT
(Pacific Stutes and Territories)
Circuit" Judge William W. Morrow
Circuit judge U&kiro M. Itoss
Circuit judgo William B. Gilbert
U. S. Commissioner for Amador coun
ty Richard Webb
LEGISLATIVE
SENATOHS KHOM CALIFORNIA
Georgo C. Perkins and Frank P. Flint
CONOUKSSMEN FROM CALIPORNTA
First district Win, Eoftlebright
Second district. ..Duncan K. McKialny
Third dlstrsct ...Joseph K. Knowland
Fourth district .-. .Julius Kahn
Fifth district E. A. Hayes
Sixth district .... . .James C. Necdham
Seventh district lames McLachlan
Eighth dUnot.... S. C. Smith
State Government.
EXECUTIVE
Governor James N. Gillett
Lieut-Governor Warren R. Portor
Secretary of State Charles P. Curry
Controller...'. A. B. Nye
Treasurer Wo. It. Williams
Attorney-General . . . .Ulysses S. Webb
Snrveyor-GeneraL.Wm. S. Kingsbury
Supt. State Priutiug..W. W. Shannon
Clerk Supreme Court.. .F. L. Cuughey
JUDICARY
SUPREME COURT
Chief Justice Wm. H. Beat}*
Associate Justice . . .T. B. McFarland
Associate Justice P. W. Henshaw
Associate Justice W. G. Lorisan
Associate Justice F. M. Anjjellotti
Assoctate Justice Lucian Shaw
Associate Ju&ticu M. C. Sloss
APPELLATE JUSTICES
First district Jame9 A. Cooper
First district Samuel P. Hall
First district Frank 11. Kerrlgaut
Second district Matthew T. Alfen
Second district James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw
Third district Norton P. Chipmnn
Thi.id district Albert G. Burnett
Third district Elijah C. Hart
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
First district Joseph II Scott
Second district Alex Brown
Third district Richard E. Collins
Fourth district Jeff D. McElvalne
RAILROAD COMMISSION
First district Alex C. Twrin
Second district Andrew M. Wilson
Third district. .Theodore Summor)a.od
LEGISLATIVE
Senator, 10th district A. Caminetti
Assemblyman. 11th. dist..G. P. Snyder
U. S. LAND OFFICE
[Sacramento]
Register John F. Armstrong
Receiver Will A. Kawcum
County Government.
Superior JuJga..»V.i.Hou."R. C. Rust
Sheriff & Tax Collector. ..US Gregory
Deputy \V. T. Connors
District Attorney C. P. Vicinl
Clerk and Auditor J. R. Huberty
Doputv L- Newman I
Recorder 1^ A. Patterson
Deputy L. G. Meehuu
Treasurer George A. Gritton
Assessor C. E. Jurvla
Deputy George A. Gordon
Survcror Wm. Brown
Supt. of Sebols W. H. Greenhalgh
Supt. Hospital F. B. LeMoin
k'h ysician IS. 13. Endicott, M. D.
Corner & Public Admr...H. E. Potter
Court Commissioner. . . .Geo A Gordou
UOARD OK SUPERVISORS
Township 1. .. .John Strolim, Jackson
Township 2VV. Amlck,[Chairman]loDo
Township 3 A. Grillo, Volcano
Township 41). A. Frasor Sutter Creole
TowDshlp 5 L. Burke, Plymouth
JUSTICES OK THE PEACE
Township No. 1 A. Goldner
Township No. 2 T. ll. Gartlln
Township No. 3 A. W. Robin«on
Township No. 4 W. L. Rose
Township No. 5 John Blower
OONSTAULEfI
Township No. 1 A. Luverono
Township No. 2 J. E. Kelloy
Township No. :i T. (;. MeKeiizo
Township No. 4. T. S. Tuttlo
Towntihln N<». 5 N. E. Wheeler
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported wecklylfor the Ltdrer.
Hardened Tantalum.— Tim Unthink
able.— Artlllolal Marble. — Changing
the mood's (Jlrcnlaton.— dun for
Siilhll Places— Tub (inn Fired With
out Powder.— A File That I'lauon.
Tiititnlum, ouo of the raro metals
now liOlnn ' lii'Diiulit into use, bus
many roanmblances to Iron, ami ouo
of theso is tho hanluoss given by a
Ninall mlrl iliou (it carbon. Other sub
etauccH alHo— like aluminum, tin anil
titanium— havo r Hiinilnr effect. Ac
cording to n [mtout of W. Yon liolton,
of UnurlottenbiirK, tho added rhli
ntanue ma; vary in proportion up to
one per oont or more, but with car
bou a small traction of ouo per cent
imparts grunt harduesa and resistance,
and with increase the metal becomes
brittle Wil.ii a trace of carbon, tho
tantalum has the hardness and teusilo
strength best adapted for fine wire,
whilti a little mure carbon imparts
the greater hardness -though with
some brittleucss— noaded for tools for
working wood, metal und stone. A
ISritiau patent by Siemens and Ualske
covoi'H a process of hardening by
varying small additions of oxygen,
and the products range from a work
able metal of much increased bard
ness and bnttleneas to a metal too
hard to work but having very slight
brittleness.
Tho topographic compaaa included
with the apparatus of Dr. Uharoot's
Antarctic expedition is a novel in
strument, the invention ot Alpbouße
I target, with which bearings can be
determined accurately at a glance. A
copper box, containing a mirror per
forated with a peep-hole, is mounted
h few inches above a little compass.
On looking though the peep-pole, the
mirror shows the compass-card, the
precise direction of the object in
sight being indicated by the iudex.
Tbe human mind baa limitations.
An astronomer argues that space be
yond our universe must cuutain other
vast uuiverses because an. absolute
void is inconceivable. LSut who can
conceive of no infinite space tilled
with an infinity of universe?
A marble-like material declared to
be a great advance over other artificial
stone ia now made from the waste
slag of blßst-furnaces mixed with a
little lime. Tbe slag is crushed and
powdered, one-seventh part of quick
lime is added, and tho mass, made
into a paste with water, is pressed
into molds ot metal. The blocks so
formed, on drying, have tbe consist
ency of cbalk. They are placed in
iron cylinders, from which tbe air is
[lumped out and then replaced with
carbonic acid, and after a few daye
in this gas the bydrato of lime be
comes recarbonated. binding tbe mass
iato a rock of great hardness. The
finished stone takes a high polish, it
has been made to servo as an ex
cellent imitation of tho best litho
graphic stone JJ and with suitable
coloring mut.ti'i'slit gives a variety ot
fine marbles.
Jo save a leg by making the veins
do duty as arteries is tho romarkablo
feat a protossur of surgery at Con
stantinople has attempted, with at
least temporary suooess. b'aagreno
of tbe limbs as a rosult of closiug of
tbe arteries in old age or disease is
common, in the fcjust, und amputation
has been tbe only resourcfi. A means
at avoiding tbe desperuto itimody has
been suggested by tlia tiscst that tho
veins are much less atfeotocj than tbe
j».rteries, UreiHy alnrui-jd by tbe
Luruiug symptoms in Lib lui't leg, <t
patient whose right foot had been
amputated on account of gangrene
appealed to tho suigoon for help, and
offered to take tbe only chance ot
keeping hU leg by becoming the sub
ject of tbitbeito BUtvled experiment.
The intnritH ot llio leg worn success
fully Joined to the velun of the fool.
Healing promptly followed tbo opera
tion, the blood circulntud through
tbe vi'iiH. the foot regained its
warmth, and in a week ainoe all
symptoms of disease have disappear
ed. That rainy winds have a marked
effect in consumption has been proven
by 20 years of observation iv Unit
moor and .North Dovou, Kng. The
death rate from this disease is much
le3s in the sbultered places than in
exposed loculities,
Tho liquid gas of ilermuun lilau i 9
now used by sevoral (jermuu villages,
aud is cluiuißil to sol re the problom
ot a cheap, elHcient aud perfectly
safe method ot lighting tbe smallest
villages by gut, In tuuuuiacturiug
the material, oil in distilled at a tem
peiuture loner than that by which
gas is producer! fiom coul. Tho by
products are tmveU, aud the cleansed
Him is compressed in oyliuders, l»e
coming IhiOHlied, wheu tbe uecessary
bydrugeu, muthaue and carbon nwii
oxidu are fat'Cteil lutn the cylinder*,
mid diduolvci hi the liquid. On rn
leaueot ppeejure, volutilizatiou yields
a mixed :■(.; taut buius with >.;iwiit
I'lmiAV, OCTOU.KIi :>rj, IJIOB.
brilliancy. The cylinder »nry s lu
capacity from n flln«le pound— eni>
plyiiitf lifihtlna material lor a boating
or camping expedition— to a quantity
fiiilllclont for lar«n oountry efrtnfoa for
weeks, n container of medium size
currying gas enough to 1 1 X ht a small
villa two months. Jhn full cylinders
— *>nslly clißDuerl when emptied — are
placed outsidu tho Imllditig, tho gna
passing to the piping of tho house
through h tank legalallOg the pres
sure in villiii.'cH :i small uuildiotf la
provided fnr the Cfllntlsri, aud huhill
mains disltltute tbo rab.
Tho idoa ot tho mechanical powder
less kuii was given by thu bursting of
a (ly-ivht'ol. Iv tho nun, thn ballets
ot lewd or steel aro poured into a
hoppor ovur a largo revolving wheel
aud thu centrifugal force hurls tbe
balla from tho rim of the wueol
through the b:irrol ol tbe gun with
tromondons velocity. The gun i 3
mado of brass, resembling a moat
chnpper iv appearance. It ia be
lieved that a wlmul driven by a GO
horso-powor electric motor can dis
charge something like 5U,00U shots
per minute, and great 'accuracy of
tiro ia cluimed.
The circular-cut 1110 is found to act
like a baud planing tool iustend of
an ordinary (lie, and is cluimud to
cut two or three times us fast rs a
common tile, aud vicars longer. Ine
now Ille has heon tested in French
shops about two years
"Uoau'a Ointment cured me of
eczema that bad annoyed mo a long
tiina. Tbo cure was pnrtnaueut. " —
llou. S. \V. MatthowH. (Jotnmissiouer
Labor Statistics, Augusta, Ale.
Schenck'd Mandrake I'llln were fimt Intro- H
cJucett. Sines then, alnuwt c;vrry family In ■
tli'i Unitml Stiito Ima unc-cl tln'in, ut aome 9
tlni". ninl tlicy lmvo utracllly gmvrn in piib-
llffiivcir. They nrc now a household word
all over tills country.
SCHENCK'S
MANDRAKE PILLS
crn thn sufcst ofnll rempdlra for Tlilioinncsg,
Liver Complaint, Cniiatlpiitlon, Indigeition,
Sick Hciiclnrhf, Olddlnf ra, Heartburn, Flat-
ulctney, NaiiHcn, Jnundice, Mnlnrin, etc.
They
"Liven the Liver"
and liring health and good spirit.
Purely Vegetable,
Absolutely Harmless.
Tor Sale Ererywhere. Plain or Sngtr
Coated.
35 cento a box, or by mall. H
DR. J. H. BCHENCK & BON, I
Philadelphia, Fa. B
PLACE YOUR SAVINGS
With us and watch them grow.
Our bank pays 4 per cent in-
terest, compounded every six
months, and your money is in
safe hands. $1.00 will start an
account. Write to us today.
Union Safe Deposit Bank
STOCKTON, CM,
i .... , , I
f " STOCKTON U
| CARRIAGE WORKS j
, Buggy Tops fiom $10.00 up. (\
; Auto Tops from $29.00 up (j
The best rubber tires made, put i»
'J on now and old wheels. it
i Discount to tho trade. \
•<\ S. F. PHELAN, Proprietor, /
\\ No* 484 E. Murket street, !
I j24U STOCKTON, Cal. !
E. MARRC & BRO.
Wholosivlo Deulors and Jobbers
In Imported nod Domostlo
Wines*Liquors*Ciprs
JACKSON CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS KOR J. F.MAK-
lull t.'oK inn-, Moet ii Otiuudon, White Sou'
Hud I'rlvuti) Cuvoe Ch!kiiipit»;uu; MorK»u llros
I'uertu do Kuutit Murlit Sm-rrlns: Kuyul Wlm:
Company, Oporto, I'cirt Wtncis: Diilhis I'htc*.
Ih-iriifimx.C^n-i'tssindHuuttiriHis: CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Ulrum WulKi<r& Suuh. l.iiu
lvi.l, Wulkurville, Ontario, Uuuuriu: Johu Uo
Kuypur A. /.ooii. CotturiUru, UtOI Ullliu Kuum-
ninl, from J. A, Ullliu. llerllu; Iturttilootuuy
lirnwory Ckimpuny, Koclichiiw, n v., Knicker-
bocker Beer; l>J/Hiiu:td ltnuui of (iuinuuKH,
Sioui und H.iss' Ale (bottUtd by Iteud liroti.,
l.iindiiri); Cuutroll & Coutiruuu, HulfuNt, Gluum
Alu: Naijluu lirumly; Itiilimmnod Aiuurivar
Won Her a Diadem.
Hnv.- did the French como Inlo Sici
ly? A vomnn did It. At a festive en
ii'iliiinaii'iit hold at a French court
l'>i':ilrico, ConnteN Of Savoy and Wife
of Chattel of Anjoii, (be brother of
'."ills IX, of France, wns removed
frotn iht> superior range of scats oc
cupied by her two younger listers.
tho qnoen of Fwnce and the qheen Of
England. Mortified by the humiliation,
Rhc returheri to hor apartments r.nd
burst Into Uinn, Upon learning the
Cnuxe of her chagrin and her Rajlng
Uial (-ho IVoUki be able t'» give up her
Ufa to con Una her trcesea fop ona bour
beneath n dliideni Cliarlcs cr.ilii'r.ccd
list nfTectloiiatcly ami said, "Set your
lianrt at rcsi, countcßß, fc>r before long
I will make you a greater ipieeii than
ciiher of your Bisters.* 1 Bo hi prom-
Isod her. lie defeated Manfred, the
last of the Norman Icings, and caused
Conrndlno, the grcat-gTandaon of the
Emperor Frederick, to be BierclleEßly
Blaln, ho himaolf aud Daatrlce v.Hiioks-
Ing the scene. Upon the death of his
brother Charles became king of Na
plcw, thus fulfilling tbe cherished do
sire of ills wifo for a diadem.
The Wrist and tho Arm.
Tho l'ciil wrist, as one might soy, is
tile elbow joint. It if; nil band, iirne
tlcnlly speaking, fronc that point to the
tips of the lingers. When you turn
your wrist It Is the whole forearm
that makes the twist, and every move
ment of the fingers Is controlled by the
muscles of the forearm. The power
to turn the wrist to and fro at the el
bow joint Is possessed only by human
brings and monkeys, and even the
higher apes are not able to do the trick
nearly us well us we enn. In this
movement the great biceps muscle
in the upper '"'in Is importantly con
cerned, Its powerful action iv turning
the forearm outward being accounta
ble for the fact that \ve are able to
put bo much more strength Into a twist
In that direction than the opposite
way. Many of our most familiar tools
Indeed, such as the screwdriver, nre
made with reference to the anatomical
peculiarity In question. It is for this
reason and no other that all screws
turn to the right.
Reed and Strout.
Thomas Is. Uced served iv the navy
during the civil war. and in 1800 he
returned to Portland to practice law.
One of the strongest men at tbe Port
land bar at the time was A. A. Strout.
Before beginning the trial of a suit It
wns Slrout's habit to- Inquire of every
juror as to the state of his health and
impress each with the Idea thnt the
lawyer was solicitous of that juror's
personal welfare. Reed and Strout
were constantly antagonizing each
other, though they were very good
friends. In nearly every case of Im
portance Strout and Heed were on op
posite sides. It -was annoying Indeed
for the suave Strout to hear Reed
drawl out before the opening of a
case:
"Well, l your honor. Brother .Strout
having finished his morning task of
shaking hands with tbe jury, we may
now. I hope, proceed with the busi
ness of tho court."
Beating Women.
"If It Is true that nntlonnl adages
give an Insight Into the Ideas of a peo
ple," says the Berlin Radical, "women
must occupy n strange position in lEus
sla. One of theso old saws runs, 'Love
your wife as much an your mule,' and
another tells the good man, 'Shake your
wife as you would n fruit tree.' That
woman is not considered frail Is shown
by the adage, 'You may safely beat
your wife with a broom handle, for
she Is not made of porcelain.' Heat
ing must be considered a wholesome
pastime, to Judge from tbe say lag, 'If
your wife deserves a beating In the
morning, remind her of her faults by
giving her another at noon.' In jus
tification of this kind of attention the
Russian says. "The more a man beats
ills wife the better his meals will be.' "
The Sea Serpent Myth.
It Is possible, even probable, that the
sen serpent myth started in all good
faith. In the southern seas grow the
glgnntle algae, the largest of which
measure frojn -100 to 000 feet Iv length.
'JiiOsO vbill ivV.VI 61i the beach form
enormous cables several hundred feet
long and as thick as a good sized tree
trunk. Such cables washed out to sea
hy storms may very easily have given
rise to tho fnrfniued but yet undiscov
ered sea serpent.— New York Ameri
can.
Nice, Easy Job.
Tho following advertisement recently
appeared In mi English newspaper:
".Man required for demonstration pur
pose an old English rack (star cham
ber pattern); would huve to be slightly
stretched to show how rack worked;
man should be short to start with."
Quito Fortunate.
New Girl (timidly)— l B'poie you are
a due coo.:, ur.KiiV Young Mistress—
Bless me, uo! I don't know anything
about it. New Girl (relieved)— Then
we'll get nloiiK famously, mum. I
don't elther.-'Xew York Journal.
TH« Pearl of Great Price.
"Put disposition above beauty," Is
the ndvlco of a niodorn sago to tho
young man who thinks of taking to
himself n wife. But it requires such
a long time to discover disposition.—
Provldenco Journal.
Conflicting.
"There Is uafuty in numbers," quoted
tht> wise guy,
"And yet we are told that too many
cooks spoil the broth," added tho slm
p!o mug.— Philadelphia. Itecord.
The bravo man may full, but hi
c«uinot yield.-Irlsh I'roverb.
ESTABLISHED is.v>.
TIIK
I'ublislied In the Contcr of the Richest
Mother Lode Gold J3elt.
Printed every Friday Afternoon.
R, WEBB, Editor and Proprietor. '
Tlie Oldest
H^lost In.£L\a.ential
H^Cost TT^TId-eITT- CircuLlated
And 0rL137- IFririt
Paper publishecl in Amador County.
The Best Advertising Medium
Republican is politics
But the .slave of no party
And the foe of all polilieal and Official Cliques and Rings
Free and Independent in the discussion of al' matters pertaining to
to the Local Government
Fearless in the ventillation and exposure of Official Wrong Doing
TliCjPaper for the Family
For the Farmeri *
For tlio Miner
For the Merchant and Business Man
For the Taxpayers and Citizens'Generaily
Two Dollars per year]
If paid strictly in advance; otherwise $2.50 will be charged.
OUR CLUBBING RATES:
Ledger and Dally Call, ono year. B 900 Lecher and Weekly Chicago In-
Lexgor and Weekly Cull one year 320 tsr-Qoean
r .,-,,. ," A -p.  , . , * L<jdjrer and Cosmopolitan Maga-
Leccor and Daily Chronicle, ono /ioe ono year. .. 2 75
; >eiU " ° 00 Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
Lecger end Weekly Chronicle, year, including free pattern... . 25*
ono year ?> 00 Ledgt-r and Pandex of the Press 2 75
Ledger and Daily Examiner lyear 9 00 Ledger and Pictorial Review.... 2 »<•
Our IJobl Printing Department
Is tho mostgConipletc to be found hit tho mountains.
Up-to-date presses, Simplex Typesetting Machine, Folder, Perforating:
Machine, Numbering and Punching Machines. J
pWMM© MA©MIMI
We buy our paper stock from Manufacturers at Bottom prices.
Billheads, Letter Heads, Statements.'!)
Pamphlets, Posters, Dodgers,
* Checks, Receipts, Tays,
Business and Visiting Cards,
Programs, Etc.
All kindslof Legal .Blanks, Briefs and Transcripts priiitedjpromptly anfi
neatly. In short, we can do anything in tbe printing lino
CfCTIEe PKICES are :E3XGKE3:T
We Can and Do Compete with City Prices.)
If you haw anything in the printing line, don't BClld it away but put
ronize homo industry 4j
78
LOCAL EDITORIAL COLUMN.
GROUNDLESS OBJECTIONS.
We arc informed that exception has been taken in official
circles to the article published in Ledger last week, showing
that notwithstanding the exceptionally favorable conditions
as regards compact territory and concentration of population
within comparatively narrow limits, the tax levy in Amador
county is, and has been for years past^considerably above the
average throughout the state. Of course, this not a pleasing
picture for the contemplation of those entrusted with the
management of local affairs, and naturally there is sonic
wiggling to explain away as far as possible the damaging
facts. In the prosecution of this rather difficult task, one
main point is urged, namely that the heavy floods of the win
ter before last caused great damage by the washing away of
bridges, involving a large outlay in their restoration. We
have heard this pretext for an excuse — for that is all we can
call it — before. The Ledger is accused of being unfair be
cause it did not mention this fact as an extenuating circum
stance. There is absolutely nothing in this contention. In
deed, we would have been open to the charge of unfairness to
other sections had we siugled out Amador as entitled to con
sideration on this score. The floods of two winters ago were
general, and caused corresponding damage and public ex
pense in other counties. If a great disaster had befallen
Amador alone, it might have furnished a complete 'justifica
tion for a higher tax rate than in other less afflicted sections.
But we were sufferers in common, and hence the abstract
comparison of the tax rate with sister counties is just as ap
plicable for that particular year as for any ordinary season.
The flood argument does not tone down the situation in the
slightest degree. It is merely grasping at a straw, and
serves to emphasize the straits to which some are reduced iv
trying to stifle public seutimeut against the extortionate de
mands for the maintenance of the local government.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT NO. 14.
A vigorous campaign is being prosecuted in certain quar
ter in favor of the adoption of constitioual amendment No.
. 14. This amendment proposes an increase in the salaries of
certain state officers. The governor's salary, if this amend
ment carries, will be $10,000 iustead of $6,000; secretary of
state, controller, treasurer and surveyor general, $5,000 each;
instead of $3,000 as now. The attorney-general will get a
raise of $3,000 per year— s6,ooo iustead of $3,000. The lieu
tenant-governor is to have a fixed salary of $4,000 per year.
In behalf of the adoption of this amendment it is urged that
the population of the state has more than doubled since the
present salary schedule was adopted, while the assessed value
of property has full trebled. This involves a great deal more
labor on the part of state officials than formerly. Many ap
pointed officers receive more salary than these elective
officers. Many counties pay their county officials a bigger
salary than some of these state officers are now receiving.
All of which is 110 doubt true. Still it is doubtful if the
measure will command the approval of a majority of the
voters.. The people are in no Jmood to vote additional pay
for their servants. If they were given the opportunity they
would cut down the compensation of the overpaid officials
rather than boost those which appear by comparison to be
underpaid. The aggregate of these proposed increases will
amount to between $15,000 aud $20,000 per year. The spirit
of extravagance has pervaded state and county governments
to such an extent that really meritorious propositions some
times suffer in the mood of the citizens to seize every oppor
tunity to rebuke the tendency to pile up additional burdens
upon them.
The wage-earners of tho country are
aot alarmed about the guarantee of
their deposits. What they desire is
tho guarantee of earning those de
posits, and republican policy toward
American industries atlords the guar
antee.
It has always taken a thorough
course of republican treatment to
remedy the effects of v single done of
democratic cure-all.
To restrict production, as the
democracy proposes, would be to
hamper Industry and penalize In
vention.
Organize labor is awake to the fact
that republican victory means uncut
pay-rolls ou full time.
Ihat work "overtime." for which
organized labor demands extra pay,
is far preferable, in republican times
to the half time, halt pay, or no time
and no pay rennlts of the democratic
blight of paralysis to Americau in
dustries.
Phear's Express-
King, up Sam l'hear for prompt de
livery ot trunks, bagßiiye and express
packages. Kates reasonable. Leave
orders with 1\ L, Casoiuelli, phone
Alain Uo{ and Kxpress otlice, Maiu 34 1
enideuce iiluck 371.
Secretary J'aft is a member of tho
Steam Hhovelers' Uuion. lie is show
ing the West an illustration ot high
pressure campaigning.
. Hahy won't suffer five minutes with
croup if you apply Ur. Thomas'
Koiectric Oil at ouce. It acts like
magic.
Official figures show that more than
00,000 idle freight curs were put to
work in the closing fortnight of Sep
tember.
More Than Enough is Too Much
To maintain health, a mature man
or woman needs just enough' food to
repair the waste anil supply energy
aud body beat." The habitual con
sum ptiou of uioro food thau is neces
sary for the.-n purposes it) the prime
cause of stomach troubles, rheu
matism aud disorders of the kidneys.
If troubled with indigestion, revise
your diet, let reasou aud not appetite
control aud take a few doses of
Chamberlain's Stomach and Liver
Tablets aud you will soon be nil right
again. for sale by Jnoksou Drug
Store, Spagnoli, Prop. '
It ia fair to remember that the
Latteries ot the White House are Hred
for the welfare of all the country.
Bear* the >>TliB Kiwi Yon Have Always Boti^rc
*lgaature /^yj^^y*-^,.
Iteceipt books, locution blanks, deeds
mortgages, promissory notes, etc.
for Halo; also mining signals on
doth, graduation diplomas, at the
Ledger ntllee
AMADOU LEDGER, JACKSON, CAL.
Ordinance No. 42
An Ordinance concerning
the Keeping, Conducting and
Carrying on of Saloons.Bars,
Bar Rooms and other places
where Intoxicating Liquors,
Wine. Ale or Beer are Sold
or Given away in less quan*
titles than One Pint, or are
Sold, or are given away to
to be served, or distributed
or drank, or used on the
Premises where sold orgiven
away, providing for Licens
ing the same, and repealing
all Ordinances and parts of
Ordinancesin conflict there
with.
Tito Hoard of Trustees of the city
of Jackeou in thn.couuty of Amador
do ordtiin hs follows:
tiection 1. Jt Bliall lie unlawful to
keep, ronduot, inniiihiiii or carry un
within the corporate limits of the
city of Jackson, in tho county of
Anindor, state of Caliloruni, uuy
kiilooii, btir. barroom or other pluce
where intnxicatiiiK li<|iiuis, wine, nle
or beer, or any admixture containing
the same, aie gold or given away by
the glnss or in less qmintiricM tbau
one piut, or sold or given away to
be served or distributed, or drunk or
uped on the premises where sold ur
given mviiy, without having Mrwl. ob
tHined a permit and license therefor
hs neroi natter provided.
Section 2. The rate of license tax
for every person, tirru, corporation,
club or atisooiation engaged in the
liuswi'ss ot selling or giving away, or
in any manuor furnishing m any
euloou. bar. stand, or in any other
place of business within the corporate
limits of tlio said city of Jackson,
and for every person, firm, corpora
ton, club or association who or which
sells or oilers to sell, or keeps for tho
purpose of sale, within the corporate
limits ot the said city of Jackson,
any spirituous, malt cr fermented
liquors, or wines, or any admixture
thereof, is bureby llxed and establish
ed at thirty dollars per quarter, pay
ahle quarterly in advance to the Tax
and License Collector of the city of
Jackson, at the office 'of said tax
and license collector in said city of
Jackson, in the county of Amador
and stute of California.
'Section '.I. The rate of license tax
for each ealoou, bar,, bar room or
other place described in this ordin
ance in which auy female acts in the
capacity of bartender, waiter, actress,
dancer, singer, solicitor of custom,
cr servant, or plays upon any musical
instrument, or la employed in any
capacity whatever, either with or
without compensation, is hereby fixed
and established at Three Hundred
Dollars per quarter in advance.
Section 4. i'be rate of license tux
lor every person, flrui, corporation,
club or association engaged in the
business of selling malt or fermented
liquors or wines, or vinous or dis
tilled or otber intoxicating liquors at
any picnic or any public- meeting or
gathering or place of entertainment,
and not at a Used place of business,
in less quantities than one gallon, is
hereby fixed and established at Ten
Dollars per day in advance.
Section 6. It shall be unlawful for
any person, persons, Urrn, corpora
tion, club or association hereafter to
open, establish or conduct, or cause
to be opened, established or con
ducted, any bar room, public saloon
or other place where spirituous or
malt liquors are sold by the glass or
bottle or otherwise, at retail in le«a
quantities than one pint within the
limits of the city ot Jackson, with
out first obtaining permission of the
said board ot trutsees, which permis
sion chiill be granted in writing
under the seal of the city ot Jackson,
and signed by the city clerk after
petition therefor as provided in this
ordiUHUce; anil the tux and license
collector shall nut issue a license
until the applicant or applicants tor
the same eball have produced such
permit. The manner and form of
such petition, and the form, terms
and conditions of obtaining such per
mit, as aforesaid, shall be as follows:
first— The petition for - such pur
mission shall ,be writing, signed
by the applicant or applicants, and
shall state where the applicant; or
applicants intend to open or conduct
such place of business and Kaid appli
cation sbull likewise contain a pledge
on the part of the applicant or uppli
cuutH that be, who or they will con
duct mid maintain such place of hudi
uesa mentioned in this ordinance in a
quiet, orderly and decent manner,
anil will not allow dancing ot auy
kind to lie carried on therein, and
be, she cr they will not sell, give
away, distribute or deliver, or cause
to be delivered, to any child, mule or
female, uuder the age ot eighteen
years, any intoxicating drink in auy
quantity whatever, and will not
allow, suffer or permit any minor
child under the age of eighteeu yeurs
to visit hia, her or their place of
Inisiiii'Ks; provided, however, aa a
police measure for the HUppretiHiuu of
public vice, immorality and crime,
that no license shall be granted uuder
this ordinance, upon petition or
otherwise, to auy person who has
carried ou, in carrying on or is
about to carry on, the busmen ot
Nulling, furnishing, giviug away or
distributing, spirituous, malt or Her
meuted liquors or winus in auy dance
hull.
Second— That said petition ahull lie
accompanied by a consent in wilting
signed by ten respectable persona,
who are not Jess than ten out of
twenty oitizens of Baid city ot Jimk
hoii, residing iieureat the place whoru
petitioners propose to curry ou euid
hUHiiiiv.s. who are either tax payera
or hfiitlH ot families as that term it)
detiued by Section 1201 of the Civil
Code ot tha state ot California.
Third -Unit the permission grunted
In accordance with tiie said petition
hIihII be in force until ami including
the tirnt day ot February next bug
reeding the granting thereof, unless
tho piune be sooner revoked na here
inafter provided.
Fourth— That prior to said ttrat df»y
ot February of «wh year every person
denting to continue in such budlueefl
for the aucoeeding year, or a portion
Hioipof. shall roiifiw eald petition at
the February meeting of said board
of trusteed, which said petition shall
be nccompßnled by n new consent an
in this ordinance provided, and ahull
he filed tit least live dnya prior to the
meeting ot mild bonrd, with the clerk
thereof.
Fifth— .No order granting h per
mit for a license shall ho marie until
the next regular meeting of the said
bonrd of trustees after the application
iiinl consent mentioned in said ordin
ance have been filed.
Sixth— lf, after considering nil the
matters aforesaid, the board of trus
tees shall find U'nt the applicant, or
applicants, are proper persona to
carry on said business, and that the
carrying on of said business at the
place it la proposed to be carried on,
will not be prejudicial to the public
gootl wiitl hoard may by reaolution
grant the required permit, which per
mit shall lMinniii in force for not
moiH than one year trom the date of
the same and shall be good only fur
the person, Ilrm, corporation, club
or association, to whom the same is
granted aud issued aud for tho place
named therein.
Seventh— After said permit lina
been granted by said board. . aud not
before, aud after the license tax
hereinafter provided for iihh been
paid, the tax and license collector
«-< lift 1 1 issue a license to the person or
persons, firm, corporation, club or
association named in said permit,
wliicli license shall lie authority to
the person or persons, firm, corpora
tion, club or association, named
therein, to conduct his, her or their
busiuees at the place named in the
application fur said license, but shall
not be authority fur any other person
or persons, linn, corporation, club or
association to conduct said business
at the place named iv said application
or for the person or persons, Him,
corporation, club or association to
whom said license is issued to con
duct said business in any otber place.
Kighth- The provisions of . tins
ordinance shall not apply to tt:e sell
ing by physicians, surgeons, apothe
caries or chPuiists, of liquor used by
them in the preparation of medicine,
nor to tlw selling, giving or furnish
ing vinous or malt liquors by keepers
ot hutels or restaurants to guests
only when served and taken at tables
with meals.
Section (i. A written verilied com
plaint liled with the board of trustees
setting forth that any person is con
ducting any saloon, or otber place of
business mentioned herein, in otber
thau a quiet, orderly and decent
manner, or is allowing dancing of
any kind to be carried on therein, or
is selling, giving away, distributing
or delivering, or causing to be de
livered, to auy miuor child, male or
female, uuder tne. age of eightoeu
yeais, any intoxicating liquor, in auy
quantity whatsoever, or is allowing
or permitting auy minor child, under
the age ot eighteeu years, to visit
Such saloon, bar or bar room, shall
be the foundation for action of said
board of trustees • concerning the
place complained ot in said com
plaint.
Section 7. if, after full examina
tion or investigation of which both
sides have due notice and the
privilege of beiug represented, iv
person and by counsel, and of pro
ducing and examining the witnesses
the board of trustees find the al
legations'of such complaint to be
true it shall mako an order revok
ing the license issued to the person
or persons owning or conducting the
place ot business complained of.
Section 8. The clerk of the said
city of Jackson must prepare and
have printed blank licenses for tho
purpose mentioned in this ordinance
and for the period therein set forth,
with blank receipts attaohod for the
signture of the ta* and liceu6H col
lector when sold and with stubs to be
attached and returned to the mid
clerk showing to whom, aud the date
aud time tor which they may bo
issued, aud the fcuiouiit received
theretor, aud the clerk must keep a
record book in which he shall enter
the said tax aud license collector's
account of^all licenses delivered to
him, sold or returned unsold by him.
Section 9. Any person violating
auy of the provisions of this ordin
ance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction shall be puuish- 1
able by impribonment iv the city
prisou of the city ot Jackson, or in
the county jail of Amador county,
not exceeding three mouths, or Ly a
tine not exceeding three huudred
dollars, or by both.
Sectiou 10. An Ordinance No. (i
entitled "An oidiuunco licensing for
the purpose of regulation the busi
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦»»»♦♦♦♦♦♦»»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦« ••• **••••••••••••*•••••••••••••••••••••••*
! LOTS $10 AND ND MORE
;| CLEAR DEED FOR $10.
; ; To advertise beautiful Redwood Park wo aro
; ; {,'iving a clear deed for $10 to one lot 25x100 foot,
; ; without further cost, or condition of any kind.
;; Got a summer homo among tho Redwoods.
♦ REDWOOD HARK is located in San Mateo coun-
; ; ty,22 miles south of San Francisco and ton miles
;; byroad west of Redwood City. It is an ideal '*
\ \ plneo, covered with redwood troos, some ovor 5
; ; foot in diameter! Near by aro Purrisima crook
; ; and Crystal lakes, famous for trout flailing,
;; You can buy a lot hero during tho next few
; ; day for $10 and no moro.
; ; Write for illustrated booklet.
| CALIFORNIA SUBURBAN LAND COMPANY, Inc.
I 303-307 Pacific Buildinp. SAN FRANCISCO. CAL
neoa of keeping conducting find
flurrying on of ftaloous, bars, bar
rooms mid other nlacea where Intoxi
cating liquors, wine, nle, or beer, or
any mixture contniulng the sume ore
sold ot given Rwny by the glnss or
Iv loss quantities than one pint, or
are sold or glren away to be nerved or
distributed or drunk or used on the
premises nhure sold or given away,"
approver) Janunty 11, lUOO, and
Ordinance No. '20 amending Heutlon 1)
ot said* Ordinance No. 0. approved
February 8, I !)()(!, and all ordinances
mkl parts lit ordinances in conflict
herewith are hereby repealed.
Hection 1). This ordinance, before
taking eltect, shall be published for
one week In the Amador .Ledger, a
weekly newspaper published In tbe
oity ot ilacksun, and shall take elfect
and be In torce from and after the
first day of February, 1!)<)'.I. .
Introduced, October Bth, 100H, by
Ueo. A. Kirkwood.
Passed and approved this 15th dny
of October, 1908, by the following
vote:
Ayes: (_!eo. A.- Kirknroorl, Wm.
l J onry, Win. lam, 11. Learn, V. S.
OarbarlDi.
.Noes: None.
V. S. OAKUAIiiNI.
President of the Hoard of Trustees
of tho City of iliidkHoii.
Attest: O. M. KKLLKV,
(Hral) CityCioik.
Published for one week iv the
Amador Ledger, viz: October 2.1.
r_ OKTTINORR 8. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundryl Machine Shop
Sutter Creek, Cal. ,
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
lutcst and moat approved patterns, und
all kinds of sheet Iron pipe. Every description
ot mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers In iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on hand a large
aud complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
-ou, gas pipe, gas Bttlngs, etc, which we will
sell at tho LOWEST CASH PRICKS.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
For Chapped Skin
Chapped skin vvbetber on tbe liunda
or face nuiy be uureri iv 0110 uight
by applying Chamberlaiu's snlye. It
ia also liuequnled lor sore uipplus,
burns and scalds. For sale by Jnck
011 Drug Store, Hpaguoli, Prop.
San l''iHnoiaco otters great oppor
tunities. Prepare lor tbeni by taking
a course iv the San Francisco Huai
nesa College, 71)3 Filltuore St.., S. V.
iiSBMBi
Regs to announce to the people of the City o£ Jack-
son the arrival of the
Fall Season Stock of
Woolens and Fabrics
And will bo pleased to show you
Tl^e I^E^riEST. STYLES
Both in cut of garment and material; Fit and work-
mansnip guaranteed, Glive me a call and convince
yourselves. No trouble to show goods. Saiisfac- |
tion assured. Don't forget the address,
HOSS THE TAILOR,
MAIN STREET, JACKSON.
In building formerly occupied by Max' Ladar.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦•##♦•♦»••••♦•••♦♦♦♦••••♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦••••♦»♦#♦♦♦♦
{OLwLU RED OATS| BARLEY AND RYE. \\
T _, __ ... Write for quotations. < ,
• GRAIN DICKINSON & NELSON C0 M Stockton, Ca.. jj
?♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦»•♦♦»•••• ♦♦♦»♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦« '
Owl 30 days Specials.
CutlnHra Soap lfa
Castorin 22c.
$1 siaa Llsterfnp fi>s«j
Carter's L. I*. Mils l-'ic
Lyon'fi Tooth Powder JCc
Sapolio 10c, fJako only 6c,
Write for our .-> biir complete Mail
Order Catalogues. SENT FUEB
TO' YOU.
The Owl Drug: Company
Mail Order Department
(ill Mission atrpft,
»AS. FRANCISCO, CAI,
-
Special Smail Ads.
A<lvi:rllsi:ninnts nnrl'ir this liond, not exceed-
Inn IS linos, will bo Inscrtod lit IWIo per month, or
ftconta Dor line for l«ss thnnonn month.
,\ LT. kinds of Blank* for 17. S. Lund Filings—
■* v Hninentond. Timber und Minoral blanks —
tuny bo liiul ut tha Tedder olTico: also ilncds
mortgage)*, mining locutlonx, proof of labor,
itnd otber legal blitnkn limit for dale.
Mining Sigualß on oloth, required
to bo posted in all niinoa, for sale at
tbe Ledger office.
For Sale— Lot of bencilies, formerly
used in Webb ball 1 ; (i and 8 feet long;
suitable for show place,churobea,. etc.
Will be sold cheap; apply at JLedgvr
office.
Acknowledgment binnks for nota-
ries, specinlly printed for Amador
county, may be had at tins Ledger
ottlce. Price 500 per packet ot 00.
Furnished Kooins to let: inquire at
Ledger olfice.
Copies of the license ordinance ot
the City of Jackson in pamphlet form
mny he bad at the Ledger ottlce; price
15c. eaob.
For Kent— Two front rooms in the
Webb ball building, suitable for
offices. Apply at Ledger otfJce.
VVANTKD— I'asture tor twenty head
of cattle, after tho grass starts.
Address W. 11. Frey, Fairplay, El
Dorado Co., Calif. Aug. 2»-2m
Wanted, at Ledger otlice, a boy or
girl, about 17, to learn printing busi-
ness and reporting..
FOX liKNT— ihren furnished rooms
for light housekeeping ou th& Mason
tract. Apply at this otHco.