OLDEST PAPER
LARGEST CIRCULATION
It Pays the Business Man to Artver
tl. in the Ledger.
Established October 27, 1855.
AttorneyH»t-t.»w,
JACKSON, CAI..
Office in Marella nuildln?, Ctourt itreet.
Will practice In all tho courts of tho state, fe
' DOCTORS.
-|71 K. KNDIOOTT, M. I>.
I'lijmlclnn »n<l Sargeon
Jackson, Cai,. .
■offloes Webb bulldlnj. All calls promptly
attended to at all times,
pvlt. rilEl> F. BPBAOVB
"^ l'hjrslolan »iul Surßoon t
JACKSON, CAL..
■OrFicE— Next door to residence, north Main
street, opposlto Cnllforula hotel.
Tolophone Mnlu 32
Pliyglclan and Surgeon
JACKSOS, CAL
Otllce in Marolla bulldlnK, Main Street.
-v> S. iJOODMAN M I>.
l'hy»l<l:»n and Surgeon
■ SUTTKR CUKKK, CAL.
-pvis. £;gVltnoii
Pliy3ician and Surtreon
r,- , omce, Main 26
Residence, Mutn 27
Amador City, Cai.
T> V. WALKIOIt. 31. I>.
Practli'e limited to disoasoH of
EYE, EAR, NOSE and THROAT
-Office— 7-8, Baldwin BUg., (over Smith & Lany's
STOCKTON, UA.L. 's a l
DENTISTS.
-pK.J.n.KXi.VKTV
DentlAt,
JACKSON, CAI..
' Ofrtces. In Kny Building, -jrain .itreut.
Hours !) to 5, Tolephouo Ulack 383
T.yfi.' 'JOHN A. DELUCCHI
DENTIST
SUTTEE CKKEK, CAL.
Office nouns:— From 0 a. m. to 5 ». m.
ttJiciiakd wkuii
United States Commissioner
' JACKSON CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other Mings;
tailing of tlnal proofs and all other Land
Business.
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
The A. Van derNailen School
Of Civil, Electrical Mining EnKineorini?, etc.
ESTABLISHED 188J.
Occupying their own largo bullulnjr, work-
shop ivnd laboratories. ,
Groat demand for ox-students In nil linos.
Nov.- students should enroll at once.
TELEGRAPH AND 51st,
OAKLAND, CAL. mylB
Send for Catalogue.
L. OBTTINCEK 8. N. KNIGIIT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutter Creek, Cai.
BUILDEHS OF WATEU WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of inlnlnx and milling machinery inudo at the
shortest notion. We desire to call tbe attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to the
fact thut we keep constantly ou hand a large
ind complete stook of bar, refined uud Norway
i "on. K<iß pipe, Kas UttlngH, etc., whloh wo will
nell ttt the LOWEST CASH PRICES.
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street. Jaoksoa
WATCHES, CLOCKS JEHfEIHT*
AND SILVERWARB «
*» All goods warrantor as represented
Repairing of watchei, Olocka and Jewelry
tpeolaltv.
Amador Ledger.
JACKSON. AMADOU COUNTY. CALIFOItNIA, F If IDAY. AUGUST 14.1908.
City Trustees.
The city truateea met Monday mid
Tuesday ovenlnga :as n hoard of
equalization. With one exception
the BBseftmout books were ncoepted
as offered. The one applloatiou for
a reduction wna from the Anita
Mining Company, which aasesstnent
waa leduced from SU'i'.o to 81250*7
The Library Tax.
How to get rid of the library tax is
tbe queatiou now agitating the city
trustees. It will be remembered that
when this mnttor waa mooted tbo
Ledger expressed the opinion that
tbe conditions here were not mif.li ns
it to jiiHtify tiny action towurd the
establiabment of a public library. A
large element of the population be
long to tbo non-reading and ikoii-
English speaking class, liut tho iden
of getting a 810,000 gift from Carnegie
wna tho alluring bait. Maoy people,
under' tho impression that Carnegie
would dip bis hand into his pocket
and dump 810,000 into the bauds /of
the trustees for library purposes
without any oonditious or rostrio
tioua, were of course favorable to tbe
ucheme. liut that is not tho way of
tlio Carnegie donations. The city
must supplemout the gift with I'mfrid
toward tbe site, aud also guarantee a
certain fitnonnt, not less than 81000
annually, for tbe support of the
library. With this outlook the ardor
for the Carnegie library abated, and
has now dropped balow zero. A tax
of 10a was levied last your for this
fund, realizing about SUUO. Hotf'to
get rid of this levy aud (hrow, the
library fund into the scrap heap 'is
tho question now before the house.
This is another illustration of 'tho
wisdom of tbo old saying, "Look
before you Jonp. ". Jt is suid it will
require a petition signed by uno
fourth of the electors to nullify the
action iilroady taken iv this direc
tion.
Fareweil Party.
Weduesduy evening, August sth, a
farewell party was giveu at tho home
of Mr aud Mrs A. W. Darling of
Quartz Mt., in honor of tho Messrs
Sam laaminger and Will Adams and
Miss Nellie Harriett.
Miss Pinruott, who has boon n guest
of the Ford girls, returned to Oak
land, where p'ho attends high sehiiol.
Mr Adnms, who has been siicuding
his vacation at the Fremont for the
purpose of obtaining practical ex
periecco in mining, returned to
lierkeley, whore ho alao attends high
school,
Mr Isnnrinyer left for Sacramento,
where ho ra'ot his brothor-iu-luw,
Kllia Henderson, and they lett to
gether for IVort Jones. Siskiyou
county, whoro they will accept posi
tions that await them.
Many of Amador's mos: popular
young peobpo were present and tbore
was also a number from Quartz Mt.
and Hunker Hill, namely: Miescs
Susie aud Alma Witte, Kruily llojas,
Louisa Uannetts, Mario Arthur,
Heatrice .Jelfery, Elsie Kulo, Ida
lsaminger, Kul-u Arnise, Mutige and
Lizzie Ford, Alice and Agnes Hul
tado, Nellio Harriett, l'Jdna Henderson,
Mr and Mrs A. W. Darling, Mrs
Nettie Ktilo, Mrs Grace Henderson,
Messrs Morton Hambly, Uay Witte,
Frank Kelly, .Louie Caseellu.Claronce
(iatten, Sam uud lion Huuuetts. Ed.
aud James Jofl'ery. Fred Labndie,
Sam Isamingnr, Will Adams, Waiter
Arthur, Elton Rule and Frank ilul
tado,
The evening -was speut iv playing
games, singing and dancing. iCo
frosbmontH were served at midnight,
after which several songs were sang,
and then bidiuc farewell to one nud
all they departed. All reported
having a good time. "Quurtz is nut
so slow after all." 1. 1.
Phear's Express.
King up Ham Phear for prompt de
livery ot trunks, bagga^o and express
packages. Kutoa reasonable. Leave
orders with P. L. Cassiuelli, phone
Main S3; aud K.vpress olfJoe, Main 3-1;
residence Jilack 374. ,
Chronic Diarrhoea Relieved.
Mr. Edward 10. Henry, with the
United Mtatiw JOxpiess Co., Uhiougo,
writes, "Our general superintendent,
Mr Quick, handed me a bottlo of
Chamberiaiu'H colic, choleru aud
diarrhoea remedy some time ago to
check an attuck nf tho old chronic
diarrhoea. 1 hove used it since Unit
time and cured many on our trains
who have been nick. 1 am an old
soldier who served with Itutherfurd
li. llayiw and William McKinnloy
four yenrs in tbe 'J.'ird Ohio Kegluieut,
and have no oilmeiit except, chronic
diarrhoea, which this remedy Btopa
at ouoe." for sale by Juckson'ti
drugutore, Spnunoli, prop.
Ledger and Chicajro Weekly liitov-
Oceuu, both papers for one year $2.50
In advance
Arrested on Embezzlement Charge
Peter Uobovicli, cashier of tho
Hutter Creek State Hunk up to tbe
time it closed, wan arrested in Butter
Creek Saturday afternoon by Sheriff
Gregory, and brought to Jaokson.
Tbe complaint hud been sworn to
hafore Judge Utildner on the 27th of
July by Miohele Faoohiauo, a barber
In Sutler Creek. In the complaint
he chnrges Dabovlch with the
embezzlement of 8898.70. He alleges
that he placed this' sum with the
bank to bo sent to Italy, from which
he says no returns have been re
ceived, and of which no account has
been kept in tbe hooks. As soon as
they hoard of Dabovioh'a predica
ment, Fred Werner and Frank N.
Soracco camo over from Suitor Creek
and furuishod the required amount of
bonds, 810,000, to restore the oecueed
to liberty pending examination.
This criminal action ia the that of
its kind in connection with the
niudillod-up affairs of the defunct
bank. It is rumored that other
criminal tiiiit.s are to follow. Diibo
vloh has tho sympathy of mauy. . He
was merely nn employe of the bank,
subject to the orders of bis superior
olllcors. While bo must have known
of the tamino of cash, and the condi
tions of ntniHi generally, ho was
buoyed up by tho hope that every
thing would be straightened out
satisfactorily. Me reaped no benefit
from tbe departures from strick bank
ing methods.
Diarrhoea Cured
"My father has for yoars tifiou
troubled ' with diarrhoea, and tried
overy moans possibles ro otfeot a cure,
without avail," writes John 11, Zirkle
of Philippi, W. Vh. Vilo saw Cham
berlain's colic, colora and dinrrhooa
remedy advertised ' in the Philippi
J.Copublicun and decided to try j it.
Tho result is one bottle cured him
and he has not, suffered with tho rlis
easo for eighteen months. Heforo
taking thin remedy be wag a constant
sufferer. He is now sound and well,
nud although sixty years old, can do
as much work as a young man." Sold
by Jackson's drug store," Spaguoli,
prop.
Fatal Termination.
Tun sail news was received hero
Sunday thut .Mrs Maurice Newnifirr
died early that morning In San Frail-
Cisco. Deceasod'3 maiden nismo was
.Jennie Maud (Jatteu, a resident ol!
Amador City, in which town her
parents aro •Mill living. Sho ■wm
married quietly in September last.
and tho fact of tho wedding became
known hero only a few wf.eks ego.
Three weeks ago deceased gave birth
to n-child. aud at tho same tinm sho
waa eerlnualy ill of typhoid fever,
i'ho many friends of the deceased
deeply deplore her departure in tbe
bloom of young ivnmriuhoorj. The
remains wcro brou^lit to thia county,
anil tho funeral took p.laco Iv Amador
ou Wodnesriay last.
Tho servicea wore conducted by the
Key. li. U. limn, according- to tho
ritea of tho Kpiscoi>al Church, iv tho
prosouco of a large attourianco of
citizuna dosirous of paying tho last
tribute of respect to the deceased.
Ball Game Sunday.
The Amador City nud Elootrn base
ball teams met on the local diamond
last Sunday and played n close game
ot ball, the scoro tit the end being 4
to 5 in favor of tho Plectra team.
Tho Amador boys had Uafney,
pitcher for tho Diamond Springs,
twirl the ball, besides filling m a
couplo other positions from out of
town. Three of the Jackson team
played with the Electras. The last
time the two tcums met waa in
Amador, I'Jloctra being beaten by a
score of 'S,i to 18. Tho line-up was
as follows:
Amador. Eleotra.
Wafney pltober Fryer
Cavagnero catcher Kortuer
Kerr Ist b. Cumniiuga
Urignoti 2nd b. ■ McLauglilin
Pearco 3rd b. Visola
Matthews a. c. Delahide
Douglas 1. f. Woolfork
Houa c. f. Vebi
Kelloy r. f. Uhiapctto
On May 8, 1902, tho beautiful city
of St. Pierre with v populutlou of
30,1)00, was snurt'od out of exlsteuoo
by the eruption ot Mount Pelee,
tiinco then, little by little, thu
dwellers in the neighborhood of the
city who saved their lives by flight,
have returned to thu farms aud
fields they formerly oultivated. The
fertility of tho fields had been great
jy inoreased by the volcuuln matter
deposited on tho surface. In time a
feeble revlvul of Ht. Pierre eusued,
until now about 5,000 persons aro
once more living on tbe «ite ot the
former city, the steamships have be
gun to call, aud a municipal govern
ment la under consideration.
The Arson Cases.
In the trial of Domenlco Manzo,
one of the four charged with wilfully
burning the Summit Jlouso hotel
In February last, the case wan sub*
mittedtothe jury at three o'clock
last Kridny. It wns after seven the
same evening before they reached a
verdict of guilty of arson in tbe
second degree. Wednesday was the
time set for passing sentence, but
upon petition of defendant's attorney,
Croely, sentence wna passed Tuesday
morrulng. Mr Creely addressed tho
court, stating that Manzo had always
borno a good reputation and asked
that the sentence be as light as possi
ble. Judge Rust sentenced defendant
to a term of twelve years in Han
Quentin. Attorney Crooly motioned
tor a new trial, which was denied.
Ho then film] notices of appeal in
tbn enses of Doinenico Manzo and
Agostino JJorello.
Marco Horello, who was also
accused of boing implicated in the
sumo crime was set free Monday
morning at the request of tbe dis
trict attorney, on. the grounds that
tho prosecution bad not been able to
secure sufficient evidence against de
fendant to warrant them proceeding
with the trial. He was immediately
released from custody and Tuesday
morning left for San Francisco.
Tbo trial of C. Lepori, a prominent
San Francisco merchant, who waa
also charged with tho same crime, was
to have eommenoed Tuesday morning,
but npon motion of tbo district
attorney the case wns dismissed.
V'lcini said ho was obliged to confess
Ihnt tho district attorney 'a otllce did
not have snlliciont evideuco to war
rant a conviction, and that it would
bo useless, tb incur tho expenso of a
trial. C. Lepori was present in the
•court room when the charge was dis
missed.
From Silver Lake.
jj C H. Keynolrls came down from
Silver Lako Monday, whoro no has
b6on rusticating on tho cattlo rango
of tho Plasso lirothot'B. lie reports a
larao number of tourists flecking to
tho mountain region this season,
JWzlvon thovo to escape the intense
I beat of, tho lower laud.?, But tbn
mountain crests nro also experiencing
a heated spell this year, BUch as old
mountaineers who tiaro spent the
I summers there for many years past
never beforo experienced. Tfio
thermometer has mounted to between
70 and 80 each day, aud that is climb
ing some for that region.
High School Opens This Month.
The Union high ktihool at lono will
[reopen on Monday August :il«t. Tho
school will bo under new manage
ment, Prof. Burbnnb boing displaced
as principal by Prof. Van Horn.
Prof. Hui'hank has returned to his
homo in Colorado. There will bo
one now instructor, Ulliug tho
vacancy lett by Mr tiurbank. A
number of Jackson grammar school
graduates expect to enter this term.
WOMEN 1 ? WOES.
Jackson Women Are Finding Re-
lief at Last.
It does seem that women have morn
than a fair thare of tbe m:bus aud
pains chat afflict humanity; they
must "keep up," must attend to
duties in spite of constantly aching
hacks, or headaches, dizzy spells,
hearing-down pains; they must stoop
over, when to stoop means torture.
They must walk and bond and work
with racking pains and many aches
from kidney ills. Kidneys causa
more suitoriug than any other, organ
of tbe body. Keep the kidneys well
and health is easily maintained. Read
of a remedy for kidneys only that
helps aud cures the kidneys and is
endorsed by pimple you know.
Mrs U, Williams, living on Pitt
.-tniat, Jackson, ('al., says: "1 havo
used Dean's Kidney Pills aud am
glad to say that they act as represent
ed. When 1 commenced their uso, I
was in a very bad way aa tbe result
from kidney trouble. Doau's Kidney
Pills were brought to my attention,
1 procured a box at tho City Phar
macy uud began their use. My kid
neys are now iv fine couditiou aud 1
foel better in every way.' 1
For «nln by all dealers. Price 50
capta. Foster-Milburu Co., liutfalo,
New York, sole ageuts tor the United
States. Hemomber the name— Doaus'
—uud taken no other ■
Card of Thanks.
We hereby extend our siueroJthaukß
to all friend who tendered their kind
ly aid in our bereavement in the
death of Mrs Maurice Newman, nee
Jeunle Maud (latten.
Maurice Netvmtiu
Cbatt. (iatten and family.
OASTOHIA.
Boivre tho _v? Ihe Ki " d You Have AlwayS
MINING NOTES.
Central Eureka.— Operations have
been delayed at this mine, because of
tbe non-arrival ot a number ot special
pieous ot timber from Oregon, which
will be used In the erection of a
stand for an oil tank. They will
arrive here some time this week, and
aa soon aa they are in place about
forty men will be put to work at re
pairing tbe shaft, it will be some
time before the damages can be re
paired. The general opinion is that
this mine, by judicious management
is destined to again enter the
dividend-paying list. Twenty-four
hundred feet, as the history of min
ing in Amador county fully <lu
monstrateH, is a long way from tbe
depth at which pay rook may be ex
pected to bo enoounte'red along this
lode; aud the fact that the Central
Eurckn lias been a lavish producer of
the precious metal for a scries of
yoars, enoourages those now iv con
trol to re-open it, and explore it
more thoroughly.
South Eureka.— We understand they
have commenced the erection nt n
cable tramway from tbe niino to the
Central Eureka mill. Tho South
I'Jureka baa more rock than can be
handled in its own 20 stamp mill, so
it is proposed to use li(J stamps of tbe
Centrnl Eureka uutil that mine has
reached a stage of development that
will again require its full milling
enpacity, which is not likely to be
for a cou'sirJorablo time.
Origiunl Amador.— There ia noth
ing doing at this miuo, situated at
Amador City, between the Keystone
aud iiunker Hill mines. Operations
camo to a standstill about a mouth
ago, owing to a mishap to tbe ma
chinery.
Hunker IJill. — Thia miuo according
to current reports coutinuea to look
remarkably well, as tho development
work progresses. It is proposed to
sink the shaft 400 feet deeper, carry
ing it down to over 1000 feet. This
will give two moro levcla, 'JOO feet
apart. Tho present bottom level ia
1550 feet. ■
Del Monte. — At n meeting of the
stockholders of thij company held in
Jtickson recently, a resolution was
passed selling the eutiro properties,
situtod iv the Shecnrauch mining dis
trict, in (Jalaverna county, to the Del
Monte UoldMeld Mining Company,
tho hbadquarters of which are in
(■old Held. Tho purchase price is
1)0,000 shntes of stock iv the Del
Monto Gold Held to be distributed pro
rnta to the stockholders of tho Del
Monte M. & M. Co., this stock ia
estimated at 25 cents per share, mak
ing 8ia,500. Tho stockholders in the
old Del JMonte aro tho principal
stockholders of tho (Joldlield concern.
Argonaut.— This mine is moving
along, if not aa prosperously aa iv
years gone by, at least with euoournsr-
Ing signs that tbo old-time dividend
paying era will return in due time.
Sumo tlno ore was recently en
countered. Sinking is still being
prosecuted, and another level is
about to be opened at 2800 feet. It
will he some time before tho ore body
is opened up so as to supply tho mill.
Nothing further has beon done to
ward the development of the Apropos
mine embracing the Hoffman field, or
tho south extension ot tbo Argonaut
mine. A new company has been
formed for the purpose of itH de
velopment, and it is reported that
steps will be taken to sell stock, but
nothing definite is known at present
beyond tho circle of thoso specially
interested.. It is rumored that ore
has been struck on tho 1000 level ruu
ing into the Hoffman ground by an
upraise from tbe 1000 to the 1100
level. We ure not able to give any
thing definite iv regard tb this
matter, except that there is every
resauu to believe that it is well
founded. This really is the bent
news that has been reported in this
camp for v long time. The point
where the ore is said to have been
found is nearly midway in the llott
iimii ground, which Jeavos ample
room north nud south for tbe de
velopment of exteusivo tiro chambers
within the limits of tbo claim. It
is hoped that steps will soon be taken
to put down a shaft, and' proceed to
tlevelop this mine independent of tbe
Argouaut company.
The Laziest Alan In the World
would not in) contented to be kept in
the houtie mid doing nothing by rheu
mutism. Neither lire you, who ure
always busy and uotivo. Then don't
neglect the first twinge of an uche or
pain that you might think is just v
''crick." Hub well with llallttrd's
•Stunv liiuirneut and no matter what
the trouble in, it will disappear at
ouoe. Hold by Kuhser'a City I'liar
tuaoy.
■-. .S^jJTan (ipyyoVJ 0 lUWieacU,
v LcuWTTrtitm7^£fi-^fJrinted at
theli(!ll^P! f(ffic99 than you
can buy blank stock for el9o-
TRY IT.
Five Cents Per Copy.
Hotel Arrivals
Nntitmal— Tliurmlny : P llolzmark,
11 tiohmiuor, L H Ueaaley W A l)u
pero, H Uhliijliiki, Kirn Kraucisco; 1»
Kuril, J Kopln, Klmer h. Vox, I'
Uuiosai, Uacramento; lleury Lalllt',
Horkuloy, S Kurusbor, Japan.
Frlday-Charloa I<*. Kednall, M li
Molllt, A H Crano, S V UnDner, San
Francisco; VV 11 Weaver, Alameda; H
Morris, Froano; Walter Cruinly,
Mutter Creek; Mr and Mrs A. J.
Lyons, Lockford.
Saturday— L li Crout, OgdeD; 11 JL
Fryer, V C Vlsoln, H L, CumminßS,
Klectra; O 11 Uoichling, San Frau
cisoo.
Sunday— t!eo Miller, Volcauo; Wm
MoLaue, l^efondor; II \V Hteckel and
daughter, Ham by Mine; (Jeo A (!ray,
Stockton; D Michalls, Harry
Wincrotb, D (Jlazer, San Francisco;
Dr. 11 L Pariah, wire and daughter,
Culistuga.
Monday— James II Creeley, Oak
land; T C Hopkins, Chicago; MB
Surbaugh, (J W Goodwin, San Fran
ci«co; Mrs E C liaker, Miss Katie
Urulf, Klectra; J A Donovan, W H
Shoets, Sl'jcklun; C S Wallace, Den
ver; Sum W LeHoy, San Rafael.
Tuesday— Thoo J Mans, N i.'obiaa,
Mr and Mrs 11 L Miller, Sau Fran
cisco; Ueo A. l'rowse, Stockton.
Weduoaday— lJ li Hanscom, Jj II
Young, Sacratnonto; J C Uaris,
Uorkeley.
(Jloue— l'hurscluy : Charles A Gay
lord, \) Korn,tsaoramento; D Uallero,
San Francisco.
Friday— l 3 Gabbsrt, Falorna; \V
Ludekeus, l'irm Grove.
Saturday— D O Churchcian, lone;
W li Cumble, Amador City; Chaa 31
Gallagher, Plectra. •
Sunday— A lbert Niohols, Kitcbey;
L LSiowd, Sau Francisco; H Eustice,
Stockton; Mrs Wm Dnnghorty, Sacra
mento.
.Monday— M Uaminar, love; 1' X
Clark, San I'Vancisco; \V Cooper,
Berkeley.
Tuesday -Frank Jj Fernandez, San
Francisco; FA O'rr, Plymouth; Mrs
John l J rotumo, Suttor Creek; Mrs LI
Wyrnau, (Jrass Valley.
Wednesday— X b'arnlmm, Oleta; Al
Davis, San Francisco; (i W i'erry,
Sacramento; U Akins, O I? A they,
O I' Thomas, L'iuoJe.
Campo Seco Copper •
Mine Has a l-irc
A press dispatch of Aug. 8 saja:
The rock crushing plant at the
L'eun Chemical C'ompauy's copper
iniues was completely destroyed by
lire last night, causing the sbuttiug
down of tin) smelter arid the loan of
about 823.000.
Ihe b'luze started at. about 7 :!10
o'clock, at a point nenr where the
eloctno wires enttir the builtling.
Last evening the meu quit work at
about 0:150 o'clock. It *ia btjieved
that the flro waa either started by de
fective electrical wiring or spoutaun
ous combustion. Those who iuci>ne
to the latter theory poiut to tho tact
that tha workmen's washroom waa
tilled with greasy clothing and the
temperature waa nt 102 degrees.
The rouudhouso in which the loco
motive which ia used to haul ore
downirom the mines to the smelter
waa stored, was burned but the engine
waa saved. Only by valiant lighting
were tho big smelter and adjoining
buildings saved. The Mre-iighterd
wero haudicapped by a scarcity of
water. Koilutmtuly, there was no
bieeze and tho Humes shot straight
upwards. Otherwise the entire plant
would have been destroyed.
Kire In tho Hotel.
l«'ire broke out in the Campo Seco
hotel, of' which James liyno is pro
prietor, last night, but the damage
was slight. One of the guests iett a
candle burning in tii3 room, and it
was blown over upon a pile of papers.
Preston School Shops Closed.
As a result of the simill amount of
water running iuto thu Prustou
school reservoir, which lies among
the hills back of the school, tin.
trustees havo found it necessary to
have the muohiue shops at the school
closed. All the machinery at the
school is run by water power, which
way supplied by tbe reservoir, which
also supplies the water tor tire tight
ing purposes. Tha trusteed propose
to install a gasoline engine to turn
tbe wheels of tbe' maohiue shops.
They also expect to begin immediate
ly the replacement of the building
destroyed by lire last woek.
Baby Morphine Fiends
aro made by all soothing syrups ami
baby mediuiuna that contain opium
and uaruotics. MoCSee'a 1(a1.,\» Klixii
t'ontuin.s no Injurious or mircotk
drugs of any kind. A sure and Eaft
cure for disordered stouiaoh.s, bowel>
and fretfuluesM— splendid for teethlui
infants. Hold by Kuhsur's City l'lmi
maoy.2
AMADDR LEDBER
Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEBB Editor and Proprietor
M. P. CALKINS Business Manager
SUBSCRIPTION RATES)
On»year (tn advance 93 (XI
Oceyear (If not In advance) , 9 so
Six months OT 1 00
Three montbl 0 W)
One or more copies, each 0 5
Legal advertising— per squaie of t3i ems— First Insertion tl.oo
Subsequent Insertions— pc i munre-eaoh 50
*
IN2IBRBD AT Till POSTOrriCB AT JACKSON AS BBCOND-CL.ASB MATTKH.
THIS PA PPR '" ke r t on m ° at r - c - I>AKK'H Advertising Agency, 779 Market street
* *">J •* *" l-I\ Sau Francisco, California, where contracts for udvnrtlslnf? onn bo made
for It
CITY OFFICIAL PAPER.
FRIDAY AUGUST 14, 1008
RAISING THE SALOON LICENSE.
The introduction of au ordinance before the board of city
trustees to increase the retail liquor license from $15 to $45
per quarter came as a surprise to the citizens generally. Few
were aware that any such move was in contemplation. It was
unheralded by any discussion of the subject pro and con.
The action is not based on any petition of property or busi
ness men, which is the usual course- when any radical change
is proposed in the conduct of municipal affairs. Trustees are
supposed to reflect the sentiments of their constituents, but
the Ledger is unable to explain the true inwardness of this
change of the license system, either as regards the motives
behind it or the object sought to be accomplished thereby.
The proposition has been the subject of a great deal of dis
cussion, and the views expressed are widely divergent. It is
admitted that the saloon business is overdone, both in Jack
son and throughout the county. Saloons have been fostered
and encouraged by a system of low license extending over a
period of many years, the increase being gradual. As a
general proposition, it is conceded that high license is the
most practicable method of regulating the liquor traffic. The
subterfuge of trying to limit the number under a low tariff
has proven vexatious and unsatisfactory in every way. But
conceding this, the wisdom of rushing at the thing blind
fold and hurriedly is viewed with serious misgivings by
many. It is not a simple matter of getting rid of half a
dozen saloons more or. less, but the disturbance of property
values that must necessarily flow from any violent shift of
policy, that imparts gravity to the situation. Jackson was
iocorporated less than three years ago under an implied, if
not express, pledge that business interests would not be
menaced by any material increase of license. In other words
city licenses would be graded to conform with county licenses.
Jackson is not now, and has not been for years, enjoying any
thing like a boom. The demand for business houses in the
business section is fully supplied. Any radical step that
would suddenly drive a number of saloous out of business
should be, well pondered over before decisive action is taken.
It is a long way from being the simple problem that It looks.
The business center is the pulsating heart of auy town. Strike
at the heart and the whole community must suffer. Vacant
business premises mean a loss of population, and tumbling of
rents, with the inevitable result of a general depreciation of
property values, and a corresponding shrinkage of the assess
ment roll, and curtailment of city and county revenue de
rived from direct property taxes. So that if increased revenue
is the ultimate aim the outcome is apt to briug bitter disap
pointment. This is the view taken by the conservative,
thinking element.
On the other hand, some, who take an exclusively moral
view of the subject, will commend and applaud any move that
squints in the direction of lessening the saloon evil. It is
purely a sentimental question with them, separated from the
economical and civic view. As a rule they are not property
holders, and have little vested interests to be jeopardized.
They are sincere enthusiasts, and would hail the absolute
prohibition of the liquor traffic at one fell swoop, regardless
of its immediate consequences, as a reform victory of the
highest importance. But it is certain that the proposed
jump in the license tax was not taken at their request or ou
their initiative.
It cannot be'denied that some would be benefited. The
score or so of saloon men who would be able to meet the
trebled toll, would expect to be more than repaid by the in
creased business which they calculate would come from the
knock-out of competing establishments. This aspect is so
utterly selfish that it will fail to command the respect of auy
oue outside of the few beueficiares concerned. Surely the
governing body of auy city would scorn to be influenced by
appeals prompted by such a spirit. In the absence of any
petition calling for a radical departure from the existing
policy, more or less wild street talk is bound to be indulged
in. The Ledger believes that the majority should rule, and
trusts this matter — which is a truly delicate one — will be
fully discussed by our citizens generally, and acted upon
intelligently, with the sole view of promoting the city's wel
fare.
AMADOU LEDGEHt JACKBO3S, CALIFORNIA,
■ . ■ , . ,-:■,■:
■r^^nbMd I UKIA
}&m u^J^^^^M 7 J| For Infants and Chlldron.
11l f» $sroßJ Tfie Kind You Have
EEfiSK t^^-— -- - -*#g^g»« MlVtfdVo DUUulil
Pta ii -AI.COJIOL •' JPEK CKNT\j
B'h^« AVcgelaWelYcparrtionrorAs-J -n j.i . #
Hflfl'fll slrailatingtließwrfanJßcgu&J JJ63»rS TiJIG j * \
g|ft| tgCflgfffalffiffl^ Signature /j\m
Psl'w Promotes DigeslionJCkwful rJt /y/ltf
F3ffi'|l ness and Itest.Contalnsneitivr u f' §\\ iM
BfitfSlil OP"" 11^ 01 "?^ 110 norMiocral. £i \l I V
H ,#3(| ill RxtjxotOldDcSMlELnTaini I I\m \
|*J&y MJM&fo- / m fll^' 111
ISStllliuW C ! < ne *•/ I : » m ( O"^ B __
H&Mid iI.X 1 1 tfdnti Jffti m ■ ■ JKHW * ■ ~ ■■
rw-raW(Ai cjmnriisiiM". 1 ! Arft V laa
feM )mqrn,:tlimr. I j g\V j|ft II M
ISiHr Aperfect Remedy for Cdnsflpa- I 1«K
POT Hon.SourStomach.Dlarrhoea 1 IM — ft
life 1 ' Worras,ConvulsioHS.FcvErish- \ H rfir IVPT
MMi \ ness andLoss OF Sleep.. \J lUI Ul Ul
la^vM Facsimile Signature_of ; -TL!*.*.. Vm.u«
B&t d*o^- I nirtv TGsrs
|*SS[| NEW YORK. ■■■■■ij ivmiw
i^^^^Py||s l UKIA
Exact Copy of wrapper. . THC centaur companv, new you* errr*
BACK EAST CHEAP
Low Bate Summer Excursion Tickets sold to Eastern
points on these dates:
July 21, 22, 23, 28, 29. 1
August 17, 18, 24 and 25. |
September 15 and 16. . . i
Sept, 23, 24, 25, to Kansas City only. 1
Hero are some of the rates: n
Omaha - ;;- - - . % 60,00 |
Council Bluffs - - . - 60.00 |
Kansas City - - - (50.00 I
Chicago - - - • - 72.50 ' |
St. Louis .... 67.50 |
New Orleans - - • 67.50 |
Washington - ... 107.50 1
Philadelphia - • - 108.50 |
New York - - - 108.50 |
Tickets sold on July dates good for 90 days; those |
sold August and September good until October 81. 1
Stopovers and choice of routes going and coming. I
Seo nearest agent for details. jj
I SOUTHERN PACIFIC. I
1 6IIN0CCHI0 BRO'SJ
MJ OEALERb IN (igjf
1 >£ General Merchandise |
vgj ?» sT Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, c&g
$ slls Hoots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining B3
H J\ Supplies, Lumber, Hardware. Hay,
H| Grain, etc., etc. Jffl.
g Corner Main and Water St. M
I JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA I
Flinty Plant Cover*.
When Sir Humphry Dnvy was a boy
•bout sixteen, a little girl came to him
In great excitement:
"Humphry, do tell me my these two
pieces of cane make n tiny spark of
tight 'when 1 rub them together?"
Humphry was 11 studious boy. who
spent hours in thinking out scion tine
problems. He patted the child's curly
bead and said:
"I do not know, dear. Let us see If
they really do moke n light, and then
we will try to find out why."
Humphry soon round that the little
girl was right. The pieces of cane if
rubbed together quickly did give a
ttny light. Then he set to worl? to find
out tho reason, and after some time,
(hnukH to the observing powers of his
little friend and his own kindness lo
her in not Impatiently telling her not
to "worry," as so many might have
done, Humphry Duvy made the first
of his interesting discoveries. Every
reed, cane and grass has an outer skin
of flinty stuff, which protects the in
side from insects and also helps the
frail looking leaves to stand upright.
Table Manners In Old France.
Could we restore for half an hour the
dinner table of old France and obtain
half a dozen instantaneous photo
graphs of a royal banquet at any era
between the reigns of Francis I and
Louis Quotorze such n "cataract of
laughter" would be heard as might
disturb the serenity of Louis in para
dise. The duchess, her napkin tied se
curely round her neck, would be seen
mumbling a bone, the noble marquis
surreptitiously scratching himself, the
belle marquise, withdrawing her spoon
from her lips to help a neighbor to
sauce with it, another fair creature
scouring her plate with her bread, a
gallant courtier using his doublet or
th£ tablecloth as a towel for bis fin
gers and two footmen holding a yard
of damask under a lady's chin while
sh& emptied her goblet at n draft. Dur
ing a feast of inordinate length it was
sometimes necessary to substitute a
clean cloth for the one which the care
lessness or bad manners of the guests
bad reduced to a deplorable condition.
—"An Idler In Old France."
The Midget Snakes.
"I see by your paper," says a corre
spondent, "that you want to find a man
who can tell a snake story with the
sound of originality to it. Here It is:
Nearly forty years ago in the woods of
Indiana I captured three snakes, each
less than three and one-fourth inches
in length, a combined length of less
than ten inches, a little longer and a
little, larger in the middle than an old
fashioned wool darning needle. Al
though these snakes were so small they
would crawl around with their heads
up and dart out their tongues like
larger snakes. I put these reptiles lv
an eight ounce bottle, and they had
plenty of room to crawl around on the
bottom of it without crowding. These
were not the kind of snake 3 generally
seen in bottles, but genuine snakes.,
Among those who saw them was a
minister of the gospel, and he had not
been taking anything to make him see
snakes either."— Eniporia Gazette.
The Pirates.
The Chicago News fails to name the
hero of this story, but has it that the
visitor to the home of a well known
Hoosier State author found his three
youngsters romping lv tho hallway.
"What are you playing, boys?" he
inquired.
"We are playing pirates," elucidated
the smallest.
"Pirates? Why. how can you play
pirates in Indiana? There are no seas
bordering on this state."
"Oh, we don't need any seas. We
are literary pirates, like pa."
And five minutes later a chorus of
yells from behind the.barn told that
the hand that wields the pen can also
wield the shingle.
Outside of His Practice.
"All that Is the matter with you. sir."
said the eminent physician after a
thorough examination. "Is lack of nu
trition. You don't eat enough."
"I ent all I can hold, doctor." said
the attenuated caller.
"Then you need to have your capac
ity enlarged, and that's a case for a
surgeon. Five dollars, please. Good
morning."— Chicago Tribune.
Ovorstudy.
Books are pleasant, but if by being
overstudlous we impair our health and
spoil our gu'od humor, two of the best
pieces wo have, let us give it over. I,
for my part, am 0110 of those who think
that no fruit derived from them cau
recompense so great a loss.— Moutaigne.
She Was Safe.
L!ttl» four-year-old Muuel was run
ning dowjiUU ivoMlnc her dress tight
ly.
"He careful," culled her mother, "or
you will fall."
"Oh. no, I wou't." replied Mabel.
" 'cause I'm holding tight to myself."
Not What Ho Meant.
rbysiclan— Have you uny achos or
pains this morning? Patient — Yes,
docto: ; it hurts me to breathe— in fact,
tho only trouble now seems to be with
my breath, PUy*M»<»— All right I'll
give you something thni wiU soon stop
tuut!
Forbearance.
Uucon— Did you ever have auy desire
to go on the stage? Egbert— Oh, ye»;
only last weeU I did. Oh. tbe actor
was vile! Hut 1 contented myself with
ebylng uu egt,' at him.— Youkers States,
man.
1 never listen to calumnies, because
if they lire untrue 1 run the risk of
hi-dij? deceived and If they tire true of
ii: ting people not worth tuiuklHf about
— .Voutesquleu.
OFFICIAL MAP
Amador County
veys by D. C. CAHLTON, showing
township and school district bound-
aries, ownership of all lands according
to assessment roll of 1004, mineral
claims, canals, location of all school-
houses; also a townstto map of prlncU
pal towns, namely Jackson, Suttcr
Creek, lone, Amador City, Drytown,
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 0 by 8{ feet.
Price, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted - $5
Sold only at
AMADOU LEDGER OFFICE
Sunset Vale 1771 Capital C.13
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and CJeaninq Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods.
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty.
1012-lOth st Sacramento
Is Your Property For Sale?
We are constantly receiving Inquiries from all
parts of the United States for Farms. Vineyards and
Country and City Honiet on the Pacific Coast. If
your property is for salo we shall be clad to place it
on our 1 1st, and put you In direct correspondence with
a large number of possible buyers. Address,
TOWN & COUNTRY JOURNAL PUB. CO.
330 JACKSON ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO., CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
ReOtted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable. joel
| Globe Hotel!
i ' W ■■" !
J ; NEW MANAGEMENT. j
1 MRS. ANNIE HimST....PropY ',
♦ '■ ; ;
(I 4i
I; Board and Lodging;;
J I AT REASONABLE RATES. [ ',
,! Sample (looms for Commer- ',",
', I cial Travelers. ! !
• All Stages stop at this hotel. ■ >
;: jackson..... cal. I
1 ' . myfl ' '
♦»»♦♦»♦♦»«••»<■»♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦ >
I NEW i
i; National * Hotel;
Jackson, Amador county, Cal. [
! F. A. VOORHEIS, Proprietor
Stage Office for all Points!
h I Lighted by electricity throughout
i •jommodlouß Saroplo Rooms for,
I Commercial Travelers. aulB,
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAN
Plymouth. Cal.
Has on hand a full lino of Harness
and Hardoss Fixtures, Saddles.
Bridles and Hobes. Buggies
an:. Curria^e tops made
to ordor.
Also has on hand a lino of
that well known and thor-
oughly tried IiAKEII &
HAMILTON buggies.Amador County
Descriptive Article
Amador county comprises an area of
548 square miles. It lies on the wes
tern slope of Sierra Nevada mountains,
and embraces within Ita territory all
tho diversity of valley, foothill, and
high mountainous lands.
Climate.— Tho climate of the popu
lous portions of tho county is as genial
and healthful as can be found anywhere
In California. As cllmato is one of tho
most valuablo assets of this favored
state In attracting population, Amador
stands second to no county in this re
gard. It should, and no doubt will in
time, when Its climatic advantages are
more thoroughly understood and ap
preciated, become a health resort not
only for those In loss favored states,
but for tho residents of other parts of
California. Tho temperature alone the
central portion rarely falls below 30
degrees above zero in winter, nnd as
rarely rises to 100 degrees in the sum
mer. Snow seldom falls In tho settled
districts, and never remains on the
ground for more than a few hours. Of
course, In the high mountain roglons
of eastern Amador the snowfall Is very
heavy— which is characteristic of the
entire Slorra Nevada range. Tho sum
mer season is alway accompanied with
• cool nights; permitting of sound, re
freshing slumber. Fogs are rare, cy
clones are unknown", thunderstorms are
Infrequent.
Gold Mining,— The county, although
rich in other sources of wealth, com
paratively untouched, is "noted prin
cipally for her quartz mines. The
deepest gold mines in- America ure lo
cated here. Tho Kennedy mine is now
taking gold In liberal quantities from
quart?, extracted from a depth of over
3000 feet below tho surface, with every
indication that tho pay-oro extends to
a much greater depth. Since the dis
covery of gold, the county has contrib
uted fully $100,000000 to the world's
supply of tho precious metal. The
mines are stilt yielding at the rate of
about two million dollars annually.
Nearly all of this wealth is produced by
eight or ten mines operating on what
Is called the "mother lode," stretching
clear across the county In a north-east-
erly direction a distance of twenty
miles. The mines aggregate between
400 and 500 stamps, and furnish em-
ployment for over 1000 miners. This
Industry is still In its infancy. The
unexplored territory, even along tho
main sold belt, Is far In excess of tho
pround that has actually been worked
or prospected. The county offers to
day one of the most inviting fields to
be found anywhere in the world for the
investment of capital In the fascinating
business of gold mining, not alone along
tho mother lode, but also In the almost
untouched mineralized country ot the
east belt, some tenor twelve miles from
the main lode.
Besides gold, wo have copper, de
posits of pottery, coal, imarbe, slate,
limestone, granite, and soapstone or
talc— all undeveloped.
Agricultural Capabilities. — The agri
cultural possibilities equal, If not excel,
tho mineral riches. The valley lands
will produce anything that can be
grown in the most favored sections.
In the foothill lands all kinds of decid
uous fruits thrive: also all kinds of
vegetable are raised where Irrigation
is practicable along the numerous water
courses.. Purtherupln tho mountains,
at an altitude of 2000 to 2500 feet, the
soil Is admirably adapted for apples
and potatoes. A ready market for
many times the quantity now raised of
these commodities can be found lln tho
various mining towns.
Grape culture and wlnemaking are
becoming Importunt Industries, both
the grapes and wine commanding a
better price than ithe product of the
lowland.
Land is cheap compared with other
California lands. Improved farms may
bo secured for one-fourth the price
current In some places. Unimproved
lands can be had from $5 to $10 per
acre. It does not require a fortuno to
buy a small ranch. There is room for
a largo addition to our agrlculural pop
ulation. Vast tracts now devoted to
cattle ranges might be made the homes
of hundreds of prosperous farmers.
Amador has a populasion of less than
12000. Three fourths of this is concen
trated in a strip of three miles above
und below the mineral belt.
Jackson, the county seat, has about
2500 Inhabitants, and isun Incorporated
city ot -the sixth class. Other towns
are Sutttsr Creek, Amador City, Dry
town, Plymouth, Volcano, Pino Grove
and Oleta. lone City is tho metropolis
of tho valloy section, a thriving town
of 1000 inhabitants.
The community is law-abldlner. Edu
cational facilities aro excellent. A
rchoolhouse is within easy reach of
nearly every family. Thoro Is ono high
school, located at lone.
The assessment roll for 11)07 lsss.
800,793, and the tax rate for both state
and county purposes $2 on tho $100.
The Southern l'aclflo has a branch
railroad running to lone. From this
point tho lono and Eastern ruilroud ex
tends 14 miles furlhor to the raining
eeotion.
Thß various religious denominations
and fraternal organizations aro well
represented.
The power plant of the Standard
Electric Co— one of the largoit In the
world— lslocuted four miles from Jack
ton.
GLOBE SIGHTS.
We all get fooled lv time.
Kveryooe bntes the "I am" nmti.
A theory works all right until yon
How much people [enjoy their
The largest part of some people la
the ffiabbone. '•
You cannot alford to have things
given to you.
We like warm weather.. Hut ll'n
easily overdone.
We linvo yet to liniir a barber speak
well of a safety razor.
One of tbe funniest things In this
world ib a man hater.
Men are always wondering how
women keep their hair up,
Do some people ever talk about
anything but the weather.
When you are eating unfairly, you
are making enemies rapidly.
A man is always expented to speak
well of women and religion.
tivery man who works at all, works
too bard to fool his money away.
While a man Is watching bia ene
mies, liib friends get away with him.
What has become of tbe old-fash
ioned man who used to use musky
To want your own way is a very
had habit, for you will never get it.
There la a sort ot person you bate,
and there is no use trying to tolerate
him.
Every woman likes to hear a , man
talk about bis kin until she marries
him.
You are very lucky if you can send
a bill to a man without making him
mad.
After all, tbere is nothing quite so
funny as an amateur wearing a uni
form.
There are very few sisters of limit
ed means who do not pool their
clothes.
Every owner of an automobile is
disposed to fib when asked about his
repair bill. " •
When the girls want to loaf around
the drygoods stores, they call for
plaid sowing silk.
The people in town these days are
so full of opinions that it is bard to
get any news.
A woman la alwaya tolling of bets
she won from ber husband, and which
he will not pay.
The man who is best contented in
life is tbe one who saves bis enthus
iasm for himself.
Every man you "hear something"
about, bas probably "beard some
thing" about you.
What bas become of tbe old-fash
ioned man who referred to the sheriff
as "tbe high sheriff?"
Iv spite of tbe trightul manner, in
which tbey are imposed upon, women
live longer than men.
It is tbe disposition of moat people,
when tbey get anyone's friendship,
to draw on it at sight.
We haven't much respect for a wo
man whose greatest ambition is to
control a ben-peoked man.
When a man is rushed with work,
be spends bis time trying to hire a
man instead of working himself.
No man can paint a sign on a fuuee
in such a way "that a boy oatinot
change it to read something else.'
Every man 'has hie worthless days,
but it be ,does not fight them, every
day will become his worthless duy.
A woman who isn't patient when
ber husband gets mad, would make a
Ure hotter when tbe kettle boils over.
2; A woman who will tell a friend she
looks whII in an unbecoming hat will
talk about her friends behind their
backs.
Sunday is that day in tbe week
when a man finds out in fcwhut spot
his wife intends to sweep next, and
sits there.
When a woman does it at borne she
calls it tbe "wash," but wben she
sends it down town, she calls it the
"laundry."
Wben a newspaper makes a notice
that a man is singing in a choir, balf
tbe people who read it say: . "Hub,
be can't sing.
Wben a woman goes down town to
buy a little soap, and a few things
for the kitchen, she doesn't oall that
"shopping."
A man is worthless as soon be be
gins to tbink more of what people are
thinking of him than of what be is
doing.
We are thankful every time we see
a fashion plate, that with all tbeir
trying, men aud women cannot make
themselves look like one.
Tbe fact that you had lots of good
times wben you were young, is a poor
umbrella to proteot you from tbe
storms wbeu you are old.
In every bouse where tho girls are
under sixteen, or past tweuty-six,
the parlors are unoooupied except tor
church socials or funerals.
A woman who sleeps until noon
every day, aud'eats liberally, says,
"1 am gettiug fat. What can Ido to
get thin?" First thing, quit that.
It wukes no dltfeieuoe how poor a
mau's memory, he can usually reutill
the exact words of bis printed com
plimeutß, iuoludiug the puuetuution.
Wben a gossip llnds people are not
shookod wbeu she says that v man
drinks terilbly, nho lowers her voice
and. Httya, mysteriously, "Aud lie
takes drugs."
FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1008.
NOTICE TO VOTERS.
Nottco In hereby given to the eleotor* of the
State of California that the following Acts will
be Rubmttted to the people of the State of Cali
fornia for tholr ratification at the next gonaral
election tobe.holden on the third day of No
vember, A. D. 190S, to wit:
BENATE BILL NO. 481.
Pawed tho Benato February S3, A D. 1907.
Lewis lllltxirn. Secretary of the Senate
Passed Itho Assembly. March (1, A U. 1907.
Clio Moyd. Chief Clerk of the AssnmMy.
This Hill wan received by tho Governor, thm
Bth day of March, A. D, 1907, at li o'clock tn
K. 0. Cooper, l'rlvate Secretary of the Uover
nor,
Chapter 4'JJ.' An Act to provide for tho Issu
ance and Hiiln of state bonds to create a fund
for the const ruction by tho boitrd of state
Imrbor commissioner* of wharves, piers, sea
wall, Rtatornllroad, spurs and appurtonanoes
In the city and county of Ban Francisco; to
. create a sinking fund for tho payment of said
bonds; and providing for tlm submission of
this act to a voto of the ppople.l
The people of tho Blate of California, ropre
scntod In senate and assembly, do enact as
follows:
Bkction 1, For tho purpose of providing a
fund for tin' payment of tlm Indebtedness here
by authorized to be Incurred by tho ,bnnrd of
state harbor commissioners for the erection of
wharves, piers, seawall, stain railroad, spurs
and appurtenances tn the city and county of
Hun Francisco, at a cost not to exceed two
million dollars (which said wharves, piers, sou
wall, stato railroad, spurs nnd aijpurtonancos
the hoard of Htato harbor commissioners lire
hereby empowered to construct In the maniior
authorized by law, and at it cost not to oxceed
said two million dollars), tho state treasurer
shall Immediately after tho Issuance of the
proclamation Jof the governor, provldod for In
section Id hereof, propi.ro two thousand suit
able bonds ot tho State of California, In the de
nomination of one thousand dollars each. The
whole Issue of said bonds shall not exceed the
sum of two million dollars, and said bonds
shall bear Interest at the rale of four per
centum per annum, from thetlmeof said sale
thoroof, and both principal and Intorest shall
be payable in gold coin of tho present standard
value, nnd they shall be payable at the office
of the state treasurer, at tho expiration of
nineteen years from their data, subject, how
over, to redemption by lot as In this act herein
after provided. Said bonds shall benr date the
second day of January, A. D nineteen hundred
and nine, and shall bo made payable on the
second day of January, A. D. nineteen hundred
and |tweDty-olght. The Interest accruing on
such of said bonds as are sold, shall be due and
payable at the ofneo of tho state treasurer on
tbe second day of January, and on tho second
day of July, of oacb year after the sale of the
same; provided that the Hrst payment of In
terest shall bo made on the second day o' Jan
uary, A. D. nineteen hundred and ten, on so
many ot said bonds as may havo been thereto
fore sold. At the expiration of nlnpteon yoarß
from thedatoof said bonds, all bonds sold shall
cease to boar Intorest, and likewise all bonds
rcdeoraed by lot shall cease to boar Interest as
In this act provided, and the said state treas
urer shall call In, forthwith pay nnd cancel the
same, out of the moneys In the second San
Francisco seawall sinking fund provided for in
this act, and he Jshall, on tho first Monday of
January, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight,
also cancel and destroy all bonds not thereto
fore sold. All bonds Issued shall be signed by
tho governor, and countersigned by the control
ler, and shall ,bo endorsed by the stato treas
urer, and eacn shall have tho seal of the state
stamped thereon. Each bond shall contain a
clause that it is subject to redemption by lot
after the year nineteen hundred and eighteen.
Sec. 2 Intorost coupons shall be attached to
each of said bonds, so that such coupons may
be removed without Injury to or mutilation of
tbe bond. Said coupons shall be consecutively
numbered, and shall be signed by the stato
treasurer, But no interest on any of said bonds
shall be paid for any time which may intervene
between the date of any of said bonds and the
issue and sale thereof to a purchaser.
Skc. 3, The sum of one thousand dollars is,
hereby appropriated to pay the expense that
may bo Incurred by the state treasurer in hav
ing said bonds prepared. ■ Said amount shall be
paid out of the San Francisco harbor Improve
ment fund on controller's warrants, duly drawn
for that purpose.
Sec. 4. When the bonds authorized to bo Is
sued nailer this act shall bo duly executed,
thoy shall be by the state treasurer sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
in such parcels and numbers as said treasurer
shall be directed by the governor of the state,
under the seal thereof, after a resolution re
questing such sale shall have been adopted by
the board of state harbor commissioners; but
said treasurer must reject any and all bids for
said bonds, tor for any of them, which shall be
below the par vuluefof .said bonds so offered;
and ho may, by public announcement at tho
time dxed for the sale, continue such sale, us
to the whole of tbe bonds offered, or any part
thereof offered, to such time and placo us he
may select. Duo notice or the time and place
of sale of all bonds must bo given by said treas
urer by {publication In two newspapers pub
lished in the city and county of San Francisco,
and also by publication In one Lewspaper pub
lished in the city of Oakland, and by publica
tion la one newspapor published In tho city of
Los Angeles, ana by publication In one news
paper published in the city of Sacramento. once
a week during four weeks prior to such sulo.
Tho costs of such publication shall be paid out
of the San Francisco harbor Improvement fund,
on controller's wurrants duly drawn for that
purpose. The proceeds of the sale of such bonds
shall be forthwith paid over by said treasurer
into the treasury, and must be by him kopt In
a separate fund, to be known and designated us
the ■■Second Sun Francisco Seawall Fund" and
must be used exclusively for the construction
of wharves, piers, seawall, stato railroad, spurs
and appurtenances thereto on the waterfront
of tbe city and county of San Francisco. Drafts
and warrants uronsuld fund shall bo drawn
upon and shall be paid out of said fund in the
same manner as drafts und wurrunts are druwn
upon -md paid out ot the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund.
Sec. 5. For tbe payment of the principal and
interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to be
known and designated as the " Second San
Fruncisco Seawall Sinking Fund" shall be, und
the same is hereby created, as follows, to wit:
'■The state treasurer shall, on the first day of
each and every month after the sale of said
bonds, take from the San Fruncisco harbor Im
provement fund such sum as, multiplied by the
time the bonds then sold and outstanding huvo
to run, will equal tbe principal of the bonds
sold und outstanding at the time said treusurer
shall so tukc said sum from said S;ui Fruncisco
harbor improvement fund, .'less tbe amount
theretofore tuken therefrom for sjild purpose;
and he shall place the sum In tho second Sun
Fruncisco seawall sinking fund created by this
act. Said state treusuror shall, on controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose, employ
tho moneys lnsuld sinking fund in tho purchase
of- bonds of tbe United State, or of tho State of
California, or of tbe several counties or munici
palities of tbe State of California, which said
bonds shall be kept In v proper receptlcle, ap
propriately labeled; but ho must Ueepulwuys
on hand a sufficient amount of money in said
Mlnklug fund with which to pay the interest on
such of tbe state bonds herein provided to be
Issued as may havo theretofore been sold. And
to provide means for the payment of interest
on tbe bonds tbut may be sold and outstanding,
said treasurer shall monthly take from tbo San
Fruncisco harbor improvement fund, and pay
Into said suuwull sinking fund, un amount
equal to the monthly Interest then due on all
bonds then sold, delivered und outstanding
The board of state harbor commissioners are
heroby authorized and directed by tbe collec
tion of dockugo, tolls, rents, wburfuge uud
cranage to collect a sum of money sulticiunt for
the purposes of this uct, over uud above tbe
amount limited by section two thousand five
hundred and twenty-six of the Political Code of
tbe State of California. Hetween the first und
tenth day of November, In the year nineteen
hundred und eighteen, und between thutlrst und
tenth day of November of each year thereafter
until the maturity of said bonds, tbe suld
treasurer shall. In the presence of tbegovernor,
proceed to draw by lot such uu amount of bonds
un shall be requisite to exhaust us nourly us
may bo the umount In said sinking fund ut Unit
time, und shall thereupon und before the tenth
day of December following, give notice by pub
llu advertisement to be Inserted twice a week
for two wuokM In two newspapers published' In
tbe city and county of Sun Fruncisco, and also
in one newspaper published tn tho city of oak
laud, und ulso In one newspaper published In
the city of l.os Angeles, and also in ono news
paper published in the city of Nuoiiimento,
itutlng tho number of bonds so druwn, and that
the principal of suld bouda will bo paid ou pro-
Kcntallnn to the treasurer ou or before tbe
second day of January following, und that from
and utter such lust named dale all Interest
upon bonds thusdruwusbull cease, and It shall
bo tho duty of the treusurer us soon us suld
bonds so druwn by lot vie Mirrcmlerod to him
uud paid to uuueel tbe Name, uod the interns t
coupons thereon, und each year, bugiuuini; with
tho yeur uluoteeu hundred uud eighteen, the
suid treasurer shall, In the uiunuor uforesuld
proceed to druw by lot such uu umount of bonds
us shall be requisite tv exliansi us nearly us
may be the amount in suld Kinking fund, uud
proceed in the manner herein übovu stated.
Aftur the payment of ull of suld bonds, the sur
plus or balance remaining iv suld sinking fuuU,
JJ »ny thnrfl he. Khali forthwith be p»l<1 Into tbe
nan fmnclsco tmrbor Improvement fund. At
tnotlmnof the respoctivn riiMwlniri l>y lot, us
JforjuMd, Mil nifto m the maturity of n»ld utato
fwifls. ftalrl tro»*mrer shull nell tha United
BtatM or other bond* thon InsnW slnUlnw fnnil,
•'• RovcrDlnfl market rnte*. after RdtertUlOß
*n« gMi thurnof In tho manner herelnbflforo
provtiißd for the naloof honds hereby authorized
lo no l«mue<l, nnd shall use the proflnedn for the
paymont of mich bond*) us may tin drawn by lot,
onn at the maturity of sulfl hbnd*i outstanding
Jnal I pa y nnd rednomsald matured outstanding
bonds out :of said moneys In said fund In ex
itnKulshmfint of suld bond* on controller's war
rants duly drawn for thnt purpose.
BKj, i). Tho state controller and the state
treasurer shall keep full and particular account
»"<t record of all their proceedings under vhls
i»<h. rind they shall trannmlt to the (*OTertior an
anstmct 'ot all such proceedings thereunder.
*lth an annual report, to bn by the governor
jalil brroro the legislature biennially; »nd all
o'xmih and papers portnlntnß to tho matter pro
viilful for In this act shall nt all times be open
to tho Inspection of any party Interested, or the
f»vnrnor, or the attorney general, or a commit-
J«e of either branch of the legislature, or a
Joint committee of botb, or any citizen of tho
Btutn.
880, 7. It shall bo tha duty of the stato
treasurer to pay the Interest of said bonds,
when the same falls duo, out of the sinking
fund provided for In this act, on controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose.
SMJi H. This act, IT adopted by the people,
siibll take effect on thn thlrty-llrst day of Do*
Oeraber, A. U. nineteen hundred and eight, as to
all Its previsions oxcupt tho»n relating to and
rwccsHnry for Its submlaflion to tho people, nnd
for returning, canvassing and proclaiming the
voteH, und as to snld exceptcil provision* this
act shall take clToct Immediately.
880, a. This aut shall he submitted to the
people of the Stato of Uiklltornia for tholr ratifi
cation in the next gonnral election, to ho holdcn
In th« month of Novotnbor. A. 1). nineteen bun
"In 1 1 and eight, and all ballots at said election
shall have printed thereon and at theendthore
of. Ih« words, "For the San fc'ronclHco Seawall
Aut," miii |q a Kcparnte lino under the samo
winls " Against tho San Francisco Soawall
Act," und opposite said linos thero shall bo
left spaces in whlcb the voter may mako or
stump a cross to indicate whether thoy vote for
or H::;iiiint the said uct.nnd thoso voting forsald
act shull do ho by placing a cross opposite the
words 'For tho San Francisco Seawall Aot,"
ami ail thoso voting against the said aot shall
d" so by placing a cross opposite the words
''Against tho San Froncisco Seawall Aot." Tho
governor of this stato Hhall include tho submis
sion of this act to tho people, as aforesaid. In
bis proclamation calling for said general elec
tion
sue. 10. Tho votes cast for or against this
act shall be counted, returned and *canvassod
and declared in tho same manner and subject
to the same rulos as votes cast for state offi
cers; und if it appear that said act shall have
received a majority of all the votes cast for and
ai'ulust it at said election, as aforesaid, then
the same Hhall have effect as hereinbefore pro
vided, and shall bo irropcalablo until tho prin
cipal and Interest of tbe nubilities herein cre
ated shall be paid and discharged, and tbe gov
ernor shall mahe proclamation thereof; but if a
majority lot tbo votes cast as aforesaid are
against this bet thon tho samo shall bo and be
come void.
Skc ii. it shall bo the duty of tho socretary
of state to havo this act published In at Umsi
one newspaper iv each county, or city and
county, If ono be published therein, for three
months next proocdlng the general election to
be holdiiu in mio mouth of November, A D. nine
teen hundred und eight, tho costs of publlca
tion shall bo paid out of the San Francltico hur
bar Improvement fund, on controller's warrants
duly drawn for that purpose.
Sec. 12. This act may bo known and cited as
the • Second San Francisco -Seawall Act."
Skc. 13. All acts and parts of acts in con
flict with the provisions of this act ure hereby
repealed.
\V. R. Porteh,
President of tho Senate.
It, It. IIKAHDKI.KK,
Speaker of the Assembly.
Approved March 21st, A. D. 11107
J. N. Gili.btt, Govornor.
Endorsed: Filed In the office of the Secretary
of iStuto, the 21st day of March. A. O. 10117. C.
I'., Curry, Secretary of Stato. By J Hoesch,
Deputy,
SENATE BILL NO. 812.
Passed tho Senate, February 28, A. D. 1907.
Lewis A. Hilborn, Secretary of the Senate.
Passed the Assembly. March 0, A. D. 1007.
Clio Lloyd, Chief Clerk ot tho Assembly.
This Hill was received by the Governor, this
12th day of March, A. D. 1907, ut 10 o'clock a m
X, C. Cooper, Privato Secretary of the Governor
Chapter 431. An uct to provide for tho issu
ance and sale of state ;bonds to create a fund
for the acquisition by the board of state har
bor commissioners of a necessary urea for a
tidal basin for wharves, piers, baroors and
appurtenances In the city aud county of Sun
Francisco; to create a sinking fund for the
payment of said bonds; und defining tbe du
ties ot state olllcers in relation thereto; mak
ing an appropriation of one thousand dollars
for the expense of printing suld bonds; ami
providing for tbe submlssiou of this uct to v
vote of the people.
(As amended at Extra Session by Senate BUI
No. 7.)
SENATE BILL NO. 7.
Passed the Senuto November 20, A D 1907.
Lewis A. Hilboru, Secretary of the Sonute.
Passed the Assembly, November 22. A. D.
1907. Clio Lloyd, Chief Clerk of the Assembly.
This 11111 was received by the Governor, this
23rd day of November. A. D 1907, at 11 o'clock
a. m K. C. Cooper, Private Secretary of the
Governor.
Chapteu 4. An act to amend section flvo of
the act entitled "An act to provide for the
issuance and sule of stute bonds : to create v
fund for the acquisition by the board of stute
harbor commissioners of a necessary urea for
a tidal basin for wharves, piers, harbors nnd
appurtenances in the city und county of San
Frunolsco; to create a sinking fund for the
payment of said bonds; and defining the du
tleu of state officers in relation thereto; mak
ing an appropriation of ono thousand dollars
for the expense of printing said bonds; and
providing for the submission of this uct to v
vote ot tbe people," approved March 41, 1907,
relating to the redemption of such bonds and
creating a sinking fund for such purpose, und
adding v now section to suid act to bo num
bered section 1(1'/.. relating to the publication
of suld uct, and providing for the paymeutof
the cost of publication of the same.
Phe people of the State of California, repre
sented in senate und assembly, do enact us
follows:
Suction 1 For tbe purpose of providing a
fund for tbe payment of the indebtedness auth
orized to bo incurred by the board of state har
bor commissioners for tbe acquisition ot the
necessary areu for v tidal basin 'extending the
ureuoflndiu basin on the wuter front of tho
city und county of Sun Francisco, us provided in
un uct entitled "An uct to authorize uud direct
the bourd of stute harbor commissioners to in
stitute condemnation proceedings ugulust cer
tain property north of India basin, and extend
ing tv Isluls creek in the city und county of Sun
Francisco, und extending their jurisdiction
ov.-r the same, und providing for tbe payment
ef judgments from tho proceeds of bonds Issued
und sold under tho provisions of un uct entitled
"An uct to provide for the lssuunce und salo of
state bonds to create v fund for tho acquisition
by the bourd of state harbor commissioners of v
necessary urea for a tidal busin for wburves,
piers, harbors, and uppurtenunces in the city
uud county' of Sun Francisco; lo creute v sink
ing fuud for the payment of suid bonds; und de
tlning the duties of stato olllcers in relation
thereto; muking un appropriation of tI.tXKJ for
tho expense of printing suld bonds; and pro
viding for the submission of this act to v vote
ot the people," the stute treasurer shall, lmmo
diutely utter the issuance of the proclamation
by the governor, provided for In section 10 here
or, prepureone thousand suitable bouds of tho
State of California, in the denomination otono
thousand dollars each. The whole issue of suld
bonds shull not exceed tho sum of ono million
dollars, and suld bonds shull bear Interest ut
the rate ot four per centum per annum, from the
time of tho sule thereof, uud both principal und
Interest shall be puyuble in gold coin of the
present standard value und they sbull be puy
uble ut tbe oillei'of the slate treasurer at the
expiration of nineteen years from their dute,
subject, however, to redemption by lot us in
this uct hereinafter provided Suld bonds sbnll
beurdute the second duy of January, nineteen
huudred and nine, und shull be niudo
payable on the second day of January, nineteen
hundred and twenty-eight, A. U. Tbe Interest
accruing on such of said lionds an ure said shall
be due uud puyuble ut the ottlcc of the stute
treusurer on the second duy ot January, and on
the second day of July, of eucb yeur after the
sule of the samo: provided, that tho first pay
ment of Interest shull be mude ou tbe second
duy of January, A . D. nineteen hundred und
ten, on so uiiiny of said bonds un huvo been
theretofore sold. At tlm explrutlou of nineteen
years from the dute of sutd bonds, ull bonds
sold shull oeuse to hour Interest, und likewise
ull bouds redeemed by lot shall cease to hear
interest us lv this act provided, uud the sahl
state treusurer shall cull in, forthwith puy und
uuueel the sumo, out of the moneys iv the ludlu
buslu sinking fuud provided for in this act,
uud he shall ou the tlrst Monday of January.
ulneteen hundred uud twentyelgk', ulso cancel
uii'i destroy ull bunds not theretofore sold. All
bonds Issued shall be signed by tbe governor.
uud countersigned by the controller, and shall
be endorsed by the state treasurer, and each
shall have the seal of tbe state stamped there
on. Kach bond shall contain a clause that It
Is subject to redemption by lot after jthn year
nineteen hundred atid eighteen.
Brc. *. Interest coupons shall be attached to
each of said bonds, so that such coupons may
be removed without Intury to or mutilation of
tho bond. Said coupons shall Ixt consecutively
numbered, and shall be signed by the state
treasurer. Hut no Interest on any of said bond*
shall be paid for any lime which may Intervene
between the date of any of said bonds and the
Issue and sale thereof to a purchaser.
Sro. 3. The sum of one thousand dollars Is
hgreby appropriated to pay the expense that
may tin Incurred by the state treasurer In hav
ing said bonds prepared. Raid amount shall
lie paid out of the San Francisco harbor 1m
provement fund on controller's warrants, duly
drawn for that purpose.
Hue. 4 When the bonds authorized lobe Is
sued under this act shall be duly executed,
they shall bo by the stato treasurer sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
in such parcels and numbers as said treasurer
shall he directed by the governor of tbe state,
under seal thereof, after a resolution request-
Ing such sale shall have been adopted by tho
board of state harbor commissioners; but said
treasurer must reject any and all bids for said
bonds, or for any of them, which shall be below
the par value of said bonds ho offered; and he
may by public announcement at the place and
tlmo llxnd for the sain, continue such sale, as
to the whole of the bonds offorcd, or any part
thereof offered, to such time and placo as he
may select. Due notice of tlm tlmo and placo
of salo of all bonds must be given by said
treasurer by publication In two newspapers
published in the city nnd county of San Fran
cisco, and alr.o by publication In one newspaper
published In the city of Oakland, and by pub
lication In one newspaper published In the city
of Los Angoles, and by publication in ono
newspaper publised in the city of Sacramento,
oi>co a week |for four wooks prior to such sale.
The costs of suoh publication shall ho paid out
of the San Francisco harbor Improvement fund,
on controller's wurrants duly drawn for that
purpose. Tho proceeds of the salo of such
bonds shall be forthwith puld over by said
treasurer into tbe treasury, and must be by him
kopt in a separate fund to be known and desig
nated as tho "India llusln Fund." and must be
used exclusively for (the acquisition area des
cribed In the act referred to In section I hereof.
Drafts and wurrunts upon said fund shall bo
drawn upon and shall be paid out of said fund
In tho same manner us drafts and wurrants are
drawn upon and paid out or tho San Francisco
harbor improvement fund.
Sec. 5. For tbo payment of the principal and
Interest of said bonds t a sinking fund, to he
known and designated us the "India Huslu
Sinking Fund," shall be, und the sumo Is here
by created, us follows, to wit: Tho state treas
urtr shall, on the first day of each and every
month after tho sale of said bonds, take from
the San Francisco harbor Improvement fund
such sum us, 'multiplied by tbo the tlmo tho
bonds then sold and outstanding have to run
wilt equal the principal of the howls sold and
outstanding at tho tlmo said treasurer shall so
take said sum from said San Fruncisco harbor
Improvement fund, less tbe amount theretofore
tuken therefrom for said purpose; and ho shall
place tbe sum In the India basin sinking fund
creuted by this act. Said state treasurer shall,
on controller's warrants duly drawn lor that
purpose, employ the moneys in said sinking
fund In the purchase ot bouds of the United
Stutes. orof the Stute of California, or of the
several counties or municipalities of the State
ot California, wbicn said bonds shall be kept In
a proper receptacle appropriately labeled; but
he must keep always on hand a sufficient
amount of n.oney in suld sinking fund with
which to pay the Interest on such of the state
bonds heroin provided to be issued us may have
theretofore been sold. And to provide moans
for the payment of Interest on the bonds that
may be sold and outstanding, said treasurer
shall monthly take from the Sun Francisco har
bor improvement fund, and pay Into tho said In
dia basin sinking fund, an umount equal to tbe
monthly Interest then due on all bonds then
sold, delivered and outstanding. Tbe board of
state harbor commissioners are hereby author
ized and directed by the collection ot dockago
tolls, rents, wharfage and cranage, to collect
a sum of money sufficient for the purposes of
tn Is act, over und übovo tlie tunoutit limited
by section Iwo thousand flvo hundred nni
twenty-six of the Political Code of the Slate
of ','alifornlii. Between the first nnd tenth
clay ol November, in tho year nineteen hun
dred, und eighteen, and between tho first and
tenth day or November of each year there
after until the maturity of said bonds thesnld
licusurer shall, in the p.esenee el the gover
nor, proceed to draw by lots sueli an amount
of bonds us shall he requisite to exhaust as
nearly us may be the amount In said sinking
fund at thut tlmo, und shall thereupon and
before the tenth day of December following,
give notice by public advertisement lo be In
serted in two newspapers published In the
city and cottntyefSun Francisco, and also in
one newspaper published in the city ofOak
liincl, and ulso In one newspaper published
In (he city of Los Angeles, and ulso In ono
newspaper pudllnhcdtiie city of Sacramento,
staling Hie number of bonds so druwn, and
that Hie principal of of snld bouds Will bo
puld on presentation to the treasurer on or
before the second duy of January, following,
und thut from nnd nfler such lust named
date ull interest upon bonds thus drawn shall
cense, nnd It shall bo the duty of the treas
urer us soon as wild bonds so drawn by lota ">
surrendered to nitn and paid, t to cancel t'.o
same, and the Interest coupons thereon, and
cacti yeur, beginning with the year nineteen
hundred and eighteen, the said treasurer
Hluill, In the manner aforesaid, proceed to
draw by lot .such, mi amount or bonds as shall
bo requisite to exhaust us nearly an maybe
the amount in suld sinking fund, and pro
ceed In the in vnnnr liereiiiubuvt! staled, After
the payment of ull suid bonds, the surplus
or balunce remaining In said sinking fund, If
liny there hr*.jslisill forthwith be paid Into the
Sun Krunciseo linrborimprovcment fund. At
tho time of the respective drawings by lot, as
aforesaid, und ulso ut the maturity of suld
stute bonds, said treasurer shull sell the
United States or other bonds then in gald
sinking fund, at governing market rates, after
advertising ;thn sale thereof in the manner
hereinbefore piovided for the sale of bonds
hereby authorized to be issued, nnd shall use
thy proceeds for, the payment of such bonds
in may be drawn by lot, und at tiie maturity
of suid bonds outstanding shull puy und re
deem said mutured outstanding bonds out of
suld moneys in suld fund In extinguishment
of suld bonds on controller's wurrunts duly
drawn for that purpose."— Amendment up
pruved November IM, A. D. 11)07.
SEO. «. The state controller aud state treas
urer shall koep full and particular account and
record of all their proceedinga under tills act,
and they shall transmit to the governor un ab
stract ol all such proceedings thereunder, with
an annual report, to bo by tho governor luid be
fore the legislature biennially; and ull books
and;papers pertuinlng to tho mutter provided
for In this uct sbnll |at all times bo open to tho
Inspection of any party Interested, or tho gover
nor, or tho attornoy general, tor a lonimlltooof
either brunch of tlm legislature, or a joint com
mittee of both, or any citizen of the state.
b'KO. 7. It shall bo the duty of the state troas
urer to pay the Interest ot said bonds, when tho
samo falls duo, out ot tho sinking fund provid
ed for In this act, on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose.
SB!. 8. This act, if adopted by the people,
shbll take effect on the thirty-first day of Decem
ber, A..D. nineteen hundred uud eight, us to ull
Its provisions except those relating to and linens-
Hury tor Us submission to the people, and for
returning, canvassing, and proclaiming the
votes, and as to said exeepted provisions this act
shull take effect immediately.
skc. I). Tills act Hluill bo submitted to tho peo
ple ot tho stato of California for their ratification
ut tho next generall elocllon to beholden in tho
mouth of November, A. D. nineteen hundred aud
eight, und all ballots at suld election shall huvo
printed thereon, und at tbe end tin-rent, the
words, "For the India llusln Act," and In a sep
arate line under the Hume words "Against the
ludlu liusln Act." undoppimltit|Muld lines there
shall be left spaces in which the voters may
miikn or stamp a cross to ludlcato whether they
vote for or uguinst tbe suld act. und those voting
tor'sald act shall do so by placing a crass opposite
words "For tlto India liashi Act," aud all those
voting against, the said uct shall do so by placing
a cross opposite tho words "Against the India
llusln Art." Tho governor of this state shull in
clude the submission ot this uct to the pnopio, as
iiforosuld, In his proclamation culling tor Hald
general election.
ski:. Hi. The votes east for or against this act
shall be counted, returned and canvassed und
declare I In the samo manner and vubjuut to the
same rules us votes east tor state otUcers ; and it
It uppoar that said act shull huvo receive! n
majority of nil the votes east for und against it
ut suld election as aforesaid, then tho Hume
shall Imvo effect us htrelubolore provided, und
hluill lie lrrepealuble until the principal und In
terest of the liabilities heroin created shall lie
paid und discharged, and iho governor hluill
muke pi'iH-lumntlou thereof; but if v majority of
tlm votes cusl us iifurcNuld artt ugiitiisi ihls act
then the suine shall lie und Imeomo void.
BEC. 10W, It shall lie the duly of the secretary
ot niHln to huvo this net published 111 ul least one
newspaper lv oacb i mini v, or elty und county, If
one lie published therein, throughout IhUittutu,
for throe months uoxt preceding the umu-rul
election to be boldeii hi the UK'Uth of November
A. I>. nineteen hundred and eight, UiecoHts ot
publication Miull ;l>e paid out of the Hun Frun
olaoo hui'hnr improvement fund, on controller's
wurrauts duly druwn for that purpoM.," —
Amendment approved November ■*.!, A. D. ISHI7.
Ht<\ 11. This uct limy be kuowu uud cited us
tim "India liiiKln Act."
Rko. 12, All -win anrt fortn of not In •■<.nnict
with th« provision*) of thin act nro hnmby re-
President of' th« RonfttA.
Spflnknr of tho Assembly.
Approred March Slut, A. D. 1907.
). N, (Jii.lett. OoTPrnor.
F.niionwwl : Fll<vl In tho office tho SooretAry of
Rtnto, thn^lHt day of Marrh, A. I). 1907. 0, V.
Curry, H«rr<itnry of fltnut. Ity.f. Hnnftrh, npputy.
(Amrii'lod by Bnnatn Hill No. 7, Chapter 4.
pnsHPil at tho Extra ßnimlon of tho Th lriy-wvcnlU
HfMßioii of tlm I/tglfllaturo.)
w. n. pouter,
Prfinldpnt of tho Bnnnto,
11. In nKARmt.RR,
Rpcakor of tho Assembly,
Approved Norember 21, A. D. liki7.
J. N. <HLt.m, Oovornor.
Enrtornrwl : Fllott In the omoo of tho Horrfitnry
of fitato, the asrrt day of November, A. I). 1(107,
Oi F. Curry, Secretary of Htato. Jy24 lot
MADE FOR SERVICE
IN THE ROUGHEST WEATHER
AND GUARANTEED ABSOLUTELY
■^pVWATERPROOF
SV/KvR POMMEL
SLICKERS
W £//\k Vv\^ This trade mark
(\. K>fl M\ V \ and the word
XCs^iU U \l\\ Tower on the
v« IwVA » ft XP\ buttons distln*
v£aW\\ y^l \ ) qu'sh this hiqh
Y|\ VV \ r 7/ 1) 'grade slicker from
to* > yiy J .the Just as aood
1 UN [LORAL i;i'
Floral Designs, Cut Flowers,
Bouquets.
336 East Weber Avenue,
STOCKTON, CAL. JySft
L. A. DfINNER
Paints Wall Paper
Glass Brushes
Painting & Decorating
15 S. HUNTER STREET
jyiltf STOCKTON. CAL.
PAGIFIGGARPETGLEANINGGo
Kemp & Heffernan, PropV.
Awnings |made to order.
Carpets Cleaned and Refitted.
Upholstering and Mattress Making
330 S. CALIFORNIA STREET]
jyiltf STOCKTON, CAL.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
• Bonzes :
• And Trays •
e All kinds in Stock. *
J special sizes made to J
• order on short notice. •
• Grape Stakes, •
• Redwood Tanks, •
• Windows, Doors, •
• Planing, Sawing and «
• Lumber. Independent. *
j R. F. WILSON, 5
• jy2tf Stockton. Cal. •
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA
Boarding and duy school conducted by the
Sisters of Notre Damc(Namur). Founded
la 1856.
The curloulum embraces all the branches of a
solid English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses In art, language, and music
For further Information address
rnU SISTER SUPERIOR
L. Vogeli, Jeweler
Wo have the most assort-
ed and complete stock of
goods outside of San
Francisco in various
styles of Watches,
Diamonds, Jewelry,
plate Sterling. Silver-
ware, rich American
Cut Glass, Bric-a-
Brac, and Novelties.
If you are in need of any
such goods, please look mine
over first. Prices are all as low
as can consistently be made.
A ONE PRICE STORE.
Foot of Main St., Jackson
Receipt books, location blanks, deeds
mortgages, promissory uotes, etc
for Bale; ulso milling eiguals ou
olotb, graduation diplomas, at tbo
Ledger oitioe
34
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
SHENANDOAH VALLEY.
Aug li].— Mr and Mra Kobt. lirown
returned last Saturday from a few
weeks' visit to tbeir daughters, Mrs
F. M. Norrla ot Oakland, anil Mrs W.
K. Loree, of bong llonah.
Mrs Mary Btlllwaggon of Alameda,
Is the gueat of Mra J. J. Davis of the
valley.
Mr mid Mrs Kobert Carter of
Aukum, who were married a few
weeks ago in Sacramento, are house
keeping in O. E. llarreirs home dur
ing tho absence of tbe llarrells on
tbe thresher.
(Jeorge Kretober and family, and
Miss Alva Hell are attending thn
grand convention of the bop pickers
iv the lower valleys.
Mrs J. A. Cram and children ot
l*'airplay, ore spending the week with
relatives iv tbe valley. Mr Craln wan
here Sunday, but returned to Fair
play that evening.
Miss Mabel Wilson of Lodi, will
teach tbe Williams school next term.
The weather keepd to the promise
of reform, and the kicker is tem
porarily out of his element. Even
the water supply seems to be gaining
slightly this week.
Fruit picking and drying are in full
swing and make the orchards very
busy scenes. Sban.
JACKSON VALILIKY.
Aug. 12— Mr and Mrs Sam Kldd
spent Sunday with relatives in Julian
district.
Mrs Jjeary and granddaughter,
Uoniovo llarlau, j.aro friends
in the valley.
Mr and Mrs Jack Dufrene have
gone to the mountains for a few
weeks.
E. J. Diebold is the proud owner
of a new driving horse. >
Clemons liryunt and Vern Hawkins
left Friday for tbe mountains on a
pleasure trip.
Mr ISoulmm made a flying trip to
Gait last week.
Arthur Uiirris is home for a few
days' visit. He has been working in
Sacramento as street car conductor
for some time.
Misses Eva and Hester Sutlitf have
gone to Oakdale to spend their vaca
tion.
James Cook, who hns been on the
sick list, ia now on the improve.
Misses Elleu, Inez and George lion
ham spent Monday with their aunt,
Mrs (Jobhardt, at Mt. Eobo.  ■■
"I suffered habitually from consti
pation. Doan's tfegulets relieved
and strengthened the bowels, so that
they have, beeu regular ever since."
— A. E. Davis, grocer, Sulphur
Springs, Tex.
lONE.
Aug. 13. — Miss Helen Prouty re
turned from Oakland last evening,
where she has been spending the past
few weeks, visiting frionds.
Mrs W. C. Fithian and little nieoe,
Doris Dwyer, were passengers for
Oakland this morning.
Harry Stewart und family left last
Sunday for a few weeks' stay at
l'acillc Grove.
Eugene Sutherland, who has been
ailing for some timo, died Monday.
The funeral will take place tomorrow
at 2 p. m.
X'be social given at the Methodist
church Tuesday evening was con
sidered a success by all who attended.
Various games ' were indulged in,
after which refreshments of ice cream
and cake were served.
Mr and Mrs M. Turpen and little
daughter, Gertrude, are visiting the
J. Al. Gregory family.
Isabel Cumptiell and Elsie Martin
are spending their vacation with Miss
Clyde Watrous of San Francisco.
Mrs Ira Cooley passed away last
night at her home on I'roaton Avenue.
Mrs llavorstick aud daughter, Mrs
(j Ilium, left this morning for Carmel,
where they will visit relatives and
friends.
Ciaieace Carpenter departed for
Berkeley this morning, where he in
tends taking a course at the Univer
sity.
Mrs M. K. Zeihn and little son, re
turned Sunday from their visit at
Koseville.
Miss Helen Clark, who has beeu
the guest of Miss Florence Gordon,
returned to. her home Sunday. . '.
■.■. ■ . ■ ..' loneite. 
State of Ohio, City of Toledo.
Lucas County.
Frank J. Cheney makes oath that hoi*
senior partner of the firm of F. J<
Cheney & Co; doing business in the city
of Toledo, county and state aforesaid,
and that said firm will pay the sum of
One Hundred Dollars for each and
every case of Cuturrh that cannot be
cured by the use of Hall's Cataiyh
Cure.
Frank J. Cheney.
Sworn to before mo und subscribed in
my presence, thisOth kay of December
A. D. 1880.
A. W. Cleason.
Notary I'ublie.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken intern
ally, and acts directly on tbe blood and
mucus surfaces of tho system.
Soikl for testimonials free.
P. J. Cheney & Co; Toledo, Ohio.
Sold by all di'U^irs'B, 75 cents.
Take Hall's Family Fills for consti
pation-.
HUlTtilt CKEUK.
Aug. in— Mrs Perfumo end Pechetti,
Mrs Harris, John Perfumn, were sum
moned to Volcano ou account of tbe
death of their brother and uncle,
Oasparo (Jbllien, nged <il, tbe '2<l lust.
Lawrence Soracoo, Dick Uroh, and
many other trom here attended the
funeral in Volaauo Tuesday ofter
noon.
Mrs Wi|l Ketr of Angels, ia the
guest of her mother And sister, Mrs
Major Lißthlean and diiughtor.
till ISalnfl, came up fioni ttanra
monto SatuVddy, for an iudetltnte
visit with the home folks.
Frank Johnson and family, Neil
Wllllnmson, Miss I'Jmma Waeobtcr
and Miss Frances Vicini, returned
Thursday, the Gth inst., from several
weeks' camping trip to Hour river.
Neil Williamson left Tuesday morn
ing for his homo In San Fraucisoo.
Li. Lagornarslno and wife went to
the bay city Thursday. Upou their
return, Mrs .Lagomarsino will bring a
new stock of winter^milllnery.
Mra Edward Jones left Thursday
moruing 'on route to Pnoillo (Jrove,
where she will attend the annual M.
E. conference, which convenes 'n
September, aud will also visit re
latives in Crockett and Oakland cry
her return. *
On Wednesday, tbe 12th inst., at
early morn the marringe of Mrs
Martina Watkins of Sutter, and lialph
Miller of Nevada, was solemnized at
tbe residence of the bride's purents
tbo Kuv. Father Azevado officiating.
The wedding was a quiet one, being
witnessed by relatives. Mr and Mrs
Miller .left immediately, taking the
train en route to their future home
Miller, Nev. Ibe bride was reared
in Sutter Creek being well known,
having many qualities to endear her
to her associates and .friends. The
groom is the son of John Miller of
PJymonth, and reared from boyhood
in this county, and is also well
known as a progressive and reliable
young man. They, have legions of
friends who wish them much happi
ness and prosperity in their wedded
lives.
Mrs Charles Johnson and daughter,
Norine,lett Sunday morning en route
to Seven Troughs, Nev., to visit her
husband and relatives, and will re
main indefinitely.
Mrs Charles Bacon and daughter,
Mrs Geo. .Fraser and family, left
Sunday for Goldtleid, Nev., to join
tbeir husbands, who aie employed in
tbe mines at that place. Mrs Fraser
will visit relatives in Sacramento for
an indefinite timo, previous to her
departure for Guldliuld.
Miss Vera dohuahley left Sunday
for an indefinite visit in louden,'
Lodi and Stockton.
W. E. Downs was an outgoing
passenger Monday morning for Santa
Cruz, to join his family there, and
spend a couple of weeks' reoreatiou.
Kobert Payne camo up from the bay
city Sunday night, to spend a two
weeks' vacation with his mother aud
brother, and greet old time associ
ates.
John Higgins, sr.. who has been in
poor health for tho past weeks,
has gone to Placervillo and other
parts of El Dorado county for a few
weeks' change ot climate
Mrs Mary Marie returned from. San
Fraucisco Tuesday, alter a brief stay
with her sister at that place.
Herman Leumann and wife went to
San Francisco Monday. Mr Lehmann
is a deligate to tbe grand lodge of A.
O. U. W. which eouvened in that city
this week.
Mis Mike Moran of San Francisco,
is tbe guest of her parents), Mr and
Mrs Levnggi and family.
F. Littlefleld arrived here trom
Nevada Tuesday eveuiug, to attend
the wedding ot bis sister-in-law, Mrs
M. Watkins, and visit with his family
a couple ot days. He left again
Thursday moruing. Sutterite
Japanese Government Looking
Into Electric Power System.
As showing the interest taken by
thti Japanese in every department of
mechanical science, an agent |of that
government was here last week to in
vestigate tbe big power plant (at
Electra. ilia name is H. Kurus'jor,
employed directly by bis govermeut
to examine and report upon electrio
power conditions ou this const, lie
visited tbe plant last .Thursday. lio
was accompanied by a countryman
named 8. Nohigiua a resident of Sau
Francisco, who came along ■as inter
preter. They left agaiu the following
morning. No doubt tbe Japause me
pushing these Investigations In other
states mill other couutrles,wJth a view
of acquainting' themselves with tbe
most ajiiiroviid methods of generating
and aufilyhiV; ' electriu energy for
ligutiug'urid" power purposes.
For Sale.
(j'rooerv Husiuess, ceutrally located
In thn city of Htockton. Established
live yearn ago. Will sell ou Invoice.
Five yeurs lease of property.
Inquire ot T. t\ uonnkv & CO.,
Keul Estate & Insurance.
No. ai S. California st., Mooktou.
OA.t3TC>II.XA.m
flean tb« \j lhfl Kind You Have Always BougM
AM / }V!±{ IJZDGJBR- JACKSO N. CAI/TlToim la,
THE KREVO
MURDER CASE
Nothing new has transpired toward
the uDtaveluient of the murder of
Ella Krovo, >nn was shot two weeks
ngo while sleeping in the rear of his
home near tho Argonaut mine. The
two brothors, George and Marco
Krevo have vacated the premises.
They lett there the middle of last
week, holng afraid to stny there, as
they say, aftor tho tragedy in the
violent death of the older brother.
They have moved into one of the
boarding houses in town.
The girl, Kato Krevo, who was kept
at tbe Globe hotel under surveliance
for over a week, was removed to the
county jail on Monday. No formal
charge has been made. SSbe is tug
peoted of knowing more about- the
brothel's death than she .has told.
In appearance eho is it meio child,
clad In short dressos; but evidently
ot stronger mind thuu her childlike
appearance would Indicate. Tbe
otlicers have failed to get from her
any information that would throw
furthor light on the murder mystery.
She claims that she does not know,
if sbn does know she refuses to tell.
She is kept in the front room of the
jail, aud is a prisoner in every sense
of tho word.
Soino wern inclined to nnult
whether /be killing was reported by
tbe girl soon after tlie shooting
occurred. No one bad come forward
who heard the shot. Tom Holitho,
who is employed at tho Kennedy,
hii.vs bo heard one .shot, aud remarked
tbe fact to his wife about'shootiug at
so late an hour. ' This was before !)
o'clock, but not more than a qumtor
of an hour before the curfew bell
was rung. According to this there
could not have been but a short time,
not more than tea or fifteen-minutes,
from the shooting until tbo girl left
tor town to report. '' .
A sheriff's posse went out Tuesday
to search for the pistol, i A reward of
820 has been offered for its recovery.
A thorough search about the fields
and water ditch failed to find it. It
is probable that the weapon was
thrown into some nbaudoned^sbatt, as
there are sec oral not far trom the
scene of the shooting.
2 iletore the homicide Kate . Krevo
addressed a letter to Nick Jiruic,
Sacramento, registered. This was re
turned to the Jackson postofflce as
uncalled for. Tbe party the letter
was sent to is a young man to whom
the girl was -Attached, .and .who sl|u
went to . see when she left j home a
week before tbe murder. ' When re
turned to the sender, Sheriff Gregory
accompanied ■ her to the poetollice
Sunday evening to receive it. She
protested that she had not written it.
When it was opened, and found to
have her name signed to it, sho still,
claimed that she never wrote it nor
signed It; and said that John Dauo
vich signed her name to it. Dabo
vich, who ia employed at tbe brewery
here denied knowing anything about
the letter. When taken to tbe jail to
sen the girl, Kate accused him ot
falsehood in denying that be signed
it. However, she finally acknow
ledged the authorship of the missive.
Tbe letter contained nothing bearing
upou tbe homicide, but tbe incident
shows the determined character ot the
Bin.
Meanwhilo her continued captivity,
witnout auy charge being preferred
against her, is becoming a mutter of
general comment.
Made a Bluff at Suicide
To Frighten Lady Love.
Tue Sauramento Bee of the lltn has
the following dispatch from Plucer
rille, Xl JJorodo county. There is
probably Home mistake in the name,
Vernardia Is not od the register. It
is no doubt intended for bernardie:
Chester Vemardin was taken from
here yesterday by bid brother to
A mad or county. Vetnaidia it, a
young man about 20 years of age.
He made things lively here Saturday
night mid again Sunday by going
though the motions ot killing himself
with what at the time was supposed
to be poigcu. It is alleged that he
was jilted by hia lady love,' who is
employed here in an ice cream pailor.
Some timetogo the young woman in
question ouroe here from Butter ('reek
to escape, it is mud, the uuwelaome
attention of Vurnardisj. lie followed
about two weeka ago, secured employ
ment here, uml began a slego ou the
citadel ot her heart.
UiKMiubo she did not receive him
with favor, he warned her Kuturday
night of the oousequeuces if she still
ooutiuued to refuse bis uttentiou, and
still meeting discouragemeut after
this, he iutired to the rear of the
place where tho young woman is em
ployod and took a large dose of per
oxide of hydrogen. As he fiothed at
the mouth, and otheiwlau suomed
about to die, a doctor was culled and
he wiiH i:ilit<u to v hotel. As he uever
wat> in any iliin«er, the doctor did
not tarry loilfd 'Ihe young mini in
iiu.v at Kutter Ci«ek.
-— '-'
Pionkick Flour always hus booo
ami still Is tno beat.
Obituary Notice.
Drytown, August Elt.lt.
Notlcoa posted Inst Friday tead:
"Died— July 7, at his home iv Dry
town, Edward AI. Oianulni, agnd 21
years."
Patient and long sulFeMtig Eddio
has at last been relieved of all tho
pain that had racked nun torn his
body for tbe past twelve years. Not
withstanding hla sufferings be was
kind and gontle to everyone, uever
complaining, always in good spirits,
sympathizing with nil In their
afflictions aud sorrows, ever roady to
lend ' hi* asflifttanoe to any under
taking. Kddin has passed, hut tbe
memory of a gantle boy will remain
with all those who knew him. His
will power and a linn determination
to recover were remarkable it? one so
youtifi. Evory care und attention
that loving parents uml a devoted
sister could givo worn bestowed on
him. His Bister, Miss Stella, left her
duties at tbo Fabiola hospital, Oak
laud, to Rive him .her oureful atten
tion during bis last hours.
Thi) services wore conducted at the
home of deceased's parents by tho
l.'nv. Mr Knuckle, who spoke comfort
ing words to tho bflieavuii ones, and
admonitions to tbe frionds. ; Mrs 11.
& Potter of Plymouth led the choir,
which rendered appropriate selections.
I'jddie, thou art gone but not tor
gotten. One who laved him.
Feel languid, weak, mn-downV
lleaduclie? Stomach "off"?— .luic a
plain ORse of lazy liver. Kurdock
Blood liittors tones liver and stom
ach, promotes digoatiou, purifies tbe
blood.
The Jackson Brewery.
Li. 11. Young, accompanied by H.
H. Uanscom, tbe deputy revenue col
lector, cirove up from Sacramento
I'uesday. Mr Young is here for the
purpose of pushing the deal to pur
chase tbe Jackson brewery from John
Strohau
The plan is to incorporate n com
pany, and sell tbe stock almost ex
clusively in Amador county. Mr
Young Is here to see how much of the
undertaking will be financed locally,
and will not go outside unless it be
comes absolutely necessary, it is in
evitable that' tbe capacity ot tbo ice
plant connected with tbe brewery
must be doubled. Carloads of ice
have to be brought from outside to
supply tbe demand. Of course there
is comparatively little profit in im
porting ice, but manufactured at
home, there is a good margin ot
profit.
Logan for Best Baby Photo's.
Logan, the premier photographer
of Stockton, ban won a substantial
reputation by his splendid work in
photographing tbe little tots, lie has
pleased thousunds with his work and
can csrtaiuly ptaosn you. Next time
you lire in Stockton, bring tbe
youngsters along and have tbem
photographed. Kvery comfort for
mother and child in his big np-to
date studio at No. 15 S. San -JoHqiiiu
street. Aug. 7-2t
Unclaimed Letters.
Madugali Casinico, Jvo M. (ijum
siob, Francisco Lecjßrnet'i, Celeste
Liisoni, Paul Klioan, Jovo Kojovio,
Mrs J. 11. OatoF, P. Nielsen, S. P.
Nielsen, L. Piciniui. lliju Pridavioa,
M. Snljilinih.
BORN.
JOwiiS^Tu'Tj^huTdTTu^u^^
to tbe wife of Tbomas W. Jones,
formerly of Hutter Creek, a daugh-
ter.
MARRIED.
MIL.L,rJrJ-WATKINS. - In Sutter
Creek, August 12, 1908, by Rev.
iwitlinr Azevado, Kalpb Miller of
Nevada, to Mrs Martiao Watkins
of Mutter Creek.
DIED.
NIiWMAN— In y«n Fraucisoo, August
!), 1908, Jeanio Maud Newman, nee
(jiitton, a untivo of Missouri, aged
'Jl years and 10 days.
UEMAKTIM. —In the county hospit-
al, August 7. 1908. Frank Deioar-
tiui, a native of Italy, aged 53
years.
Order to Show Cause.
iu the Superior Court of the county
of Amudor, State of California.
In the Matter of tho estate ot ii J at-
ri«:l< McCoriniiirU, deceased. •
Kiln Adams, tlio administratrix of
tbe estate of l'utiick McUormack, de-
ceased, having tiled her petition heie-
in praying for an order of sulo ot tbe
real estate ot said decedout, for the
purposes therein set forth, it in there-
fore ordered by gold court, that all
persons lutereuted iu tbo estate of
sit id deceased appear before tbe suld
superior court on Saturday, the 15th
day of August, I'JUH, at teu o'clock in
tbe foritnoon of said day, at the
Ddiirtrooni <if suld superior court, at
tbe city of •liiclshqu, county ot Ania-
dor, state of C'ulifornia, to show cauao
wby uii order should not >>e granted
to tbo Bald uiliiiiuistratrix to sell so
in mid of the rciil estate of the said
deceased iit private salo, us bball be
uecosuary, and that a copy of thia
order be publlshod at least four
Kuooeauive weeks iu tbo Amador
Ijedger', a uewmiiuper priuted und puh-
liebed iu said Aiuador couuty.
Dutod July ritli, 11)08.
K. (J. KUHT,
Judge ol Haiti superior court.
If You Want vj.
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Malt
SACKAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. myS9
♦00©*4>*»<M»0«<K>40<»0*** ♦♦♦♦
! OUR POLICY ii
A i I
a i >
J I This bnuk seeks to prosper by \ J
, I aggressive businops getting « ,
1 » methods vvbicli, however, shall « •
0 in no way involve tho sacrifice * |
i, of our dignity ami importanco 
<i us a (lniiiioiu! institution. It < >
1 ► ia our policy to strictly adhere J '
\ , to tbe principles of sound J,
1 > banking, to give liberal ac- 4 •
y commodationB within the *'
2 - limit of prudence and safety, ,',
I > to keep our resources always < >
1 ' I at. a sum . sutlicieut to meet * '
5 our deposit liabilities, with n it
if largo margin for safety. Uur 41
0 watohword is safety, firs', last <>
j I and always. We seek your \ [
I 1 conUdence and patronage on < >
' ' this basis. " >
0 Bank of Amador County V>
< > Jackson, California. < >
+♦»♦♦<»♦<><»»♦♦♦♦♦♦<>♦ <KK»»<»4»^»
• . «•
• — j — GO TO THE •
I MAI HI
• When Yon "RT?T? AJ\ •
• Want Fresh XS-KJirfAJLJ •
I fl. DRL PORTO 5 CO- PRORS- 1
j ~ •
• Wo ulKo'lioep a lart'n stock ot St»Die •
® imd Funoy "
8 GROCERIES -
5 Onr Specialty— Freshlßread'every day *
• except Sucdoy •»
••••^••••••••••tctesiosc*
I ! 'MONEY ' I
BEGETS
■ , MONEY
of Saving Comes Having |
The more money saved tho fij
more it is increased by the ac- E
cumulation of injorest and each H
six months it increases more K
rapidly by compound in jr; tbo j|
safo and sure vvay of accumu- S
latino is to deposit it in tho ft
I People's I
Savings Bank 1
SACRAMENTO,. CAL. :
Pays 4 percent on term and
3 percent on ordinary de- \
posits. One dollar starts an
account.
Sond for our booklet, |
"BANKING BY MAIL."
Electrical Wiring
Of all descriptions
Door and Call bolls and
.short lino Telephones
intallod in any home.
: . For particulars call
G. ,Yl. Voorheis • - Main 2
Jackson • • • California
! SrToEiMKiNGI
; ' j V.'AlA^pviCH :
i ! ■■■•' ■■' ledate«l'in-' ' ' "•* |
1 L. Hadovioh'fe sa'loon at Main '
| street bt'Mtfo. !
ii 1
\ Tho best kind of I
I workmanship and t'uily
,) 10 pereont loss than any ;
!j ono else in town. ;
Notice for Publication
2211
Ptfpartrnflnt of tbe Interior—
U.S. Land Otllce at Sacramento, Calif.
June 15, IUOB.
Notice is hereby Riven that Alary L.
Chlcblzoia, of Amarlor City, Ofcllf.,
who, on June 10, IPOH, made timber
and stone sworn fltaternent, No. 2211,
for H}4 of H\Ui nod H}i of HWJ4,
Uection 1. Towneliip 7 N'.~, lianee 14
E. . Mount, Diablo Meridian, bas filed
notice ot intention to make Dual
proof, to establish olalm to the land
above deßcrlbed, befnro tbe Kegister
and lieceirur at U. 8. Land Olllce In
tiflcrauiflnto, Calif., on thn '23 th, day
of Aufftist 101)8.
(Jlaimant namos ns witnesses:
Fredrick Kabb of Sntter Creok,
Calif., 10. M. Cnlbort of Amador
City, Calif., William lirown of Uleta,
Calif., aud V. J. Ohlcbizola of Jack-
eon, Calif.
JOHN V. AKMBTIUJNO.
jnolO licglster.
Notice for Publication.
~^ 220a
Department of the Interior—
U.S. Lund otllco at Hacraraeuto, Calif.
- June 8, l!iO8.
Notice is hereby given that Uust
Pettorflou, of Portland, 'Oregon, who,
on May 14, I'.idH, mado timber and
stone sworn statement, No 2203, ior
the 8148 l 4 ol' SLJ^aud BVg of HW'^, Sec-
tion 1, Township 7 »., Kange 14 K.,
Mount Diablo Meridian, has filed
notice of intnntiou to make llnal
proot, to establish claim to tbe land
above descrlbod, before tbe Register
and Kecoiver ot U. S. Land Office in
Macramento, Calif., on tbo 2Utn day*
of August, 1908.
Claimant names na witnesses: T, A.
Chlchlzola of Amudor City, Calif., J.
P. Moff'ett and Charles Erickson, ot
Portland, Oregon, and Q. C. Union
of West Point, Calif.
JOHN V. AKMSTKONO,
]e 12-td Kegistor. ,
Notice for Publication
~ ~~ 2214
Department ot the Interior—
U.S. Land Office at Sacramento, Calif.
June Ii). 1908.
Notice is hereby given that James
A. Chicbizola, of Aniadnr ' City,
Calif., who, on June 14,' 1008; made
timber and stone sworn statement,
No. 2214, for NW> 4 ', tJcction 12, Town-
ship 7 N.,' Kange 14 l'l, Mount Diablo
Meridian, has filed notice of inten-
tion to make final proof, to establish
claim to the laud übovo described,
before the Register and Receiver at
U. H. Land Office in Sacramento,
Calif., on tbe 25th day of I August
1908.- • ..
Claimant names as witnesses:
E. M. Cnlbert and K. D. Myers of
Amador City, Calif., William JBrown
of Oleta, Calif., and L. 11. Cook of
Volcano, Calif. •
JOHN Jj 1 . ARMSTRONG,
jnel9 Register.
Notice for Publication
2213
Departmont ot tbe Interior—
U.S. Land OHioe at Sacramento, Calif.
■■ : - ••: ,i. ■ ;• .June 15,. 1903. ,,.
Notice is hereby given that James
W. Marr. of Plymouth, Calif.; who, ;
on Juno 10, 1908, mode timber and
stone sworn statement, No. 221U, for
NE^, Seotiou 11, Township 7 N.,
Range 14 E., Mount Diablo Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
final proof, to establish claim to tho
land above described, before fho
Register and Receiver at U. S. Land
Office iu Saorameuto, Calif., ou the
2,")th day of August, 1908. .
Claimant names us witnesses:
Frederiok Kabb of Suttor Creek,
Calif., William Lirown ot Oleta,
Calif., A. Pini and Frank KnowSton
of Amador City, Calif.
. JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
jel9 Register.
HODSON
m The Photographers
ENLARGED PICTURES
• PHOTOS
214 S San Joaquin st.
STOCKTON
813 K st SACRAAIENTO
1250 Clay st OAKLAND
•••••••••••o ••••••«•«•••••
! DAILY STAGE LINE •
• . BETWEEN. •
• JACKSON and ELDORADO •
j J. Stelner, Proprietor. •
J Leaves Juokson every anornlng at 7:30 •
• -a.m.: arrives, at JPlrtnofub 10:S0 a. n>. 0
• Loaves Plymoutb ut Iv. m.; arrives ut *
J Kl Dorado sp. in. *
A ' ' * ' '"■
J Loaves £1 Dorado 7:15 a. m ; arrives r
• Ut I'lymoutli 11 a. in. I.eiivos I'lvmoutb #
• at 3p. m. ; arrives in Jaokson ut fi p. m. *
• Oririces— JapkKou.NiittoDal Hotel; But- J
,-, terCreuk, Amorlcun Kxcliuiim": Arm- •
i dor City, Atfliulor Hotel; Dry town, Kx- J
J chunge;. I'lymoutb, KurcHt House. T
• Prompt delivery of packages. *•
• This Hun PonriPotN with pasveDger *•
> trulus to and frou I'lucervllle. •
' THROUGH FARE •• • • 12. 50 »
I Fifty poundN of liukkuku free. *A Beautiful Picture
Given Away With Every Box of
KIRO TOOTH POWDER
PRICE ' - • - - Twcnty-fivc;cents
RUrioERS CITY Pn/\R/Vi/YCY.
Jackson. Cal.
TEMPERATURE AND RAINFALL
This taulo gives tho highest und lowest tern
pornture In Jackson for each tiny, together with
the riilnfiill, as recorded by self-registering
Instruments Itept at the LoUKiir olllce:
, i >l I ,0:1 ■ ! iS
:Tcmp: £;; ;Temp:£.
Dato. \ i J»!j Doto. i o
iL.iH.j 2 . ! . L |H. 2
Aug, .l. 1003; TOlOtr i!Aug. 17 |;l j '.V. 1
2 i72 103.;.... i! IS !• j ; !■•••
3 ! dvioa ii i» i : ! : ;••••
4 imi 94! !j ao i: i : ••••
s i R7i 07i....ii ai ! :;:!•••
6 oiiioi ;..•. 22 i : ; : ;■•••
7......! «8 ■ 10R= .... I i 23.....!: : ;■"•
8 05:104! !i 24 ;'....
9 1 7-1 101 .... 25 | :i. ..
10 [H5 95- I 2ti . I '•••
n i ov 93:....! 27 ! : i : !••••
12: I 01; 02;.... ii 28 i : : ;••"
13 ; 63: 88i. ...!!....,.«) ! ; j . !••••
• v ; 04! : .... 50.. ..; i . : ;••••
■ ' n i: : : L.v... 81....- :I : ;•"•
in i: ; : J....1 • '■ i: !
, i >l I ,0:1 ■ ! iS
:Tcmp: £;; ;Temp:£.
Dato. \ i J»!j Doto. i o
iL.iH.j 2 . ! . L |H. 2
Aug, .l. 1003; TOlOtr i!Aug. 17 |;l j '.V. 1
2 i72 103.;.... i! IS !• j ; !■•••
3 ! dvioa ii i» i : ! : ;••••
4 imi 94! !j ao i: i : ••••
s i R7i 07i....ii ai ! :;:!•••
6 oiiioi ;..•. 22 i : ; : ;■•••
7......! «8 ■ 10R= .... I i 23.....!: : ;■"•
8 05:104! !i 24 ;'....
9 1 7-1 101 .... 25 | :i. ..
10 [H5 95- I 2ti . I '•••
n i ov 93:....! 27 ! : i : !••••
12: I 01; 02;.... ii 28 i : : ;••"
13 ; 63: 88i. ...!!....,.«) ! ; j . !••••
• v ; 04! : .... 50.. ..; i . : ;••••
■ ' n i: : : L.v... 81....- :I : ;•"•
in i: ; : J....1 • '■ i: !
LOCAL NEWS
Pioneer flour is the best; have no
other.
.Kolmrt Ousby, foreman of the Ken
nedy mine, returned from Los Angeles
county ovor a week ago. He bad bo an
at a seaside resort tbeie to recuperate
after a serious attack of typhoid fever,
attended part of the time by a trained
nurse, and also by Mrs Ousby. He re
turns apparently fully restored in
health. He weighs 175 pounds— more
thau be did before bis sickness. In
bis limbs be still foels the effects of
tbe siege of illness, bnt expects to re
sume bis duties at the mine in a short
time.
, liobert Adams, who camo up last
week from San Jose qa a brief visit to
his motber, and sister, MrsAlex Kudey
left Monday morning for Now York
via Sau Fraucisno. He has adopted
tbo stage us a profession, and bus
taken prominent parts in plays from
San Diego to Sacramento. He is an
Amador county young man, and was
raised mostly in Jacksou. We wish
him every success in ' his profession
on tho Atlantio coast.
W. C lloss, tbo inventor of a new
tooth fur mowing machines, enabling
a broken tooth to be replaced by tbo
mower iv tbe barvest flold iv a few sue
ouds, is making arrangements to havo
tbe in volition manufactured ana put
on tbe oiarkot. All experts who have
looked iuto the' merits of tbo inven
tion prdupunco U a valuable improve
ment upon existing harvesting ma- 1
cbinery, and tbat tbe inventor ought
to reap a substantial reward for bis
contrivance.
Tbe first load of lumber from the
new sawmill on the Piccardo land iv
Pioneer district was brought down
last week. It consisted of about a
tbousaud feot. Tbo mill is owned by
J. M. Parsons, aud is operated by him
self aud bis two sons. The capacity
of the mill is about 5000 feet per
Last Sunday tbe Sutler Creek base
ball nine weut up to New York lluuch
aud played a game with a team pick
ed up around there. .Sutler Creek
won the game by tho close score of
2 to 1.
J. I. Wilson. Dentist. Hours 9a.
in. to 5 p. m. Phone — Ollico, black
441: residence. Black 304; Jackson.
Miss Roma Spagnoli left Monday
morning for Son Francisco, to con
tinue ber studies tbere. She was ac
oompuuied by her brother, Ernest.
Mrs Wm. Peury jr., left Monday
for Pacific (Jrove, to upend* a few ■
weeks' vacation. :
Hoggs Camiuotti was a paseengor
Monday for Berkeley, where he iv- I
tends to enter the university. Ho i
will tiikn a i'ourso in the college of .
social science. j
Sylvester Spaguoli came up Sunday i
from ICclimcmd, to epeud a few days' \
with his brother, D. B. Spagnoli. J
M. L. Smith Notary Public and (
Hteuograpber, Court St., Jaok&on, i
Tolepbotio Black 413.
Mia (io.ii. W. Urown loft last nenk ,
for her usual summer vacation with \
relatives iv British Columbia. Mr
Brown uooompuuied her as fur us Uau
rameuto, aud relumed home Sunday
eveuiug. (
Lodger &Chlougo Intor-Ocoan, S'J.CO
The Amador Mills at lone are offer
ing mountain piuo lumber at 820 per
M; Oregon pine at 822 per M. Any
one wantiug lumber will ' do well to
call on thorn as tbe stock will not last
long. Amador Mills.
Miss Edna l'almor returned borne
Sunday evening, after a visit of two
mouths with relatives iv Orovillo.
Oue of tbe mornbauts of Jackson
met with an unlooked for loss last
Saturday. The weather was of the
badns complexion. It is usual for
the merchants to get butter from tbe
creamery by freiabt over the I. & E.
road, and take it from the oars
Immediately upon its arrival, other
wise tbere is a flatteriug chance tbat
the butter will be converted into oil.
That is just wbnt happened to a case
; of. butter welgniug 00 pounds. A
| slight delay in calling for this perish
1 able merchandise mode it commercial
ly useless.
Mr and Mrs Eugene Schwartz and
son .Leon, also Leo Schwartz, returned
home Friday evening, after a three
weeks' stay at Capitola..
James Musbett returned to Jacksou
last Monday evening, after a pro
tracted visit in San Frauoisoo. He
has been' all over tbe mining camps
of Nevada since bo left here to see the
flnet arrival iv May, but is glad to get
home to Jackson, lie found no place
to bs compared with home, minerally
speaking.'- ">'■"-■' .
Some timo during Friday night tbe
uikel-in-tbe-slot machine in Hurgin's
salooa, was rifled of about ShO-the
total contents of tbe receptacle known
as tbo' jackpot. The thief entered tbe
rear of tbe premises, and simply
smashed tbo boavy glass forming tbe
bottom of tbe jackpot, after forcing
open the front of the machine. It
was full ot quarter dollar pieces.
I'hero was ovor 8100 in the other com
partments iv the back of the ma
ouiue, but no attempt was made to
get this. X'hero is no clew to tho
perpetrator. * •■.
IMi^s Aguos Steckel. who has beon
Qtuyiug at the National hotel with
her mother, returned to her home
near the Uwiu mine Sunday aud from
thero will go to lierkeiey, wboru she
will re-enter Miss Head's school.
F. li. Joyce returnod Monday from
a flying trip to Los Angeles, uud the
same evening wont to bis homo »'.
Defender.
Mrs Kirkwood, camo down Sunday
morning from their ranch in tho
mountains and will remain horo
awhile before returning.
' Frank Cuueo and Wallace Joucs,
neither of them over 15 years; killed
a rattlesuake last Monday within
balf a milo from town, on tbe Jones
ranch. It was coiled up, and sprung
its rattle .as tho boys drew near,
which was tbe first thing tbat attract
ed their attention. They tackled the
teptile with rocks and managed to
kill it. It had seven rattles. The
body was disposed of to Cbiuameu
who make somo use of the bide.
Mrs Alox Eudey Joft Monday
morning for San Franoisco, to joiu
her husband there. Theuco they In
tend to take a trip north through
Oregon uud Washingtou.
i Jeorgo Thomas has put in a neut
front iv the store building adjoining
Urn butcher shop, and paiuted aud
otherwise Improved the interior, pro
paratory to boiug occupied by the
now tailor.
Mr and Mrs Newman oatue from
baa Frauolsco Tuesday, to utleud tbo
funeral of Mrs Maurice Newuiuu at
Amadur City. *n> .Wednesday. Mrs
Nowman brought up with her the
Infant child of tliu deceased, und
will hereafter tako care of it.
Maurice Newman also ontne frum tho
oicy ou acoouut of tbe fuueial com
mon ies.
■
liny tho best sewiug machines
niiKlti, for .sale cheap. Z. T. Justus, I
Weil Hiilu. Jaokaou. j
Hootbes itohluif skin. Heals outs
or burus without a vcttr. Cures pile.-.,
eczema, halt rheum, any itching.
Duuu'u Oi'ituiciit. Your druggist
uolia it.
FHIDAY, AUGUST 14, igoß
The story of Iho Cruise of tbe
Laurence, the smallest of the torpedo
crnft that iiuoom pa tiled the Atlantic
ImtlloMliip fleet to Knn Frnnolaoo,
which hna appeared in the Ledgnr the
last two isHiiPH, will be published in
pamphlet form. We wero nnablo to
supply the demands of tho crew for
copies, mill hence to meet tho re
quests wn agreed to print the narra
tive in pamphlet form at 100 per
copy.
V. M. Colt, the monument man, gnt
cnpalzed on the Kennedy grado ynstnr
diiy. He was in his buggy when an
automobile name along aud Beared bis
horse, bo that ho was unulilo to con
trol bin], aud ran Into one of
l'ioaardo'fl freight teams. He escnpod
with a slight Injury to a iitln iluger.
Mrs Win, Tarn received a Jotter
within tbe lust tew days from ber
husband, who hna been visiting iv
Italy since tho rnicMlo'ot June, in
wbioh be stated tlmt all the parly,
which left hore together, met in
Uono aand are now touring through
Italy, visiting all tbe principal points
of interost. After a few weeka they
will return to tbe places wbero they
were visiting and will again meet, re
turning home in a body about tbe
latter tinrt ot n»xt month.
Oscar Heiobling, formerly employnd
as electrician for the Amiuior Kleo
trio Company, arrived Sunday even
ing. He is now a deputy game
warden, and la up bore on the look
out tor violators of tbe gamo laws.
We understand be is employed at a
fixed salary. . ,
J. X Wallace, representntivegof tbe
Waugb Drill Co., arrived here Tues
day evening from Denver, wbere tho
company Inia its offices. A short
time ago he installed teu of their
make of drills at tbe Kennedy mine;
and now has a new drifting ti i ill
working to demonstrate its capacity.
Mr JLarsen, another representative of
tbe company, has been iv charge of
the machine.
VY. E. Doane, shorthand reporter,
who took the testimony in tbe arson
oases, and son Norman, who assisted
him, left last Saturday for their
home in Sacramento.
lsidor Uoldner, formerly with Wells
Fargo and telegraph otIU;o here, but
now with tbe Pacific Hardware Com
pany in San Francisco, came up Sun
day last to spend a week's vacation
with bis relatives.
Mrs ladish and two children from
Kbyolito Nov., ate visiting frieuds
and relatives here. Mr Tadish was
for several years enployod in Hed
lick's store. He is now in business
Miss Sadie Edsiuger, formerly of'
Pine Grove, but now a teacher in the
public school at Lodi, came up a
few days ago ou a visit to ber aunt,
Mrs Hanley, of New York Kunob.
Volcano must bo on tbe up grade.
Tbere wero eight passengers on board
when tbe stage left here for tbat
burg Monday night.
li. I<\ Taber, who conducted the
prosecution in the arson oases, re
turned Saturday to bis homo at
Auburn.
Detective Jinimor name up last
Friday evening from San Francisco,
to give bis testimony in tbe Miiuzo
case, but tbat given in the liorollo
trial was read. He returned Satur
day.
Key. J. Hedgepeth and wifo of
Sanger, Fresno county, eaino ' fro»
tbere last Friday, aud will visit with
their sod, Tom HeJgepotli, mid
family.
Miss Myrtle Asbury, who baa been
employed at tbo National hotel, left
Wednesday for her home iv lone,
where Hhe ivill spend ber vacation.
Frank Demartiui died iv tbo
county hospital last Friday of miner's
consumption, aftor a lingering illness.
He has heen around Jackson for the
past tivouty years, working iv tbe
mines most of tbo time. Since last
Novemtmr be had been an inmate of
tbe bospital.*^;Yii
Mrs Tobias flocking is expected
home next Sunday from San Fran
cisco. She underwent a critical
operation iv one of tbe hospitals
(here, wbioh turned out very suc
cessfully.
The first oporatiou performed in
tbe new operating room recently
fitted up at the county hospital was
performed by Dr. Endioott, assisted
by Dr. (Jail, last Tuesday. Ihe
patieut was Mrs .Jpbu Campbell,
duueher of Alex Fleming of ueai Mow
York Kiimtli. Tho operatiou wad 11
success, aud the patieut is doing
uloely.
C. 11. iluasner, who ran a tailings
pluut ou a now plau of his own iu
ventiou for Heveral mouths below thu
Argonaut mill, aud who more re
oeutly instulled similar gold saving
appliaucea below tho Keystone aud
Hunker Hill uillU at Amador City,
bus ll mil I v quit the biiHiueus here.
He could nut uiuko it pay. Ho lias
loft tor Nevadu. it is rumored with
ttie iutuution of Installluß a tallltißD
plAut at lilali, to ciitoli the runaway
gold from v hundred stump mill
there.
Sin FihdoUoq Defers great oppor
tuiiltifH. Prepare tur them by taking
a course id tho Sau Fraiiolmto liusi
uess Colloge, 7:i:i Flilmore St., ti. IV.
Sutler Creek State Bank.
l''rerlfirick Eudny, receiver of the
Sutler Creek bank, recently petition
ed the court to allow him to return
&!UU to tho bnnk commissioners, this
telog an amount which they failed
to hold out when they turned over
tlio funds of the bnnk to the re
ceiver. Tbo cash on hnnd at that
timo who 8(1,030.02. Wheo tho com
nii^loners took charge of the bank
nnd closed its doors they appointed a
tecelvet, agreeing to pay him 8100,
hut through some inicninderstniidlug
the commissioners held out only
32U0, turning over 8(1,030.20 to the
rocoivor. The court ordered the
other $200 paid tho commissioners,
who In turn will pay it to Soraooo.
Home timo before tbe closing of the
bank V. M. Colt entered luto con
tract with various parties to erect
Cetnotory monuments, .the contracts
amounting to 81785, the work to be
completed at different dates com
mencing the Ili-Kt. of February this
your. Jt ia claimod that the bank
find a ntnudinr; agreement with the
Vermont Marble Co. of Sau Fran
el-no, guaranteeing payment, of all
orders sent in by Colt. Just before
tho closing of the bank, tbat iustitu
tiou outered iuto agreement with
Colt whereby they were to furnish
tho material for completing ttie
"imminent,!-:, tbe contracts for tbe
work being turned over to *he hank
for collection. But before any
material was ordered tbe oommis
uiouers closed tbe bank, bo it could
not complete the agreement. Ou ac
count of orders ou previous contracts
(Jolt was allowed to overdraw his
account 81084.81. Eudey, as receiver,
succeeded in making an arrangement
with Colt whereby the bank stands
less chance of losing the whole
amount. He agreed to turu over to
Colt tbe contracts mentioned above,
while tbe latter waives all claims
against the bank tor tbe non-complo
t.iou of its contract, pays $50 by au
accepted order ou Carlo (Hnvanuoui
payable in thirty days, and also
agreed to give J'iudey his promissory
note tor the amount ot the overdraft,
with interest at seven per cent. On
petition of Eudey, Ibo court made
an order Wednesday allowing him to
complete tbe agreement.
The Vermont Marble Co. ban a
claim against the Sutter Creek bank
for 81002.28 for material furnished
(Jolt on previous orders, tbe payment
of which they claim was guaranteed
by P. Dabovich, as cashier of the
bank.
Mining Accidents.
As llib rtiiHiilt of a cave in ore of
tbe Jovols of tho Kennedy mine about
9 o'clock Wednesday morning, Dave
Cassassb sustained a badiy }ucerated
scalp, a broken collar bone, besides
numerous bruises and outs on bis
arms and buck. lie was taken to his
room lit the Kennedy lodging bouse,
and Dr. (Jail CHlled in to dress tbe
wounds.
About four o'clock Wednesday after
noou a Jiirgo rock rolled mi Frank
liuudil to'.s toot, wbile be was at work
in tbe Kennedy, crushing the member
badly. Dr. tfudicott attended him. gj
;W. 11. Cooper and J. (J. Davis of
lierkeley, representing a company
bandliug Ka.st Kiobmond real estate,
are hero in tbe interest of tbe com
pany, and expect to remain a couple
of weeks. From hare they will go to
Gutter Creek, wbere they will innke' a
abort stay.
Mrs li. Vegeli, who has been visit
ing in Kureka, Humljolt county, for
tbe past couple of month.-, returned
to lier borne here Tuesday evening.
(She stopped a tow days in Han Krnu
ciaoo, but found it so cold and dis
agreeable Unit slio docidod to return.
Tbe liev. hi. U. liruu, rector ot tbe
Kpisoopul uhurcti, baa returned from
his vacation, Bud services in tbe local
church will be resumed next Sunday
tnoruiug at 11 o'clock.
John KiiL'Kio, who conducts tbe
Kennedy boarding bouse, bad an
nxperience Wednesday afternoon tbat
caused him a great deal of paiu, be
sides frightening him and bis sisters.
Ho was Btuug on tbe little tlnger by
an ordinary hornet. Under normal
conditions ono would expoot the
linger to swell, but within five
minutes his face bad swollen almost
beyond recognition. Dr. Nprague
received a fiautio oall and drove out
us fast us possible. He attributed tbe
swelling iv the face to the rash that
broko out us the tiwelliug weut down,
aud way brought preinatuiely by tne
poison of tbe hornet.
Father Kearney leceired a pnstal
cat- the other cvouiug irom Kutber
(-■leasou, who left here a oouple ot
months ugo for his old borne, stating
that lin wag etill iv Irolaud, aud
would remain tliere for a time before
loaviug for the continent.
Mid Oliver ("lurk wna a passenger
this morniug for Suciuninuto.
Mrs Opio Harper received a tole
gratn this iimmini: to the effect that
ber brother, William J. Williams,
died in Itisboe, Arizona, early this
raoruiug from pneumouia. Tbe de
ceased was a nntivo ot Kiiyliimi, mid
about 40 yearn ut age. It hud bueu a
number ot yearx sinoo Mm Harper
bad tuiy word from him, ho ishu had
long supposed him deud.
STILL IN THE FRONT
For full lines of cloth-
ing^ shoes, drygoods,
gloves, silks, laces,
embroideries, ladies'
waists and ties, and
corsets, all of which
will be sold to the
people of Amador
county for less than
any house in the
state, taking out the
expenses and ex-
press charges.
SHOW'S CASH STORE
Sutter Creek - California
SUPERIOR COURT
PROCEEDINGS
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
People vs. (jiovanni-Uattiste Marco
liorello.— -Re-appointment and sub
stitution of D. 11. Spuunoli for Coben
& Creely. On motion of district
attorney the case was dismissed, and
defendent discharged.
Jalies N inn is, guardian vs. 11. E,
Potter, administrator of estate of
Annie E.. Trelo'ose.— Judgment in
favor of tbo plaintiit. The suit was
tbe outcome of a dispute over tbe
title to property in San Francisco,
being lots 2 and 15, block '248 and lot
2 block 389.
Estate of Samuel Hrigbt.— Ordor
for family allowance of BUO a montb,
and sotting asido certain personal
property, aud lot 3 block 2, Jackson.
Estute ot Uessie Stone.— W. H.
Hancock appointed administrator.
Estate of Wm. Devitt. — Final ac
couut aud petitioD for decree of dis
tribution filed. Oruer establishing
decree of distribution.
Estate ot Mary Churchman. — De
cree of distribution granted.
Estate of V. Mazetti.— Final ac-
Estate of Ann Treloose.— H. E.
Potter appointed administrator.
Kstnte of E. ii. OWeil. -Order
settling final account.
Estate of X-iiiigi Aluua.— Order set
tling final account.
Estate of James P. Drew.— Order
sotting llniil account.
Estate of D. Skero.— Order settliug
Estate of 1). Martinetti.— Order
settling final account.
Estate of Teddy Huzolich.— Order
settling final uccount.
Estate of F. i\. Voorbois.— Order
appointing A. (iinocchio, P. L. Cassi
uelli aud F. W. liubser appraisers.
Frederick Kubb vs. lone & Eastern
X, K. Co.— Judgment by default iv
tbe sum of 31200, tbe amount sued
for. interest aud costs.
Johu Nicholaus vs. J. C. Stuart-
Judgment iv favor of defendant.
This was a dispute over a roadway
across land in 28-H-11.
bank of Amador County vs Wilford
Dennis and Jackson Denuiß—Judg
ment in the sum of 9112.40 in favor of
plaintiff.
New Canes
Estate of Margaret Hearty. --Hi idgut
Hyriio, putitioiiH tor letters. Estate
consists of two bousos and lots in
lone, valued at about ,^1200,; SI7SU in
cash, and personal property. Tbe
c uiy known beirs am Uiiilm't liryue,
a sister aud Auua, Leitch, a half
sister.
Uuardiuu of Knsa Hatto et a>—fetl
tiou ot Virginia Uatto to be appoint
ed guardian. Couseut of relatives
tiled. Older appointing putitiuuer
guaidian. Kstnlti rousista ot one
teuth iuterpHt tacli in ltii) acres iv
21(1-11, and a one sixteenth iutcrost
tmi'h iv lots 51 aud !V2 ot tin Hamilton
KubdiviHion of lot 4 tilouk (t, Jucksou,
120 acres in 112-7-12 uud of the reHiduo
of perrouul proi>erty, nliule estate
I oing ot no greater value than $1501).
OOCUMENTS RECORDED.
I'fho following Instruments have been filed
lor record In tno recorder's olllce since our lost
report. We publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to accede to
any request to suppress any dooument from
these Columns. Don't aslt us to do so
Doods-Lloyd A. and Myrtle Bearce
to Fountain A. Kimbali, 80 acres iv
28-7-KJ and 80 acres in 29-7-13. 510.
John and Mary Alice Stribley to
Joseph Bastian, portion of lot 2,
block 1, Jacitsou, 810.
Nick Kalia to Louis AJagud, ICO
acros in 11-7-11, S2io.
Louis Smith to Charles M. Bel
shaw, Jot v block 10, Oleta, SSO.
lrust Deed. — lrwiu W. and Addie
C. McCiary to A. Uinoccbio and C.
L. Culbert as trustees for tbe Bank
of Amador County, 80 acres in
23-8-11, 40 acres in 2G-8-11, 40 acres
in 25-8-11 aud 120 Bores in 21-8-I],
also 120 acres in 25-8-11 and 40 acres
iv 21-8 Jl, to secure a note for SSOO.
Bill of Sale.-A. a. Bouterious to
Josephine Haivey, household furni
ture in dwelii'jg formerly occupied,
by Nettie Schoboi, 878.25.
Certificate of Sale-U. S. Gregory,
sheriff, to W. (J. Anderson, 18."> acre*
belonging to the Evening Star Mining
Co., 81000, In the suit of W. (J.
Anderson vs. tho Evening Star Min
ing Co., the judgaeut in which was
83553.83.
U. S. Gregory, sheriff, to C. P.
Viciui, property ot the Mabouey
mine in Sutler Creek, 52U.000.87.,
foreclosure ot liens in tbe suit of
John Higgius vs. J. U. Spring et ai.,
the judgment in whiob was 85,220.47.
Satisfaction of Judgment— A. W.
Conner to Frank Simcicb.
Reconveyance. — Frederick Eudey
and A. (jinocobio to Myrtle Bearce.
Order Setting Apart Homestead.—
Estute of Samuel W. Bright.— Ordnr
setting aside lot 3, block 2, Jacksou,
to Martha T. Bright.
Location— (J. B. Wilson of the
Harrison quartz claim iv Volcano
mining district.
Proof of Labor. — Martin Magud on
the Vuldez placer claim iv Oletu
mining distiiot.
Fire Near Aetna School-
A brush tire started Tuesday after
noon in a small raviue near tbe
Aetua sohoolhouse. Tbe tiro is re
ported to have originated iv a
singular manuer, illustrating bow
cuutiagratious may be started without
tbe least culpability attaching to any
one. It seems that a boy ou horse
back was after cattle, aud the horse's
shoes struck a baid rook or glass iv
such a way as to produce a number
of uparkß. Tim sparks set tire to tbe
dry grass, and hi " an instant tbe
flames were beyoud bis coutrol.
Neighbors telophouml to town for
holp, aud a number of townspeople
started for tbo tceue, aud mauage.d to
put it out after working for an hour
or more! Tbe lite swept over a por
tion of tbe Martin ranch, aud burned
up to within a few yards of the dwell.
int; bouse,
<CJ U%. SG 'X* O IT X -A. .
Bear* tbo A lt;9 Kind YouHaveAlwsys BjusH
/\^* * //y/' « v?-
56
Clipped from our Exchanges
From Near-by Counties'.
Tbe old (Jarrett House nt Chinese
Camp, which nas destroyed by fire a
few days ago, was one of the historic
Jandmatks of the state. It was a two
story brie: building built ovet lltt.y
years ago and for many years was
conducted by Count HoMnaky, a
l'oliah nobleman driven into exile by
the Czar of Russia and the father of
the well known attorney, Frank
tiolinsky. For many year tho liig
Oak flat road was tbe leading route
to tho Yosemito and tourists from all
over tbe world made this house a
stopping plaoe. JL'bo hotel in those
dnya bad a world wide reputation.—
frospeot.
While oampiug In the mountains
last week on Hilrer Crook, Horace
Alnnn, the son, of J. V, Mann and
wife of this .city, was bitten by
rattlesuake on tbe ankle. Henry
Ulebenbain was one of the party and
was installed as surgeon. Ho opened
be wound, withdrew some of tbe
poison by suoking It, bound tobacco
on it, and gave the boy plenty of
whisky to drink. Horace came down
with a swollen leg, but did not suffer
much —Republican.
Josepb Lyon, the Urizzly Flat mer
chant, bought the poles and wires
of tbe Capital Telephone (Jo., which
weie used between PJacervllle aud
Urizzly Flat when that company was
in existence. He paid 875 for Hie
property and this will give him a
good chance tor a proUt notwithstand
ing limited population. Mr Lyon is
talking of taking . down the upper
part of tbe line and relocating along
tbe county road where repairs can be
made more conveniently. The line
serves Smiths Flat, Plenaunt Valley,
Hly Park, Blairs' Sawmill and Urizzly
Flat.— El Dorado Republican.
At MnKinney's resort on Lake
Tahoe, last Friday, a death oocurred
wbiob was the result of a souffle be
tween Eugene Kipp and Ed Vincent,
two young men who had previously
been friends. Kipp had beard insult
ing remarks Vincent had made about
bim, and they went outside to fight
it out. Kipp struck Vincent the
blow felling bim to tbe ground.
Vincent was dead when picked up,
tbe fall, it was thought, having more
to do with tbe fatal result than the
blow. At the examination Kipp was
released and the case dismissed. —
Mountain Democrat.
R. C. Eason.ol Oakland, \V. X
CarJia of Los Angeles and T. C.
Huxley of Ceuterville, Gal., bave
been registered at the Leger hotel
during tbe week. The gentlemen
mentioned are interested in tbe Chili
(Julcli Dredging Company, which
will work tbe extensive deposits of
tailings in Chili Gulch about a mile
from this place. The tailing deposits
in Chili Gulch, which in some places
are over 75 feet in depth, are tbe
debris from some of tbe richest
bydraulio minus in this state, and by
the dredger process, where large
amounts are economically bandied
daily, are bound to yield tbe precious
metal i. in paying quantities to the
operators. We have been informed
that all tbe machinery, lumber and
other material will soon be on the
ground and with tbo advent of water
things will boom in that locality.—
Cbtoniole.
' The latest reports from tbe lire
above Murpbys are to tbe etfeot that
about two miles of the Utica's flume
near Avery has been destroyed. All
tbe mines at Angels dependent upon
tbe water supply bave been closed
down and only water for household
purposes can be used. This supply is
drawn from tbo Robs reservoir aud is
limited. It is reported tbut con
siderable llctiou exists between the
forest rangers and the local lire
fighters, and some arrests have been
made. The local men who are
accustomed to fighting fires la that
locality object to tbe methoas of
rangers who bave assumed tbe
direction of altuiis. The rangers it
is said insist on following tbe law,—
that back fires must not be started
more than (JU feet from tbe tire line,
wbion in tbe high timber is of little
or no use and almost impossible to
do ou account of tbe beat. Tbe
insult of lljb two methods is that
some of tbe men bave been caught
between back fires set by the rangers
and tbe local men, aud bave narrowly
escaped with their lives. This, to
gether with the arbltiary 'summoning
ot men to tight tbe fire by tbe rangers
has greatly iutensiUed tbe feeling.
The state forester, we are informed,
baa a man on the ground.— l'rospeot.
What Is Best for Indigestion?
Mr A. Robiusou of Drumquin,
Ontario, has been troubled foi years
with Indigestion aud recommends
Chamberlain's titomaoh and Liver
Tablets as "tbe best medicine 1 evei
used. " It troubled with indigestion
or coDstipation give them a trial.
They are certain to prove beueflcial.
They are easy to tuke aud pleasant
in effect. Price 25 cents, tiampleu
free at Jackson's drug store, tipag
noli, prop.
We understand that the members
of the Kagglo Uros. Htage Co. held n
meeting in Btoohtou Ifaurnday at
which time the question of disputing
of tbe whole business to Fred Wink
lor will be decided. Jos. ftngglo
went through Han Andreas Thursday
morning to attend the meeting.
Fred Winkler stands ready to take
over tbe properly at onoe, tbe main
thing remaining unsettled is tbe
price.— Prospect.
George W. Pollord baa disposed or
his grocery business in luolumne to
J. I). Klfltuu of Hutter Creek, i'ol-
Itird lnifl gone enst on a pleasure trip.
— Jamostown Magnet.
Granulated Sore Eyes Cured.
"For twenty years 1 suffered Irom
a bad case of grnnulated sore eyes,
BBVB Martin Uoyd of Henrietta, Ky.
"In February, VM'J, a gentleman
asked me to try Chumberlain's Salve.
1 bought one box and used about two
thirds of it nnd my eyes have not
given me any trouble since." This
oalve is tor sale by Jackson's drug
Btore, Spagnoll, prop.
No Bloodhounds Tolerated.
The Cypressis authority for a state
ment that "Captain Diffenbacber is
busy training a dog, a full-blooded
man-chaser" with a pedigree long
euougb to freeze tbe blood of a
wrong-doer before he bitos bim, so
that he won't bleed. This sagacious
beast is to be used by tbe Monterey
city police iv pursuit of supposed
miscreants and murderers, and tbe
announcement causes tbe Santa Cruz
News to protest thus, crying "shame 1'
"It strikes us tbat if tbe peace
officers of Monterey cannot hunt
down criminals without bloodhounds
they should throw up their jobs for
men^who can. California is no place,
and thia enlightened day no time for
this barbarous method of pursuing
men guilty or suspected of breaking
the laws. We regard it us no less
than infamous that the officials of
Monterey county should be permitted
to introduce this Inhuman praotioe,
and we hope tbe courts will promptly
set the stamp of their condemnation
upon it.
"It is a notorious fact —a fact pre
senting a bloody stain on tbe fair
fame of a generous, chivalrous people
tbat tbe bloodhounds of tbe south
bave cast more innocent, men than
guilty into tbe hands of tbe lj nohers.
The blind faitb iv tbe bloodhound's
scent— a faitb wbiob is as unfounded
and ignorant as blind— baa con
demned many a victim of tbe pursuit
before he has bad the chance to lift
his voice in bis defense, while again
it has in tbe same minds sufficed to
disprove tbe statements made by the
poor wretoh thus tracked down.
"Every man is presumed to be
innocent until be is proved guilty.
Yet tbe bloodhound, a dumb brute
of savage instincts, is set up by a
civilized people as higher than tbe
courts In judgment on human lives I
It is monstrous, and Monterey should
be ashamed."
GRAFTING ON THE TEACHERS.
In sending out a warning letter to
the various boards of school trustees
of JVlendooiuo county L. W. Jiubcock,
county superintendent or schools,
accuses the Co-operative Teachers'
Association ot Lios Angeles and Oak
land with using dummies to drum up
business and vvitti grafting on the
teachers.
Hatoock says tbe association makes
applications for positions in the
schools «f this county, signing the
names of persons supposed to want
places as teaohers. This enables the
assoniatiou to learu ot vacancies, aud
Uabuuuk states tbut tbe teauber who
finally gets tbe place pays a commis
sion to tbe association, whinb divides
the commission with tbe person who
has allowed bei name to be used as a
decoy.
ITbe usual thing Is, be say*, for
tbe "applicant" to write back to tbe
trustees sayiog that she has just ac
cepted a position, but would like to
send a friend in ber place. It is then
so near tbe opening time of th«
school that there is little alternative
left tor tbe trustees but to write tor
tbe "friend." linbeock says:
"1 bave been informed that this
association secured tbe appointment
of sixty teaohors in one county in the
name of Sadie Mills." Besides tbe
tiadie Mills lettex be stated be has on
file in bis office letters from "Nettie
Waguer," Ueueva Hoggs," "Kulb
liedman," Vioiia D. Fisher" aud
"Marlon Dartt. "
tiuperinteudent liaboook says that
a great evil of the system is that it
euoourages tbe teaobers to travel from
one end of tbe state to tbe other
(ivory four months oi at least erery
year and keep on tbe rustle all tbe
time, whereas tbe only schools tbut
aie doing eifeotive work are those
that bold their teachers from year to
year.
AMADOU Lfflyamtt JACKSON. CAIj
An Unsought Pardon.
Among thfc Mtorles of that foroMr
governor of Tuxas familiarly known
as Sam Houston Is more than on*
amusing talc.
There was a financial agent of the
penitentiary who hnd warmly opposed
the election of Governor Houston, but
was particularly auxlou* to retain his
own pleasantly lucrative position. Con
sequently the new governor was noon
In receipt of a petition In which the
mnn's years of faithful nervlce nnd
special qualifications for tlio place wcr»
set forth In glowing terms by himself.
The governor sent for him and *ald
gravely, "It nppnars from this petition
that you buve been In the penitentiary
right year*."
"I have," was the reply.
"And during that time you have per
formed faithfully every duty that has
come In your way to tho best of your
ability?"
"I have." answered the ngent, his
courage swiftly rising.
"Then, sir." said the governor, with
the nlr of one (couforrinß( couforrinß n priceless
favor. "I pardon you out"
Put Out of Commission.
Abernethy was supposed to Influence
poople by a brusqut'in-sH amounting to
absolute rudeness. It is related that
one day a very voluble lady took her
daughter, who was 111. to see him.
"Which of you two wants to consult
me?" said Abernethy.
"My daughter," replied tbe elder wo
man.
Abernothy then put a question to the
girl, rsi'fori* she had a chance to reply
ber mother began v long story. Aber
nethy told her to be quiet and repeat
ed bis question to the girl. A necond
time the woman lie win n story, und a
second time he told her to lie quiet
Then she interrupted him :i third time.
"Put your tongue out," he said to the
mother.
"But there's nothing tbe matter with
me," she exclaimed.
"Never mind, put your tongue out,"
be commanded.
Thoroughly overawed, the woman
obeyed.
"Now. keep It out," said Abernethy,
and he proceeded to examine the girl.—
Grand Magazine.
A Queer Complication.
In Sydney, a town of 500.000 Inhab
itants, one can get nothing: to eat on
a Sunday. Certain restaurants supply
food surreptitiously, but the whole
time the guests are In danger of being
arrested. Once an Italian was in such
a restaurant on Sunday when suddenly
the police entered. Tbe Italian was
promptly pushed by the proprietor Into
a room where a waitress happened to
be standing in negligee. Even this
room the police invaded, but: the wait
ress saved tbe situation by declaring
that tbe young man was ber fiance.
The young man, by the way, had been
married some time. He thought that
he had deceived the policeman; but, as
a matter of fact, he had got out of the
frying pan Into tbe fire. One fine day
the waitress called him before the
courts and claimed $2,500 for breach of
promise. The Italian bad to pay. And
then came the worst of all. His wife
sued for a divorce and shortly after
married another man. !
Tackle This One.
Tbe following paragraph of a hun
dred words Is an excellent test In pro
nunciation. Try it first and then go
over it again, every word. In company
with a good dictionary:
"Cleopatra, Isolated in tbe oasis,
soon became acclimated and had am
ple leisure to contemplate all tbe eco
nomic details of her Inextricable sword.
Tbe wound resisted tbe allopathic mi
sogynist, who gave a courteous diagno
sis and bumbty craved precedence for
a tlhy Idyl in the form of a vase with
an aesthetic acoustlng apparatus. This
told the news like a book, but It might
have been a dog living in squalor from
the look she launched at him when he
wrote down his address. She ate ber
breakfast and then fraternized with
a national expert In appendicitis, who
attended the obsequies."
A Plot That Failed.
A story of a plot to kidnap Queen
Victoria aud turn England Into a re
public Is told in Peter Latouche's book,
"Anarchy; Its Methods and Expo
nents." This coup d'etat was planned
to tuke place In 1888. the year of tbe
great dock strike in London, but was
frustrated by the success of the strik
ers und the unexpected sympathy and
help shown them by tbe moneyed
classes. This did much to conciliate
tbe masses, on whose help the revo
lutionists relied.
Capital Punishment.
Bride (throwing her arms about tbe
bridegroom's neck)— You are my pris
oner for life! Bridegroom— lf s not im
prisonment for life, love; It's capital
punishment— Sydney Town nnd Coun
try Journal.
Th 0 Villain.
Critic— The villain in your story Is a
perfect masterpiece Where did you get
the character? Novelist— l imagined a
man possessed of all the forms of
wickedness which my wife attributes
to me when she Is angry.
Hli Limit.
Operator— What do you think of the
new foreman, Jlmmle? Printer's Devil
—Say. dnt feller could print all he
knows in display type on a postago
stamp without canceling tbo stamp.—
Exchange,
Uncomplimentary.
Howell— l'm a man of parts. Pow
ell—Most of them seem to be mlaslng.
— JCxfhange.
Next to acquiring good friends the
best acquisition U thut of good book&
-Colton.
A Square Deal
{« assured you whan you buy Dr. Plere«*«
family medicines— for all th« Inured I
put* entering Into them are printed on
the hoUln-wruppnrs find their formula*
are attested under oath as bflng complete
and correct. You know Just what you are
paying for and that the Ingredients arc
gathered from Nature's laboratory, being
selected from tho most valuable natlvo
medicinal roots found growing in our
American forestrandjvhlle potent to cure
are pflrft!ittiyh>rml<yO»ftn to the most
A T I? IJC" iw^'l'piT I?} usy(l tH)th"T^jr <^x«
{fjiri.liig mill urc°yrvj[m l.iii? m('ijiijnjt)
nJßnya glycerin*}. 'I'liim »Knnt~ possesses
Intrinsic medicinal proper tin* of Its own,
being a most valuable antiseptic and nntl
frrment, nutritive and soothing demul
cent.
Glycerine plays an Important part In
Dr. f'lcrce's Golden Medical Discovery In
the euro of indigestion, dyspepsia and
weak stomach, attended by sour risings,
henrt-burn, foul breath, coated tongue,
poor nppetito, gnawing feeling in stom
ach, biliousness and Kindred derango
ments of the stomach, liver and bowels.
Hesldes curing all tho abovo distressing
ailments, the" Golden Medical Dlscovory "
la a specific for all diseases of the mucous
membranes, a» catarrh, whether of the
nasal passages- or of the stomach, bowela
or pelvic organs. Even In Its ulccratlve
stages it will yield to this sovereign rem
edy If Its use be persevered In. In Chronic
Catarrh of the Nasal passages, it Is well,
whllo taking tho "Golden Medical Dis
covery " for the necessary constitutional
treatment, to cleanse tho passages freely
two or three times a day with Dr. Sago's
Catarrh Ilomedy. This thorough courso
of treatment generally cures the worst
cases.
In concha and hoarseness caused by bron
chial, throat and lung affections, except con
sumption In Us advanced stnifns, tho "Golden
Medical Discovery" Is a most efficient rem
edy, especially in those) obstinate, hanc-on
coughs caused by irritation and congestion of
the bronchial mucous membranes. Tho "Ills"
covery " if not ho irood (or acute couirhs arls
lnff from sudden colds, nor must It bo ex
pocted to cure consumption In Its advanced
states— no medicine will do that— but for all
tlii obstinate, chronic roughs, which, if neg
lected, or badly treated, lead up to consump
tion. It Is the best medlcin* that can be taken.
A BIG TIME.
Cincinnati, 0.. July 28.-William
Howard Taft today accepted the re
publican presidential nomination.
His official notification combined a
political jubilee for tbe city, of
Cincinnati aud its environs.a historic
gathering of national party leaders
and an occasion for the annouuoe
ruent by tbe candidate of his political
tenets, designed as the text of re
publican oratory throughout tbe
oampaign.
Probably never before in its his
tory had tbe city been moie profuse
ly decorated. by day tbe stieers
were a mass of waving colors, while
by night countless electric bulbs out
lived the tall buildings in vari-oolor
ed.splendor and formed deoorativede
signs ot unueual beauty. Following
tbe suggestion of tbe local committee
iv charge of notification day arrange
ments, tbe American flag bus been
almost exclusively used in tbe de
coration of the oity.
Following is a list of tbe events of
tbe day : '
7 a. m.— Artillery salutes from tbe
hilltops. -
Bn. m,— Flag xaising ceremonies at
Charles P. laffc's residence. Cheer
ing tails to bring Taft out, but his
wife finally induces him to appear
and make a brief speech to tbe
crowd.
11 a. m. -Taft holds informal re
aeptlon for the notification com
mittee.
12 m.— Taft otUoially notified by
senator Warner of Missouri. Delivers
acceptance speech.
Cheapest accident insurance— Dr.
Thomas' Eolectrio Oil. Stops the
pain and heals tbe wound. All drug
gists sell it.
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this head, not exceed-
ing 5 lines, will be Inserted at SOo per month, or
6 cents per line for less thun one month.
ALL kinds of Blanks for U. S. Land Filings—
Homestead, Timber and Mineral blanks-
may be bad ut tbe ledger odloe; also deeds,
mortgages, mining locations, proof of labor-
and other legal blanks kept for sale.
Mining Signals on olotb, required
tb be posted iu all mines, for sale at
tbe Ledger oltlco.
For Sale— JUot of benobes, formerly
used in Webb ball; 6 and 8 teet long;
suitable for snow place.oburcbes, eto.
Will bo sold obeap; apply at Ledger
ottlce. ; ,
Acknowledgment bißuka for nota-
ries, specially printed for Amadou
county, may be bad ct tbe Ledgei
oltlco. l J rico 50n per packet ot OU.
Furnished Kooms to let: inquire at
Ledger office.
Copies of tbe license ordinance of
tbe City of Jackson in pampblet form
may be bad at tbe Ledger ottioe; price
1150. eaob.
for Kent — Two front rooms in tbe
Webb ball building, suitable ' for
ottioes. Apply at Ledger ottice.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbors
In Imported and Domestto
WI nes * Li quors * Ciga rs
JACKSON CAL.
DIBTRIIIUTINO AGENTS FOR J. F. MAR
tell CogDao, Moet 4t Chuudon, White Seal
and Prlvuto Cuvee Chumpugne; Morgun ]iron.
Puerto iln Suntu Maria Htierrles: Itoyul Wine
Company, Oporto, Fort Wtuos; Dubos FrereH,
Kordeaux, RluratH and Huutorneg ; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sou», Lim-
ited, Wulkurrille, Ontario, Cunuda; Joht de
Kuyper & Zoon, CotterUuin, '.Jin; tlllka Kuem-
met, from J. A, Gllkit, Uerlln; llurtbloomay
lirewery Compuoy, Kocnettter, N. Y,, Knicker-
bocker Beer; Dogsnead ilrund of Uuluiiuus,
Btout aud Hush" Ale (bottled by Koad llron.,
London); Cuutrell & Covhrune, liulru.st, Oluger
Ale; Naglue Uruuiiy; Kuluivortmt Auerluan
Whiskies
* % k. '**1W I I m V HrBI 1
ffl Bf / IS UP-' i .^ *J~"* !■•■• ■llfV
Demand me srand*
«
| DRIFTED SNOW ELOUR 1
i "Eureka!" Science cries at last,
$ For long and weary ayes past, ',
I I've searched, and now found just tbe Fl6ur ;
J To brighten up Life's every hour. I
! DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR j
| HIGH GRADE ICE CREAM AND CANDIES
We will mail you a [one-pound box to any address in the U. S.
for 75 cents, or a two-pound box fOT $1.35. Stamps accepted.
The Wave--434 E. Main st.V Stockton.
» KOETF MAIN BTBEET JACKSON, CAL •
[ CITY MEAT MARKET, f
• <SEO. L. THOMAS & CO. *
j; Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Porfc, Veal, Lamb, Hams, £
! Corned Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc. S
» At lowest market prices. - - - Orders promptly delivered. ' •
••••••••♦•♦•♦♦♦♦••♦♦•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
SAVE MONEY
BY USING
PIONEER FLOUR
Because it will make more loaves
of bread to the sack than any
other. Made from strongest wheat
—MANUFACTURED BY—
• PIONEER FLOOR HILLS. UCUIEITO •
FURNITURE STORE
Webb Building. JACKSON.
L. C. WHITE PROPRIETOR
Only Exclusive Furniture Store in Amador County.
Bedsteads, Mattresses, Bureaus,
Tables, Chairs, Rockers, Desks,
Carpets, Matting, Linoleum, Window Shades
Ranges, Cooking and Heating Stoves
Everything in the housekeeping lino may be found
at this store, of up-to-date design and quality, and
at reasonable prices.
Houses furnished Complete on liberal terms.
Carpets fitted and sewed to any sized room; a large assortment
to seloct from,
Call and examine the lur^o and complete stock, aad get prices
before purchasing elsewhere.
Orders from the county will receivo prompt attention.
Rurnituro Polish, Liquid Glue, and Insect Powder,
Second Hand . Furniture Bought, Sold or
Exchanged.
All kinds of Furniture Repair Work Done.
Silk Floss Mattresses made to order.OFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National Government.
EXECUTIVE
Pronldent Theodora Roosevelt
Vice President.. Charles W. Fairbanks
JUDICIARY
U. B. BUPHEMK COURT JUBTICEB
(Chief Justice Fuller)
First circuit Olivor W. Holme
Second circuit.... llufua W. Peckham
Third circuit Ilenery W. Drown
Fourth circuit Molvlllo W. Fullor
Fifth circuit Edward w. White
Sixth circuit John M. llarlan
Sovcnth circuit William R Day
Eight circuit David J. Brower
Ninth circuit Joseph McKenna
NINTH JUDICAL CIRCUIT
(Pacific States and Territories)
Circuit judge William W. Morrow
Circuit judtfe Esklro M. Ross
Circuit judgo William B. Gilbert
U. S. Commissioner for Amador coun
ty Richard Wobb
BENATOHS FltOM CALIFORNIA
George C. Perkins arid Frank P. Flint
CONGRESSMEN FROM CALIFORNIA
First district Wm. Englebrlght
Second district. ..Duncan E. McKinlay
Third distract ...Joseph K. Knowland
Fourth district Julius Kuhn
Fifth district E. A. Hayes
Sixth district James C. Neodham
Seventh district James McLachlan
Eighth district S. C. Smith
State Government.
EXECUTIVE
Governor James N. Gillett
Lieut-Governor Warren R. Porter
Secretary of State. . . .Charles F. Curry
Controller A. B. Nye
Treasurer Wm. R. Williams
Attorney-General Ulyssea S. Webb
Surveyor-General.. Wm. S. Kingsbury
Supt. State Printiug..W. W. Shannon
Clerk Supreme Court. . .F. L. Caughey
TT7DIOARV
SUPREME COUBT
Chief Justice Wm. H. Beaty
Associate Justice ...T. B. McFarland
Associate Justice F. W. Henahaw
Associate- Justice -W. G. Lorican
Associate Justice F. M. Angellotti
Assoctate Justice Lucian Shaw
Associate Ju&tlce M. C. Sloss
APPELLATE JUSTICES
First district ....James A. Cooper
First district. Samuel P. Hall
First district Frank H. Kerrigant
Second district Matthew T. Alfen
Second district James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw
Third district Norton P. Chipinun
ThlJd district Albert G. Burnett
Third district Elijah C. Hart
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
First district Joseph H Scott
Second district Alex Brown
Third district... Richard E.Collins
Fourth district Jeff D. McElyalne
RAILROAD COMMISSION
First district Alex C. Twrin
Second district Andrew M. Wilson
Third district. .Theodore Summurlaud
LEGISLATIVE
Senator, 10th district.. . .A. Camtnettl
Assemblyman. 11th dist..G. P. Snydcr
U. S. LAND OFFICE
[Sacramento]
Register: John F. Armstrong
Receiver VV ill A. Nowcum
County Government.
Superior Judge Hon. R. C- Rust
Sheriff & Tux Colluoioi I.1 '. ..US Gre£orji
Deputy W. T. Connors
District Attorney C. P. Vicini
Cloi-k aud Auditor J. R. Hubei-ty
Deputy L- Newman
Recorder L) A. Patterson
Depu ty L. G. Meohun
Treasurer George A. Gritton
Assessor C. K. Jarvls
Deputy .....' (ieorgo A. Gordon
Surveror Win. Brown
Supt. of Sobola W. 11. Groenhalgh
Supt. Hospital F. 13. LeMoin
Physician E. li. Budioott, M. D.
Corner <fc Public Admr. . .IJ. E. Potter
Court Commissioner. . . .Goo A CJordon
ll(IAIU) OV SUPEUVISOKS
Township 1. . ..John Strohm, Jackson
Township 2W. Amlck, [Chairman] lono
Township 3 A. Grlllo, Volcano
Township 4D. A. Fraser Butter Crock
Township 5 L. Hurke, Plymouth
JUSTICES OP THE PEA CO
Township No. 1 A. Goldnor
Township No. 2 T. 11. Gartlin
Township No. 3 A. W. Roblu«on
Townuhlp N0.4 W. L. Rose
Township No. 6.1 John Dlower
CONSTABLES
Township No. 1 A. Laverone
Township No. a J. B. Kellay
Township No. a T. C. MeKenzo
Township No. 4 T. S. Tuttlo
TownßhlpNo. 5 N. E. Wheoler
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weekly for the Ledger.
The Newest Kotary Engine.— An
Klfnotivo Hat Killer.-A TeH-Every
think Wntcb.— Our Power Reserve.
— I'inctimil Electrlo Agriculture.—
Bunbenm Kovelallons.— Traveler's
Ton.— Explosions from Machine
Beits.
-
l'be gas turbine has made anon in
cent progreaa Unit It promises to take
Its placo na one of the successful
motors. Much mi apparatus requires
n combustion chamber, in which the
temperature rises above 8200 degrees
b\, and from this chamber the pro
duota of the combustion ot liquid
hydrocarbon fuel are delivered at
constant pressure through carborun
dum nozzles to the blades ot the tur
bine, besides a refractory lining of
carborundum, tbe chamber liiih a
water-jacket coil to keep the gases
000 l enough for satety to tbe turbine
blades. Tbe problem of making tli-a
machine Itself supply the compressed
air neederl to feed the combustion
chamber nas heen tentatively solved,
and a large turbine that has beeu
built drives a totary compressor with
an expenditure of about half of its
poiVor, yielding, besides about !iOO
horse-power when running at 4000
revolutions per minute. Some tur
bines ot 120 horse-power hove been
actually put to work, speoial applica
tion having been found in operating
submarine torpedoes. The turbine
alone weighs about 2.8G pounds per
horse power.
A poison having tbe peculiarity of
being fatal only to the rat tribe has
been discovered in tbe English sea
onion or squill. Testing its effici
ency, a Uermau investigator ground
some sea-onions with potatoes, and
fried tbe mixture with fat to crisp
cakes. This food surprised bim by
killing 43 rats in bis stable the Urst
night. Kemaining rodents were shy
on following nights, but after three
months a second trial destroyed 32,
and no signs ot survivors have since
been seen.
The most complicated watch ever
made, the work of Louis Leroy, gives
25 ditferent indication!). It has two
dials, and the meobanism, in four
layers, contains 975 different pieces.
While oo reliable estimate can be
mtiilo of the world's resources in
water power, Dr. Rebbok, of tbe
Technical High School Krederiuiana
in Karlsruhe, concludes that tlw
supply is more than sutMcient for nil
needs now evident. Theoretically,
the energy ot the flowing water's on
tbo earth's surface aggregates 8.U00,
(JUO,OO(),i>iUO borse power, or 113 horse
power per square mile, and 5 horse
power per inhabitant. liven taking
the utili/üble quantity at one
sixteontb of tbe total, an estimate
regarded hs much tuo low there will
0e 500.0U0,000 horso power, or 9 horse
power per square mile, which is ten
timoH as inncri hs the equivalent of
the 1.000,000,000 tons of coal con
sumed iv 1907. Though tl.u world's
supply see ma thus assured, some
countries luivo a defjoienoy, and the
appatently available 2,000,000 to 2,
500,000 harms power iv Uoimuny cau
not meet even the preseut demand.
Not even approximate ligures can be
given for tbe United States, though
tbe following data are supported by
information from the best sources.
New England has developed 1,01)0,01)0
liui'hu power, wtiich may bo ultimate
ly increased to 1,000,000 horsepower;
the (JroHt ljub«H region has 1,250,000
presout horse power, with 4,0u0,000
pussibla; the Piedmont regiou on the
Atliiutic and South Atlantic slope*,
1. 230,000 present, 3,0^0,000 possible;
tbe Central Northwest, 500,000 pre
sent, 1,000,000 possible; tbe Kooky
Mountain ami I'Hcific regions, 1,61)0,'
000 |ii'o.stiiit, 5. 000,000 poesible.
Tbo forcing of wheat and other
crops by electricity bus been carried
ou at Heviugtou, Kug., for three
yeats, under tlie direction of fa sou of
Sir Oliver Lodgo. A plot ot 1 !),'•..
miriiH ia covered by a network foramd
of a number oi Imns ot tituut tele
graph who wltli thin gulvauized iron
ci'o<is-wires, tbe whole supported on
22 larch polos 1!) tent bigb; and h
2 horse power oil engine drives a
dynamo gouerutliig current that it)
transformed to about 100,000 volts,
mid is conuected by the uegative pole
to earth and by the positive to the
overhead wires. A specimen crop is
X),'..; bushels per acre of Cauadiau
wheat f i out llio electrilied area and
only 'JTj l .; fioui neighboring laud— an
iiiuniiidiMl yield of 10 per Cent from
tbe nuw method.
Tbe Hiiuboaui passing obliquely
across our vlsiou iv a darkened room
teveula <i u~t particles whose preseuoe
iv the air would be otherwise unsus
pected, and by a aimilar method of
cross illumination I'rof. Mollbob, of
i'nigiH', htis undo visible to tbo
FRIDAY. AUGUST 14, 11108.
naked eye objects and motions
hitherto n«en only under powerlul
microscope. lianterla are thus
brought to view. With n high power
Instiument Dr. Kobert Urown showed
eighty yours ago that line partloln
suspended In liquid are forever
osoillatlnß, this ao-cnlled "moleoular
motion" liflitiK oppnnlnlly conspicuous
In the {milky sap of tbo Kupborblo,
tho globules ot resin ond caoutchouc
floatlug In which have a maximum
diameter of only l-GO,OOO inch, or
much smaller than most bacteria.
The unaided eye usually perceives
nothing more minute than l-2,UUO
inch. When a drop of tbe sap on a
Rlsss slide is sbiited about In a mm
beam until the proper position Is
found, the molecular motion sudden
ly flashes out as n rapid flickering
and dancing of tho molecules, and
the effect Is particularly brilliant
•vith n black background just behind
the glass. Tbe visibility is probably
due to enlargement of tbo retinal
images by refraction.
Essence of tea Is tho new product
claimed by an Edinburgh firm. Its
preparation is the result of twenty
years ot research, as tbe fixing of tbo
volatile constituents that give tea Its
atoma and cheering qualities has
been a difficult problem to solve, and
bad beeu previously given up/ Tbe
browing ot tbe fragrant beverage now
becomes a matter of dropping a tea
spoonful of esßonce into a cupful of
wntor.
To show how great may be the
generation of statio electricity in
German factories. Prof. M. M.
Kiobter has drawn sparks an innb to
an inch and a half long from a 5 Inch
belt qn a wheel makius 10,000 revolu
tions a minute. The risk of explos
ion in dust or gases eeema to have
been overlooked. Coating with
bronze or aluminum powder prevent
ed statio charges, while a weekly ap
plication of acid-free glycerine was a
remedy and added durability to tbe
leather.
Dlsaoreeable at Home.
Lota of men and women who arc
agreeable with utnera, get "cranky"
at borne. Its not disposition, Ha tbe
livet. If you Und iv yourpelf that
you feel cross around the house, little
things worry you, just buy a bottle ct
liallarrl'a Herbiue aud put your liver
in shape. You and everybody around
you will teel hotter for it. Price Til)
cents per bottle. Sold by Kuuser's
City Pharmacy.
SB FOR OVER SEVENTY TEAKS H
KB, Sehenck'n Mandrako IMIla huva been in ■][
KH ni« while Imitators lmvn appeared and HI
|jB diMiwH-arrd. No medlcnl preparation BMI
»* coiilil liuM lta plico no loug without B9|
re? genuiue merit. S3 l
i SCHEMCK'S MANDRAKE PILLS |
M "Liven the Liver" ||
ffil end roIiRTK Billouanras, Liver Com- H
Pjj i>l»int, IndiceHtion, Coii»ti|«tioii, Sick H
■Jjj Ilifiilurlii', 'Niiiihch, CicliliiieuH, Malaria, K
nfl Hi-iii'll'iini, Flatulency, Jaundice, etc. fcj
R>l Purely Vegetable. Abnolutcly Harmless H
SM Fof Bale Everywhere. Kj
gBI Plain orSii(;ur (.'oated. t^
in 3i;oent«a llox.orby mall* wja
R&L Or. J. H. Schenck & Son, Fa
t^^^ Philadelphia, Pa.
PLACE YOUR SAVINGS
With us and watch them grow.
Our bank pays 4 per cent in-
terest, compounded every six
months, und your money is in
safe hands. $1.00 will start an
uccount. Write u> us today.
Union Safe Deposit Bank
STOCKTON. CAL.
STOCKTON '
:{ CARRIAGE WORKS
Quffiry Tops from $10.00 up,
; Auto Tops from $20.00 ii|»
The bout rubber tirus made, put ';
n on new and old wheels. j>
, Discount t6 tbe trade.
v B, F. PHELAN, Proprietor, !
\l No* 434 I'!. Market street,
II j24ts STOCKTON, Cul. It
IVI V rywo *\j~^\s*^JV_jy_n nr>_rw.r-w- *i_r*r>_n »-L_ri_r>_i-» tJ
Why We Art All Mimics.
"If we iIM not cough In church, th»
bnman race would not exist." And th«
professor, twiddling a piece of chalk
In his hand, regarded the sophomores
*lth a quizzical sinllo.
"What I mean," lie continued, "la
that the cause of coughing Is tbe cause
of our survival. That cause Is mim
icry. Mimicry Is a better life preserver
tbnn fleetness or strength. For by
mimicry we managn not to attract at
tention, and In prehistoric times they
who attracted attention were hunted
down by the tribe and roasted for din
ner or hunted down by the saber tooth
tiger and taken raw.
"Since those dark days mimicry has
boon Instinctive with us. Mimicry is
what causes us to follow the fashions.
It causes us, when In England, to say
'cnwnT and 'lawf.' If your friend
yawns, you yawn— that's, mimicry. If
be laughs, you laugh— mimicry again.
If he unuflles, you snuffle— mimicry.
And If be coughs In church, straight
way you and all the rest of the con
gregation cough, the reason being the
Kame one which saved our forefathers
from extermination."— New York Press.
Famous Floggers.
Among English schoolmasters whose
names have come down to posterity
with the dubious reputation of great
floggem Dr. Busby of Westminster
school Is the generally acknowledged
culef.
Uf him It Is recorded that, ono of bis
bead boys having insulted a young
French viscount who came to the*
school to demand satisfaction, be flog
ged the viscount first for the blood
thirsty intentions and next his friend
who was the bearer of bis challenge.
Dr. Valpy, too, who edited an edition
of the classics, was a potent wielder of
tho rod. Archdeacon Groom, who wns
a pupil of his, tells a story In illustra
tion of his prowess. One of the boys
had been flogged by the redoubtable
dominie, and tbe lad's father came to
complain.
"Sir," said Valpy to him, "I flogged
your son because he richly deserved It.
If he again deserves it, I shall flog
him again, and," rising, "If you come
here. sir. Interfering with my duty I
shall flog you."
The parent fled.
A Famous Architect's Trick.
When Sir Christopher Wren was
building tbe town ball of Windsor, a
fidgety member of the corporation, so
the story goes, insisted that the roof
required further support and desired
the architect to add more pillars. In
vain did Sir Christopher assure him
that the danger was imaginary. He
knew better. The alarm spread, and
the great architect was worried into
adding the desired columns.
Years passed, and in later times,
when architect and patrons were dead,
cleaning operations In the roof re
vealed the fact that the supposed addi
tional supports did not touch the roof
by two inches, though this was not per
ceptible to tbe gazers below.
By this ingenious expedient did Wren
pacify his critics, while vindicating his
own architectural skill to future gener
ations.
I'm Telling You.
Pat Murphy, who was Iv lodgings,
was greatly annoyed by the landlady
helping herself to his provisions. She
began by taking n piece of his butter,
and when I'at came homo she said:
"Pat, I'm taking a little of your but
ter, but I'm not like other landladies—
I'm telling you."
Next day It was an egg. and so on.
Every day there was something taken
find put off with tbe remark, "I'm not
like other landladies— l'm telling you."
Of course there was never any re
duction in Pat's bill. One Saturday his
bill came to a larger amount than
usual. Pat looked at It. bundled up a
few things in his handkerchief, walked
to the door and mild:
"Landlady. I'm sloping. I'm not like
other lodgers— l'm telliug you."—Lon
don Answers.
Beautifully Arranged.
Brown— Well, you've got the' quar
ter. Is your sister coining down?
"I've arranged It beautifully, old
chap. I told her It was you first,
and she said to tell you she was out.
and then I said I was fooling and
that It was Charley Jones, and you
ought to have seen her hustle to get
into n clean shirt waist! She'll be right
down!"
Not Surprised.
Skipper— l n in Inordinately sensitive
to uncougeuhll surroundings, so much
so that the very sfeht of some people
will me v nervous shudder. Chip
per—Oh. well, there arc very few of us
that do not shrink from meeting our
creditors.
No Hitch.
"How did the wcddlns come off to
day?"
"Without n blti'b."
"(Jlitd to hear It."
"I tmld without n bitch. The bride
backed out tit tbe last minute."
Not Written.
"How do you write % born?'" asUoil
the teacher of a imnll boy tit tbe black
board.
"A horn Isn't written at all." an
swered tbe little fellow. "It's blowed."
— Kxchaujje.
Like • Bicycle.
"What does the doctor say Is the
matter with MlnuidyV
"lie says uht> liiih pneumatic tenden
cies und that sin- is threatened with
spiral trouble."-Ualtlmoro American
The man who saves when be baa
little is called stingy, lie that saves
when tie has much U said to be Ju
dleluus.—Chkago itword-Il'Tuld.
ESTABLISH*'.!) 18>5.
AMADOR LEDGER
Published in the Center of tho Richest
Mother Lode Gold Belt.
Printed every Friday Afternoon.
R. Webii, Editor and Proprietor. M. F. Calkins, IJusincss Manager
Tlie OlcLest
3^/Lost XrLfl-a.en.tia,l
ILvllost TTTldLOlzr Circ-ULla/ted,
Paper published in Amador County.
The Best Advertising Medium
Republican is politics
But the slave of no party
And the foe of all political and Official Cliques and Rings
Free and Independent in the discussion of al' matters pertaining to
to the Local Government
Fearless in the ventillation and exposure of Official Wrong Doing
The Paper for the Family
For the Farmer
For the Miner
For the Merchant and Business Man r 1
For the Taxpayers and Citizens^Genera' 3
TwolDollars per year
If paid strictly in advance; otherwise $2.50 will be charged.
OUR CLUBBING RATES:
Ledger and Dally Cull, ono year!B 9 00 Leuijer and Weekly Chicago In-
Leclgsr and Weekly Call one year 320 t^-Ctean
T - a-n n r>\ ii Lidffer and Cosmopolitan Maga-
Le&ter and Daily Chronicle, one ilDe> ono year M ■ ; 2 ,- 5
yeUl '"' 9 00 Lodger and McCall's Magazine, 1
Lecger end Weekly Chronicle, year, including free pattern 2J50
ono y ear 3 co Ledger and Pandex of the Press 2 75
Ledger and Daily Examiner lyear 900 J Ledger and Pictorial Roviow "2 50
Our Job Printing Department
Is tho most Completo to bo found int the mountains.
Up-to-date presses, Simplex Typesetting Machine, Folder, Perforating
Machine, Numbering aud Punching Machines.
ITOHi MAPMIM!
We buy our paper stock from Manufacturers at Bottom prices.
Billheads, Letter Heads, Statements.
Pamphlets, Posters, Dodgers,
Checks, Receipts, Tags,
Business and Visiting Cards,
.Programs, Etc.
All kinds of Legal Blanks, Briefs und Transcripts printed promptl.y|au<l
neatly. In short, wo cau do anything in the printing line
We Can an Do Compete with City Trees.
If you have anylhiiiir iu the printing Hue, don't send it away but pat
ionize home industry
78
LOCAL EDITORIAL COLUMN.
REGULAR REPUBLICANS THE VICTORS.
At the primaries held last Tuesday throughout the state,
compulsory in all cities having a population of ten thousand
or over, the regular republicans scored a decisive victory over
the faction known as the Lincoln-Roosevelt league. The
fight was to elect delegates to the stnte taiid '-district conven
tions with the view of controlling the next legislature, and
thereby elect one of their own crowd as United States senator
to succeed Perkins. There was a bushel of selfishness for
every grain of disinterestedness in the league movement,
and as the critical time drew near the voters began to get
their eyes open to the motives prompting the league manipu
lators. The leaguers were sucessful in Berkeley, Oakland,
Fresno, Humboklt, San Luis Obispo, and maybe Contra
Costa, with, the balance of the state lined up almost solidly
against them. It is well the republican voters jumped on
the movement with both feet, and flattened it out so thorough
ly that it is not likely to give any further trouble during the
campaign. Now that the political atmosphere has been
cleared of this overhanging cloud, republicans will be able
to get together aud work harmoniously to roll up an old
time majority for Taft aud Sherman.
Destructive forest fires have been uncommonly numerous
this season. They have been raging in every part of the state,
causing an immense loss in the destruction of property other
than dry grass aud standing timber. It may seem strange
in face of the present stringent state and federal laws lor
protection of forests, aud the presence of an armj' of rangers
to enforce the laws and guard against fires, that these sweep
ing conflagrations should be apparently increasing instead of
decreasing. It should be remembered,. however, that we have
had a phenomenally long-continued hot spell, following an
unusually dry winter. During exceptionally hot summers
it would be something out of the ordinary if brush fires were
not more frequent than under other circumstances. Their
occurrence' does not necessarily imply inefficiency on the part
of officials charged with the oversight of such matters. And
such fires are not always attributable to the carelessness of
campers or hunters. Nature herself can, aud -does, play
the role of incendiary under certain conditions. Still there
can be no question that most of them are brought about by
human agency, with carelessness as a leading factor. When
they do occur, however, officials and private citizens should
work together harmoniously under some intelligent head for
their extinguishment. When the fire fiend is abroad in his
fury, it is no time to haggle over red-tape rules issued from
Washington. Hard, common sense is an infinitely better
reliance than a volume of general rules issued thousands of
miles from the danger lines. In Calayeras county much
friction is reported to have occurred between the forest service
officials and local fire-fighters. The latter wanted to back
fire in accordance with methods which long experience had
taught them to be most effective. The officers, on the other
hand, wanted to adhere strictly to the formulated rule that
back-fires should not be started at a greater distance than
sixty feet from the fire line. If such a rule does exist, it is
about as absurd as anything that could be imagined, and
men would necessarily have to expose themselves to fearful
risks in attempting to comply with it. An official in com
mand of a fire-fighting crew should 'have full discretionary
powers, and not be hampered by anything in the shape of
red-tapeism.
Judging from the showing made at the primaries this week
the democratic party in California is not going to much of r
figure in the cdiriiug election — except to reveal its weakness
In man}' precincts they failed to make a showing, and ever
in cities where the McNabb and Bell forces struggled for con
trol the vote was comparatively small.
W. ROSS
1 FASHIONABLE TAILORI
q) \ _ [ (o
Finest Stock of Woolens and
Fabrics ever brought t<) Jackson
First-class Workmanship Guaranteed.
Mr Ross has also, at treat expense, learned the business of
Cleaning, Pressing and Dyeing, and is prepared for cleaning
of Suits, Silks, Satins, etc. Hats cleaned and blocked by
most improved method, not commonly ueed by Tailors.
Open on or about Saturday, August Bth. .
' MAIN STREET, JACKSON.
In building formerly occupied by Max Ladur. l'liono, IJlack 5531
FOREST FIRES.
AMADOU 'IjEDGKK, JACKSON, CAL.
She Lost Her Shoe.
While in Samoa Robert Louis Ster*n.
son nnd lila wife In n grout measure
did ns the Romans dld-that Is to say,
ns the Samonns did. !t was Louis'
custom to ile abed Inte of n morning
nnd spend the remnlndcr of the time
under n true nn Hie hill Ctltd in light
pujninns. the dress of th« nntlv«» Kn<
nnkn. With his wife It wuh (he MtJi*
Stays were unknown to her nnd n carl-
Ing Iron n tilth recollection of n shady
pnst. It wns while Stevenson and his
wife were living tit Apl:i. Hi Samoa,
(lint Mr. tle.vwodd jVfli nppolnted con
sul there for this country. Shortly
nfter lilh nrrlrnl In the country he ar
ranged for ii reception to the English,
German nnd American residents of the
country that they tnljrht moot him In
his official capacity nnd be them as
"citizens of Samoa." Of course nn in
vitation was sent Robert Louis Steven
son and his wife. Two days before the
date of the function Mr. Ileywood wns
surprised to receive a note from Mr.
Stevenson sent by courier. The note
read ns follows: S'-
Mr«. Robert Louis Stevenson nnd Rob
ert Louis Stevenson accept Consul He)'
wood'a Invitation with plnnsuro nnd as
sure him that they will be present on Ihu
evening of the KM If by that time Mm.
Stevenson finds her other shoo. Ever
thine. ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.
Ancient Fashion Jargon.
The language of the fashion plate
and the woman's paper Is sufficiently
appalling to the mere man even In
these, days of emancipated nnd, we
may presume, more grammatical wom
anhood: but, according to an extract
from n fashion journal of 1757, the jar
gon of those days was even more ns-,
toundiug. This is how the paper de
scribed the dress of a certain Mile. D.
at the opera:
"She appeared in a dress of 'stifled
sighs.' ornamented with 'superfluous
regrets,' the bodice cut in a 'perfect
candor' point and trimmed with 'in
discreet complaints.' Her hair was
dressed fn 'sustained sentiments.' with
a headdress of 'sustained conquest,'
oruamented with several 'flyaways'
and 'downcast eye' ribbons, and her
collar was 'beggar on horseback' color. 1 '
No doubt all these marvelous terms
conveyed some meaning to the fash
ionable woman of the days when
French society danced on the edge of
the volcano of 1759, but to their de
scendants of toduy they have abso
lutely no meaning.
The First Hello Girl.
They were seated around a tnble
in ti well known cafe, and the conver
sation bad turned upon the develop
ment of the flying machine and other
fruits of the inventive genius of the
day.
"Tut. tnt:" exclaimed a solemn faced,
lantern jawed member of the party.
"What of It? The old folks were not
so slow. Look at tho telephone, claim
ed as a modern invention. Why. say,
it's the. oldest on record."
"You better see your doctor. What's
the matter with you?" asked another.
"Oh, I mean it," said the solemn
faced man. "Telephone service dates
back to the garden of .Eden— that's
where it originated. The garden's
••all was 2-8-1 Apple."
Tlipn lie dodged the remnant of n
sandwich, reached for his hat and was
gone. — New York Globe.
Tho Insufferablo Anticipation.
A young Scotch emigrant was
brought before tlie magistrate of a
Novn Scotja court, charged with bnv
in^ deserted his work on 11 certain
farm without giving due notice to his
employer. When asked what he hail
to say In his defense, lie replied, "Weel.
they gletl vie uout hut brakes!i:iw to
<\-it." Bfiikesliaw, it. umy be explained,
H the lii'sh oC animals which have died
a 11:1! ura I death. "How was that?"
j:w!:ed the 111 ligtet rate. • I . l A'eel, It wns
iii!s ut.v. Ye ken. the auld coo deed
a:i' we ate it, the auld ston (gaiider)
iloi'd iiii' we ate It. the, auld soo (sow)
<!ci«:l iiu' \\v lite It. the auUl bubble jock
tlee.l an* «v ate it. Then the old wo
man deed—tin' I left."— licllmnn.
Hindoo Confectionery.
Like the American girls. Hindoo
t?hls niv passionately fond of sweet
tilings. Oik> of their caudles, nudii. is
very much like our plain sugar candy.
It is made of sugar and milk -and Ma
voivd with attar of roses. Buddhlku
hal. or biilr of Buddbii' Is oue of their
most popular sweetmeats. It is sf>
railed because It Is In tine, loug Htl'jnss
Ilkn vermicelli. This Is made of sugar
and cream from bu£falo"s milk, which
1b exceedingly rich.
I
The late Bishop T. U. Dudley of
Kentucky declared that he was indebt
ed to n mountaineer of that state for
the most uugrnuiinaticul sentence be
ever heard. This la it:
A Queor Twist.
"Them three Alias Wake are three of
as pretty a gal as 1 ever see."
Beau Brummel Reprimanded.
Beau Brumrael once Insolently re
plied to nn invitation to take tea by
remarking that he never "took" any
thing but physic.
"Yes, you do," frowned his hostess;
"you take liberties."
Playful Otters.
Otters aro the most playful of all
the animals, romping, wrestling, play-
Ing tug of war with a stick Instead of
a rope and sliding downhill on a slip
pery lucllue of mud wbicb they make
themselves.
Why, Indeed?
Robert Lowe once watched a deaf
friend listening to a most tremendous
bore with his ear trumpet. "Why,"
Lowe wondered aloud— "why contend
against natural advantages?"
Rilver Is of lons vnluo than gold,
pnld riniii virtue — Hnfnep, ,•
Church Notes.
Order of flervlcea at the Methodist
Episcopal church na follows: Sun
day school nf. 10 a. m., preaching ner*
vlcos every Sunday to commence at
11 n. nt. and ?:!!0 p. in., prayer
meeting ovety Wednesday at 7:30 p.
in. lbe public) Is cordially invited to
attend these services.
KI'ISCUIW Li.
liegular gervicen will be field In St.
Ausustiuo's Kplscopal church «b
follows:
11 h. ni. — Klr&t nnd third Sunday
in each month.
7:!)0 p. in.— Snmmd and fourth Sun
day in each month.
A Faithful Friend
"1 hove used Chamberlain's colic,
cholera and diarrhoea remedy since
it wns that introduced to the public
in 1872, aud have uever found one In
stntice where a cure was not speedily
effected by its use. 1 have buen a
commercial traveler for eighteen
yenrs, and never start out on a trip
without this, my faithful friend,"
xnyg 11. S. Nichols of Oiikhind. lnd.
l'er. When a man has usod a remedy
tor thirty-live yeara he knows itn
value and Is competent to speak ot It.
for sale by Jaokson's drug store,
Siiguoll, prop. ;
City Finances.
i'he flnanoinl report of thn city
clerk for the six months euding July
1, shows that the total receipts were
837712.5U, ot which SliilG.&O wbb for
etroet poll taxes, S'illf) for licensee,
aurl 82(10 for recorder's lines.
The disbursements for tho G months!
were 31U13.26. The balance in the
treasury July 1 was S43(JG.(JI As the
property taxes will be coming in at
odco tbla balnnce- will be increased
durius the next month or so by about.
83,000. Outside of tho salary ac
count, tho principnl items of expouse
wore 8809.02 lor team hire; 8772. 77 fo>
labor; 8110 for water, and CGBii.SU for
street lights. ,
Active at -87.
Th'S wo lid bo unusual news if men
and women would keep tbem&olros
tree from rheumatism aud all aches
aud pains us well us keeping tlioir
muscles aud joints iimbor with
Mallard's Snow Liinimenfc. Hold by
lluhser'H City l'haimauy.
!'■■" '';'*'■' Jf :*y.'~; .;"';'*.*';';'.' ; * '* '• .* '■ ■ ■ C'^'C ''J3t: L3 -A""*
r 0 -n « H
) eo t-ia f:m, i.i C.c rw«ri M ij
<,] .wcticra evtrrwhere «c 2 r ]
I Levi Strauss & Go's |
£ Copp:r Rivttcd Overall \ I
\i the mos: cTcpcndtblc, k]
Notice for Publication.
. , Serial JNo. 0100, V '.;"'.
Department of the Interior,";
U.S. Lund Olb'co at Sacramento, Cnlif.'j
August 4, -1908.
Notice is hereby givon that lieorge
S. Kulo. of Volcano, Amador county,
California, who on, August 20th, I'JIW,
mado homestead entry, No. '(57SJ, tor
NMiOt Slfijjf and 8)4 o£ Nli^ of Sec-
tion 24, Township 7 N., Hauge 11 K,
Mt. Diablo Meridian, has lilofi notico
of intention to muUe final livo year
proof, to establish ulaim to tbfi laud
abovo described, before the U. S.
Commissioner, at.lacksou, Californln,
on the 14th day of September, IUOS.
C aimanl nariiua sis witnesses:
O. M. Henry, W. Lessiey, C. IJ.1 J .
Jordnu. of. Volcano, California; War-
rou Harniltou, of Sutter Creek.
JOHN ii'. AKMSTKONd;
Kcgistor.
e •
0 O
}BY MAIL I
10. U
i o *
e The Stockton Saviugs and •
• Loan Hooiety with resouroea o
J of ti1, 000, 000. 00 otfera every g
« lulility for doiug a banking s
• business by mail. Checks •
2 taken payable irr any part of J
a the United States. Our ays- «
• tern ot banking by mail •
JJ practically .brings this great *
■ bunk to your door. To open •
• an account with us, place $
• the amount you wish to start z
a within on envelopo addressed $
• to us nud by return mail you •
5 will receive a bank book J
a showing the amount of your a
• deposit. The Uuited States •
2 mails; are safe and no oue *
a ever lost a dollar' in this way. *
o We solicit the accounts of •
2 farmers, business men .and JJ
a ' others and assure them court- «§
• eous aud liberal treatment. o
• •
e •
a . i •
• Kindly mention this Paper •
• * •
J Sond for froo Booklet. •
° mm~~-~m—~~*~ u *
S STOCKTON SAVINGS S
I AND LOAN SOCIETY •
0 •
• Stockton, California. J
: s
• ••••aOOSIO>»«89«*OC*MI*»
Notice tor Publication. 2210
Department of the Interior—
C.H. Land Otlice at Hacramentn, Calif.
.luno 8, ISIDH.
Notice Is hereby given that Agnes
M. Knnb, of lone, Calif., who on May
'«!!», liiOH, made timber and atone mvorn
fetntement No. JWIO, tor h\% of NWM
nud 8)^ of NK^ Kectlon !J5, Township
8 N., iiaoge 14 K., Mount Diablo mer-
idian, has filed notice of intention to
nmko flnal proof to netablisb claim to
the land above desoribed, before the
Meßlater and Receiver at U. S. Land
Ofllce In, Hacramento, Culil., on the
2Gth day of August, 1008.
Claimant names.as witnesses: Kosalia
Kruli, of lone, .Calif. I'. Dernardia,
of Sinter Creek, Calif., B, Al. Culhert
nnd T. A. Chiohizola, of Amador City,
Calif.
JOHN F. AUMBTKONU,
jnl'J-td Register.
Notice for Publication
IMI2
Uepattment of the Interior—
U.S. Laud Oflliio at Nacnimonlo, Calif.
June 15, 11)08.
Notice ia hereby given that Thomaa
A. Cbichizola, of Amadoi Cily,
Calif., who, ou June 10, 1008, inarlo
timber nnd ptoue sworn st.atemeut,
No. 22V2, for 8)^ of NW}^; HWJ( of
NKI4 nud NW}^ of SW»iC. Section 8,
Townahip 7 N., Range ii li., Mount
Diablo Moridiau, has filed notice nf
intention to make final proof, to
establiah claim to the land above
described, before tbe Kegiater and
Receiver al; U. 8. Land Office in
Sucmmentn, Calit, on the 125 1. h day of
August, 1908.
Claimant nnmen as witnesses:
Frederick Rabb of Sutter Creek,
Calif., E. M. Culbert ot Amaclor City,
Calif., William lirown of Oleta,
Cnlif., and V. J. Cliichizoln of Jack-
Bon, Calif.
JOHN K ARMSTRONU,
joiy , Register.
Notice for Publication.
Department of the luterior—
U.S. Land Office at Sacramento, Calif.
Jnne 8, l!)08.
Notice is hereby given that Ida
Moflett, of Portland, Oregon, who,
on May 14, IiJOU, mado .timber and
stone KWorii i-lntnint'iir, No. 2202, tor
the NEK Ot 8K 1 4, Section :?; Ny.i ot
SWK and tito% of SW^", Section'.',
Township 7 Ni, Kaugo 11 K., Mount
Umblo Meridian, hns filed notico of
intention to make Dual proof, to
e&tnbliab claim to tho land above
described, before the Register and
Receiver at U. S. Land Oftlco in
Sacramento, Calif,, on the '20th duy
Of AIIRUBt, I'JCS. ,
Claimant names ns witnesses: T. A.
Chichizola, of .Amudor City, Calif.;
(.!. C. Hrnce, of West Point, Calif.,
tius. Petterson and Charles Krickson,
of Portland, Oregon.
JOHN P. ARMBTRONU,
jo 12-td Kegister.
Notice for Publication.
221)9
- Department of the Interior—
U. H. Luud Olliv-eat Hncrameuto, Calif.
June S, l!)08.
Notico is hereby given that Rosalia
Hanb of loue, Calif., who, ou May
2'J, 1908, made timber and stono
sworn statement. No. 2209, for Sl'JJ'4,
Sectiou !!u, Township 8 N , Range 14
K., Mount Uianlo Meridian, lias Hied
notice of iutention to mnke final
proof, to establish claim to the kind
nbove described, botore tbra Register
aud Receiver at U. S. Laud Ollico iu
Siicramonto, (jalif., ou tbo 2(ith day
of August, 1908. x
Claimant names as witnesses: Agnes
M. Raul) of lone, Calif., 11,I 1 , iiernardis
of Sutter Creek, Calif., Jd. JM. Cul-
bert and T. A. Chiuuizolu of Amador
City, Cnlif.
JOHN V. ARMSTRONG,
jel2-td Register. ,
Notice for Publication.
" 2208
Department of the Interior—
17. 5. Luud Office at Sacrameutu iCalit.
.luno 8, 1908.
Notice ia hereby givon that Julius
Chiohizola ot Amador City, Calif.,
who, on Juno 11, 11)08, made timber
aud stoDO sworn statement No. 12208
for tho SWJ2 of Shi %\ SK of BWJ£
section 3, aud NW^ of NW^ Section
10, Township 7' N., Raugo 11 E. ,
Mount Diablo Moridiau, lias filed
notice of iutentiou to muko liual
proof, to establieb cluim to the land
above described, before the Register
and Receiver at I). S. Land Oltice in
Sacrnmento. Calif., ou tho 2<Jth day
Of August, 1908.
Cluimaut names aa witnesses: Paul
Kraucescoui and Ed. M. Culbert of
Amador City, Calif., Fred Rabb of
Sutter Creuk, Calif., and William
Hrowu of Oleta, Calif.
JOHN V. AKMSTHONU;
je 12-td Register.
Notice for Publication.
2-201
Department of the luterior— '
U.S. Laud Ofllce at Sacramento, Calif.
Juno 8, l'JOB.
Notice ia hereby given that Fred L.
Ericksou. of Siin Kraucisuo, Calif.,
who, on. May 22, ISJOB, made timber
aud at oiio .sworn statement, No. 2204,
for tbe'E# of N\V#; SVV^ of NWJtf
aud NE'4 of SVV> 4 ', Sectiou 11. Town
ship 7 IS'., litingo 11 K., Mouut Diablo
Meridian, has filed notice of iuten-
tiou to muke final proof, to establish
claim to . the laud above described,
before the Register and Rocoiver at
U. S. Land OtHoe iu Sacrameuto,
Calif., ou the 21tb day of August,
1908. ,;, -■ ■
Claimant narnqa ps., witnesses: Oust
Jjiudquiat, of Sun Kruiutiticn, Calif.,
(1. C. Uruue ot^West'l'oint, Calif.,
Charles Krlcksou aud J. P. Motl'ott,
ot I'ortland, Oregon.
JOHN V. ARMSTRONU,
je 12-td Registor.
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^r . y/ff^"j rf' "*
Signature of L/LaStfflccZc/U&t
Notice for Publication.
12207
bojinrtninnl. of MiO liilcrlnr —
V.H. Lund Oillceat Sacramento, Calif.
Jnne 8, Him.
Notice ia hereby glTen that Victor
J. Chicbizola, of .Inckflon, Cnlif.,
who, on June :t, 1908, made timber
and atone sworn otatenietit, No. 2207,
for tbe JN«£ of NlflW and N)i ol NW^,
Section 0, Township 'l N.', Range U
H., Mount Diablo Meridian, haa filed
notice ot inieution to make dual
proof, to establish claim to thn land
above denoiirwd, before the Register
him!, Keceirnr nt U. S. Land Ofllce in
Hacramento, Calit., ou the 2(ith day
of August WOS.
Claimant namen us witueaaea: I. 'an l
I'lT.iicoHiuuii and i'ld. M. Culbert, of
Amador City, Calif., I'rod Rabb ot
Sutter Creek, Calif., aud William
llrown of Oletu, Calif.
John k AKivarisoNo,
Je 12-td •■:■:.-'- y Kelgater.
Notice for Publication.
220G
Department of the Interfor—
U.S. Laud Otfico at Hacrauieuto, Calif.
June 8, 1008. <
Notice is lieroby given that William '
K. I'rotboro, of Aniarloi' City, Cnlif.,
who, on May 27, IDOB. mnde timber
and Btono sworn stntemout No. 2200,
for the N^ of BE#} Sl'J'^ ot NEW
aud JNEJi ot SW'if, Sectiou 1, i'owu-
ship 7 JN., Rnngo H E,, Mount Diablo
Meridian, lias tiled notice of inten-
tion to mako final proof, to establish
claim to the land above described,
before tho Roflistor aud Ifeceiver at
U. H. Land Ollico in Sucramonto,
Unlit 1 , on tbo 2lth day of August 1908.
Cluimaut uumes aa witnesses: C.
lllizo and l.'i 11. Cook, ot Volcano,
Calif., Frank Knowiton and A. Piui
of Amador City, Calif.
JOHN K ARMSTKOMJ,
je 12-td . Register.
Notice for Publication'.
2205
/ Department of tho Interior—
U.S. Laud Ofllce at Sacramento, Cal it".
June 8, ISJOB.
Notice is hereby given tbufc (Just
Lindquist, of San i'raucisco, Calif.,
who, ou Muy 22, 1908, rnurlo timber
and stone sworn statement, No. 2205,
for iN'KU'i Section 12, Township V N..
Mango' 14 E, Mount Diablo Meridian,
hus riled notice ot intention to maktt
final proof, to establish claim to tbe
land aboVo described, before tbo
Register and Receiver at U. S. Luud
Olli<;o iu Hncramento, Calif., on tbe
iilth clay ot August, IUOB.
Claimant umuus as witnessos: G.. C.
liriico of West Point, Cnlif., Fred
Erickson, of Sau Francisco, Calif.,
(}. Patterson mid J. i\ JMoffelt ot
Porllaud, Oregon.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
jo I'^tri Register.
Notice for Publication. 2200
Department of the Interior— ;
U.S. l^and Oliice at Sacramento. Cnlif.
June 8, VMS.
Notico is lioreby given that Metu J.
J'JrickMju, of Portland. Oregon, who,
ou May 11, l!J08, made timber aud
stone sworn statement, No. 2200, tor
tbo aWJ4 of.JNE^ and lots 1, 2, aud
ii, Section 2, Township 7 N., liaugo 14
hi.*, Mount JJmblo meridian, has tiled
uotico nt intention to nmko liual
pruut, to establish claim to tho limci
above described; before tho Register
aud Receiver at. U. S. Land (Jttice iu
Sacrniiieuto, Calif., on the SJOth duy
ot August, 1908.
Claimant names us witnesses: 11.I 1 .
Cliichizoln, gf Amador City, Calif.,
U; C. Urnce, of Wost Point, Calit.,
James P. Motfett aud tlus. Pettersou,
of Portland, Oregon.
JUHN i' 1 . ARMSTKONU,
jo 12-td Register.
Notice for Publication. 2201
Department of the Interior—
U.S. Laud Oltica at Sacramento. Calif.
June 8. 1908.
Notice is boroby given that James
P. Motfett, of Portland, Oregon, who,
ou May IJ, 190S; made timber, aud
stone sworn statement, No. 2201, for
the SK l 4 ' of NK'i; N>o of SE'4 uud
HWJ^ or SKI-4, Sectiou 'J, Township 7
N., Xtaaga Ii ri, Mount Diablo Meri-
dian, lias filed notice of iutentiou to
make final proof, to establish claim
to tbe laud above described, before
the Register and Receiver at U. S.
Laud OilJce m Sacramento, Culif., ou
the 20th day of August, IUOB.
Claimant uuuiua as witnesses: T. A.
Ohiishizola, ut Amador City* Calif.,
U. C. liruce, ot West Point, Calif.,
(iua. Pettersou aud Charles Krioksou,
of Portland, Oregou.
JOHN b. ARMSTRONG.,
jo 12-td Register.
Notice for Publication. 2199
Department of the Interior —
U.S. Lund Otlica at Sacramento, Culif.
Juuu 8, 11)08.
Notice is hereby given that Charles
Kricksou, cf Portland, Oregon, who,
on Muy 11, 1008, made timber and
htono sworu Htatemeut, No. 21U'.), tor
lots :i and i uud S^ ot KW)^, Sectiou
1, Township 7 N, Range 14 JO, Mouut
Diablo meridian, bus tiled notice of
iutentiou to mako final proof, to
etstublisb claim to the laud above de-
scribed, before tbe Register aud
Receiver at U. S. Land Otlice iu
Sacramento, Calif., on tho 20tb day
of August, 11)08.
Claimant, mimes as witnesses: T.
Chichizola, of Amador City, Calif.,
O. C. liruoe, of West Point, Calif., J.
P. Moll'ott uud tius. Pettersou, of
Portland, Oregou.
JOHN I' 1 . ARMSTRONG,
je 12-td Register.
Team and Buggy
HARNESS
All hand sewed.
A. BASSO.
Ma in st., Jackson