OLDEST PAPER
LARGEST CIRCULATION
It Faya the Bnaineti Man to Advtr
tl c in the Ledger.
Established October 27, 1855.
LAWYETIS.
lyitt. (t. HNVtlKlli
Atlorncjr.iit-I.ntv,
JACKSON, CAL.
omco In Marolia Huildlng, Court ntrcet.
Will prtkotleo In all tho courts of tho ntato, fa
DOCTORS.
■Tjl K. HNDICOTT, M, I».
l'hjmlolnn und Surgeon
'.','' Jackson, Cau
offlco: Wobb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all Minns,
rye. ruKi> r. spbagitb
I'liynlclnn and Surgeon
JACKSON. CAL.
OfPicK— Noxt door to residence, north Main
strout, opposite California hotel.
Telephone Main :\2
IT\lt. A. SI. OALL
I'liyiilclan nn<l Surgeon
Jackson, Cat,
' onico In Marella building, Main Street.
/^1 IT. UIIIItONH M. ».
riiynlclan und Surpoon
Jackson, Cal.
Offlco and residence: Weil building.
Opfick Houh.s:— 2 to4 p. m. and whenever
not otherwise engagol. Telephone Main 20.
T> S. GOODMAN HI I>.
I'liyslrian mill Surgeon
Sutter Crekk, Cal.
"t\k. l.'oj lynch
Physician and Surgeon
Tel omce> Maln2o
Residence, Main 27
Amador City, Cal.
DENTISTS.
3. D. POOARTY ,lh MABTIN
T\KS. FOQARV & MAKTIV,
\J
(Successors to Dr. C. A. Horrick)
/ DentlHts,
JACKSON, CAL.
• Ofllcos in Kay Building, Main street.
Hours 9to 5, Telephone Black 383
T\lt. .JOHN A. UELUCUIII
DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
OfKICR llodbs :— From 9 a. m. to & V. ra. •
-piCIIAKU WEIIII
United States Commissioner
JACKSON CAL.
Will attend to Hoinestoad and other Qltngs;
taking of final proofs and all other Land
Business.
Deeda and other legal documents drawn up.
The A. Van derNailen School
Of Civil, Electrical Mining Engineering, etc.
ESTABLISHED 1881.
Occupying their own large bullulng, work-
shop and laboratories.
Oreat demand for ex-students in all lines.
Now students should enroll at once.
TELEGRAPH AND 51st,
OAKLAND, CAL. my 18
Send for'Catalogue.
t.. OBTTINOER 8. N. KNICJIIT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutter Creek, Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OP
latest and most approved pattenm, and
ull kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every doscrlptlon
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice. We desire to call tbe attention
of blacksmiths and otber workers In Iron to the
faot tbat we keep constantly on band a large
and oomplete stock of bar, retlned and Norway
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street. Jaokaoa
Dealer In —
AMERICAN WATCHES. CLOCKS JEffilW*
AND SILVERWARB
*i All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of w&tohei, Clooks and jewelry
vpeolaltv.
Amador Ledger.
JACKSON. AMADOU COUNTY. CALUTOttN IA. ifHTDAY. JULY v 10. 1 905.
Board of Supervisors.
Tbo bonrd ol' tmpnrvisor.M mot Mon
day; nil the mombots prosont.
MinuttiM of the last mooting wero
Kind mi id approved.
(J Tho following clniiiiH wero nllowed
mid ordoied pnld.
Jlospitnl fund—
KH I'll.olh, but in), otc. - 8 14 00
Jacksuu CJaa Co., gas - • '10 f>U
H Uiuocohio & Jiro., clothing 1H 80
KUlnoccliio & liio., supplies (i 15
Nettle & Olver, fmit, uto. - 17 45
Mrs C JjUUßhorst, mipplios - .'l7 75
O 1j Thomas, mont • - 7U VI
F Al Wbitmoro, lumber - 12 71
lone Livery Httiblo, onnvoyance 700
J Urillo, . N ■ ■ - - tj 00
Vola & Plccardo, supplies • 1 "h
Mrs AI A L'roKloau, cook - UO 00
Warroll Alftf. Co., supplies - (JO 00
Mrs J Turner, washing - 8 00
U Onoto Co., vegotablos - H 70
Lfrignole Kstnto Co., paint - '2 00
Ham J.'liuar, ehnemaking - fj 53
Amador \<l K& h Co., 'lights - 500
Henry LiohorKUo, oouveyanco - 200
tipngnoli Drug Co., drugs - 12 00
Alis C Kichtmyer, water - 7 00
l'aoillo Tel it.Tei Cu., pbonca - 2 .'ls
P L Casainelli, groceries - 175 OH
Jobn Steiner, exprossage - 1 50
Mrs Al Turner, nurse - - 3 00
Vli Lemoiu, superintendent - GO 00
Mrs I' 1 U Lemoiu, matron - SO 00
E hi Endicott, pbysioian - CO 00
Current expense —
Oueil & Fodesto, livery - 8 7 50
C L Culbort, deHk - , - 10 00
I' L Cassinelli, supplies - 15 00
LJ Ulavinovich, " - - 305
Joseph Vigna, janitor work - 500
J X Kelloy conveyance - 15 00
Jackson (Jna Co., gas - J5 00
t'W Packer, watchman - 10 00
L tl Newman, reports - 'M '00
bam Pbenr, exprcssage - 1 !)2
Cireen & Katto, livery - 2 00
L H Newman, typewriting - 250
C F Curry, cqi tilled copy - a 50
(Jarbariui Bros., repairs - 5 50
Amador E 1-C & L Co., lights - il 00
11 Kx'ottui, inquest - - 10 79
H E Potter, " - - 22 00
Bilviua <& Bchoeubacker.supplles 15 00
Wm Goiug, janitor •• - 70 00
Airs Al Going, washing - 3 50
(' I'j Parker, oxpressage - 12 10
Alrs»C Kicbtmyer, water - G 00
J Waddell et al, coyote bounty 40 00
V Prouty, blue jay bounty - 120
County ollicers, postage - 22 00
U S Gregory, bid. of prisoners 03 00
U S Gregory, traveling exp. - 15 00
E Ginocohio & liro., supplies - 45 (JO
Warrell Mrg. Co., " GO 00
Pacific Tel & Tel Co., phones - 27 10
IJ A Fraser, mileage - - 8J
L J Glavlnovich, deputy assessor 30 00
Fred Kabb, jail iont - - 7 50
Chas Gorman, allowance - 20 00
Vela & Piccardo - - - 22 35
WAI Amick, mileage - - 240
L Burke, ' " . - 2*40
Keoorder Pub. Co., supplies - 15 00
Koad District No 1. — F Fregulia,
labor 818, J Briguardelli 3, Peter
Lafranoh 4, Garbarini Uros, black
smithuig 10 40; J Bastian, labor 12,
John Flaherty 21, John Podesto 8, H
Clark 24, A Picoardo 100, J Canonica
6, T Lemin 12, Tom Alaher 30, J
Ghigleri 10, X Davalle 2, Alfied
Dufrene 10, John Dabovich 12, Wm
Speer 2. J Griffin 30, Johu A Barker
8 20, M Vasliovich 12, G W Kelley 30,
Chas Uibbert 24, P M Whitmore
estate, lumber 5.45.
Koad District No 2.— D Stewart,
supplies 81.00, Wll Langford labor
lli«. .
Koad District No. 3-Claud Wilson,
labor 811, Geo .Schroder et al 88,
Henry Schroder supplies 4.80, X O
McKean 10, Griff Oeuend et al, lake
road 471.40,|K00c0 Molinarl, labor 20,
Griff Deneud et al 11, A Buiton 8, J
P HaiKui- 10, . J B Detrich 4, Geo
Sbetford 2, U Lotstad 2, NC Williams
3, Pigeon Bros., supplies 4.35.
Koad District No. 4— X E Jjodoux,
labor 82, G Al Waeobter 21, A W Darl
ing 0, P Uaribaldi 75, G W Stylos 5,
W 11 Norton 1), 11 Hcboenmaker 2, 11
Cook 07.24, D Feuiti 10. Louis
Monteverdi 2, Amador County L
Co., lumber 12.01.
Koad District No. 5— D Buiko
labor 925, J Crusou 12, Al iiardigau
10, L Valla et al 6, P F Van dm pool
2, W 11 Blakeley 0, P Labadie 4, J
Davis supplies 23, J 10 Brown 9.20.
Waiter Hall 3, G Upton 13, 1 Long 4.
General road fund— L Grittith, lum
ber 812.80. ".>•'
Hillary fund— John titrohm, W M
Amitik, A Gilllo, D A Frasor, and L
Burke eaoh $23 as road oomuiisßiou
era; W 11 Greouhaigb, board of educa
tion 97.40. John KWylie9f.4O, Ibos
IJ Davis 08.20, Alien 10 Gartlin 95.80,
(ieo F Alack G9.C5.
Aid to half orphans-
Ella (iriKoi, 1 half orphan •10 25
Hilda Kruegor, 1 •• ," • 025
Eliza Hohoendorf, 1 •' 0 25
Kmlly Loncb, 4 ! "' ' 20 W
Mrs LU liyncr, il " • 15 00
Airs M llnrnharat (i " • 20 00
Mnry Quiml, 2 " • 12 00
Urnco Mil him ii, 1 " • 0 00
Martha I'Jgglestou, 2 " - 12 50
Jdllo i'ocetti, 1 " • G25
Maria Lavezro, 1 i" - ' 025
Ulara l'Vrnri, 5 " - 10 00
Eliza llnuder 2, •' - 12 50
Uomu LogHinarsiuo, 4 " • 1(5 00
Cathorluo Zuccini, 2 " - 10 00
Mnry Hcatonu, 2 " - 10 00
Mnggie I'otty, 2 " - 10 00
Dills ot Amador Ledwr aud Ama
dor Dispatch laid over until iiext
month.
(Jauceilntion ot urronoous nssoss*
mont of American Electric for 1907,
aud J E lioyor for the year 1907.
Application of U. H. (Jrngory for
live days' -credit for Wm. Rennrte
granted.
i'rice list ut 11. E Crocker Co. for
record hooka placed on file.
Ji Il'I 1 ' Autria] granted v froe peddlers
license.
iMrs (Jomez granted a monthly
allonouce ot 310.
Supervisor Htrohm, district attor
ney Vicini and superintendent of
hospital Lemoin appointed as a com
mittee In eeo \'i suitable placo could
be purchased for a cemetery for the
county hospital.
John lioiman granted a monthly
allowance of 8(i.
Warrants cancelled —
School fund - - - BUIIO 01
Current expense - - 1402 01
Hospital fund - - - 958 !J!i
Salary " • - - 4023 31
Koad district No 1 - - ■ G«J3 50
" " 2 ID2 00
" " 3 108 4*
H"'' " 4 104 50
5 UUI 25
General road fund £8 20
lone Union High School - 470 70
Uuapportioned ... 171 33
Oneidn bchool bldg. - 2598 80
Sutter Creek lire - - 14 00
Total ; 317,109.48
Adjourned until August 3.
Inspection Proof.
The photo's turned out by Logan's
studio at No. 15 S Sun Joaquiu
street, Stockton, are certainly in
spection proof. Logan has loug had
the reputation of turning out the
classiost work of tbis kind, iv tbo
San Joaquin Valley, lie is v. born
photographer aud has had oceuns of
experience. All these things count
when it comes down to actual work
menship. You remember tbat Solo
men said that in this world "All was
vanity." Uut that was botore Logan's
time. If he could have seen some ot
Lognu's work he would have changed
his ideas and sat for a photo himself.
jy 3-tf
Saw Mill to be Started.
A saw mill is to bo operated this
season ou tho Piuoardo place, near
Maoe's, about ten mile* abovo l J iue
(Jrove. J. M. Parsons assisted by bis
sops, is pusbiug tbe work of getting
the machinery iv place ready to com
mence operations. Me iias been
operating on tbe headwaters of Slitter
Creek. Uut tbis year lie iniy made
arrangements for stuiupago with Mr
Piccardo, where tbe timber ia ct
better quality with less expense iv
getting it to market. So after several
years of idleness Amador is to have
a going sawmill in operation in tbo
timber country above Pine Urove.
The large boiler was hauled from tlm
Huttor Creek location to the new site
this week, and expected to reach its
destination on Wednesday last. A
ready market will be found tor the
lumber around Jaoksou, provided it
can bo placed here at a reduction ou
tbe cost of outside lumber. It cer
tainly ought to be able to compete,
as the mill in only a day's trip for
toum each way, aud oau^be laid down
here for considerably lees than has
been the case with other aud more
distantly located mills iv recent
years, Ihe resumption of the lumber
business iv this region menus a
revival of husiuess generally in tbe
eastern part of the county, iukl we
trust the enterprise will be a
Unauoial success.
Arson Cases Set For Trial.
Tlio trial of Auoatino Uotello, who
Is held tor aißon,iu bui'tiiugJtLie Sum
mit liotol iitnu- Mutter Creek, bus beeu
tut for the twonty-iliat and tbe puuel
of juroi'H uotitied, Following this
case will come that of Jhmienioo
iManzo, JMiirc.u iiorelJo anil lastly that
of (J. Lepoii. it will be renieinbered
that just about the time the trial was
to prooeud a writ of prohibition wus
nuutivdil from the appellute court.
'I'lmt oourt decided agHiust thu de
fundaiilu, but the case tumid uot be
brought to trial until after sixty daya
had |ianH»d from tbe limn of d"cision.
l'idiiutir lloui la tlm best; have uo
other.
AN IMPROMPTU CELEBRATION.
The Fourth in Jackson.
A Hiinill liuinc celebration wbs had
na uanal in Jackson on tho Fourth; n
collci'lidii was tnkoii up on the Rtreot
in tlin iiftcruoon, and about thirty
dollniH collectod In this way. Tbe
llrst fan wan started by throwing
paokHKes o£ firecrackers into tho
street for tbo mint 1 1 boys to pcramble
after. This created a little excite
ment for awhile, wbnu it was decided
to, go ahoad and have competitive
eventH. Following are tho oventa
and the* winners with the prizes
awarded ;
Boya 1 flack race, 81.50, Willie Prout.
Three leggud race 82, Byrd lloltz
and Marion Calvin.
,f Hoys' foot race, 50 yards, 81.50,
tiayden Laughton.
Kumiing jump, 81.50, 14 feet (5
inches, Lesley Lovo.
SStnnrJing jump, 81.50, 7 teot 11>3
inclKiri, Kiilph Uoarco.
Applo diving contest, 81, John
Love. '
Eug race for young girls, first prize
81, Morntby Meiser; seaond prize 50
cents, Alamle Dal Porta.
Old man's race, 81.50, Alike Dris
coll.
, Piu eating contest for ovoryoue, ?1,
Lnreuzo Uerge. .
Pin rating contest for uix small
boys, 25 cents eucb, 50 cents to the
winner, Johnnie Davallo.
Those at the bead of tbe fun were
Chß9. Taoi, Chiso JJal forta and
Ralph llearce, who collected tbe
money and started oil' tbe events.
First of all they aot a tub tilled with
water in tbe middle of the street and
threw small coins into it for tbo
smull boys to divo tor. What created
tbo most fun was tho pie eating con
test Several pies were laid on boxes,
while tbo contestants had tbelr bands
tied behind them, tbe object boiug to
aoo which one could get away with
his pie first. This caused so muob
laughter that it was decided to have
another oue later in the afternoon,
six small boys being chosen trom
ptv'.ng tbe bunch. They wore ott'oietl
25 cents apiece, the winner to receive
50 cents. The pies had only just
come from tbe bakers and were still
steaming hot, but that made no diil'nr
ence to tbo boys. Trio old man's race
also mnde lots of tun. Tboso enter
ing it wore Wm. Penry, Mat Aluldoon,
Judge Thompson and Alike Uriscoll,
who won. In tbe evening the com
mittee purchased fireworks with tbe
balance of tho money collected, and
get them off on Alain street.
There was a good deal ot powder
exploded not alone in tbe firecracker
lino by tho small boys, but by adults,
who set a very poor example by ex
ploding loud bombs and other fire
works in tho streets. All this van
under the han of tbe law. It is said
that tbo officers tried to stop tbe
caunonade, but failed, as those cn
gaced refused to listen to any oom
umnds to quit. It this be true, it
shows a doplorable condition of
affairs. No arrests wore made on this
account, and no duubt this is the
explanation of the failure to stop the
tiring. Nearly all through tbe 4th
the streets were littered with tbe
debris of exploded fireworks. Once
tbe alarm of fire was turned in. It
proved to be caused by an awning on
a dwelling on Hamilton tract com
mencing to smolder trom sparks from
fireworks. No particular damage was
done, but tho residents thought it
prudent to sound tbe alarm anyway.
On Broadway some alarm was caused
by tho careless handling of sky
rockets, etc. A couple of small bal
loons wore staited skyward in the
northern part of tbe city, and took
liro attei ascending a short distance).
One fell on Alattley's bill, and a
crowd rushed out to put out any grass
tire that might result. Tbe concern,
however, was all burned out. before
It reached tbe ground.
One arrest was made during tbe
day. This was in the evening just
after dark. There was quite a orowd
of men and boys standing in frout of
the postotUce watching tbe dlsobaige
of tbo nroworka, whou Frank Baima
who was riding horseback, came
around tbe ooiuer at Water street,
putting the spurs to his horse just as
bo turned on Main street, making for
tbe crowd at full speed. Had it not
been for some oue yelling, a number
of people would have been trampled
upon. Alarsual lluberty rushed into
tbo street and grabbed the horse by
the bridle, and made Baima dismount.
He was under the iullueuoe of liquor
at the time. No charge will be
brought agaiust him.
Lodger and Chicago Woeklv Intor-
Ocean, both papers for ono year $'2.50
in iiilviini'o
Eighty-first Half-Yearly Report
-OF—
THE GERMAN SAVINGS
AND LOAN SOCIETY
520 California street, San Francisco, Cal.
• ,., . ,
SWORN STATE/WENT
Of the condition and vikluo of tho Assets and Liabilities of TIIR HERMAN SAVINGS AND
LUAN SOOIKTY, a corporation doing business at No. «?(! California street, iu tho city and
couuty of S;tn Francisco. S tit te ot California, and whero suid assets itro situated on .luno Jo, Kins:
ASSETS.
1-W,(JCO,O(K) United States 4 por cont registered Houds of 1958, tho valuo of
which is *3 fi«7,.W).00
2,500.000 United States a por cent registered llonds of Ita), tho valuo of
which in sj.n-Ai.nuo.OO
Of these bonds fI,MJ<> l fliU are kept In.ii s;ifc tn the vault of and
ranted from tho Now York Stock Exchange liulldlng Company lu New
York City.
.j.Ciis.TJ.'i Miscellaneous Municipal, Railroad, CahleAnd Street Kallwuy, Light
and other Corporation llonds. alho sundry shares of Stock I thu value
of said Bonds and Shares is 5,870,770 CO
81t),5(i5,7?. r i 111,078,370.00
Standiug on tho books of tho Corporation at $10,0119,011.95
2— Promissory notes socureil by llrst lien on Iteal Estato within this State, tho
States of uregon. Wanhlugton, Utah, Nevada aud Idaho, atd Territory or
Hawaii; the valuoof said promissory notes is 23,848,H04.8?
B— Miscellaneous Railroad, street Railway and other Corporation Bonds and Stock
KtCftCCortiflcatos pledged to the Society for the amount of 210.U50.00
4--Hank Building and Lot (including Vaults and Furniture), tho valuo of which Is
5175.000.00, standing ou tho books of tho Corporation at 1.000..00
s— Other Heal Estate, situated In the Status of California, Oregon and Washington
<■ and Turritory of Hawaii, tbo valuo of which Is 212,628.12
fI— CASH In United States < iold and Silver Coin, kept by said Corpora-
tion in its own vaults fci,029,523.0.1
luUanks KWIO.JH
2,08.1.128.37
Total 137,055,883.81
LIABILITIES.
I— To Doposltors: Suid Corporation owes JUeposlts amounting to, und tho valuoof
which is $3J,47J,954..23
2— To Stockholders : Tho amount of Capital Stock actually paid up, tho value of
which is  1,000,000.00
Tho condition of said liability to stockholders Is, that no part of tho amount
can bo paid to them, or in any way bo withdrawn, except in payment of losses
during the existence of the Corporation, nor until all depositors shall have paid
iu full the amount of their deposits and declared dividends.
:t— To Depositors and .Stockholders :
(a) Tho Reserve Fund, the valuoof which Is 1,375,01X).00
(including tbe amount of matured but uncollectcd interost on loans)
(b) Tho Contingent Fund, the value of which is 78,983.62
The condition of said Funds is, that the same have been created for the
purpose of additional security to Depositors against losses. ___
4— State, City and County Taxes assessed by the Government, but not yot payable 12(1,725^6
Total $37,055,263.31
N. OHLANDT. .
• President of tho German Savings nnd Loan Society.
UEOUUB TOUKNY,
Secretary of the German Savings and Loan Society.
State of California,
City aud County of San Francisco -ss.
N. Ohlandt and George Tourny, being each separately duly sworn, each for himself says:
That suid N. Ohlandt Is President, and that George Tourny is Secretary of the German Savings
and Loan Society, the Corporation abovo mentioned, and that the foregoing statement is true.
GEO. TOUKNY.
Subscribed ond sworn to before mo this 30th day of June, 1908,
I (Seal) KOUKUT R. RUSS. Notary Public.
MINING NOTES.
Defender.— X U. Joyce, the super
intendent of tbe Defender mine, was
in town Monday bringing the pro
ceeds of tbo clean-up of tbe ten stamp
mill for last month. Jlo reports tbat
tbe mine is doing well, tbe yield iv
free gold averaging about 8G per ton.
This is exclusive of sulphurets, and
also ot the tailings, which are saved
for treatment by the cyanide process.
The tailings are run into a pile in
tbe shape of a reservoir, and tbe solid
portion allowed to settle. It is
claimed they are worth between $2
aud 83 per ton. The ore supplying
the mill is taken from tbe 2UO level.
License Collections.
License collector's report for quarter
ending June 30, 1908.
s:i retail liquor in towns - 8795 00
19 retail " wayside - 142 50
10 wholesale liquors - - 75 00
7 merchandise - - - 52 50
•j " . 15 00
•2 " 7 00
12 " .... 30 00
iiß " - - - 42 00
'i pack peddlers - - 10 50
1 banker - - - - 10 00
5 theatre - - - - 12 50
7 stallions - - - 105 00
1 telephone - - - 30 00
5 halls • - - • 5 00
2 water - - - - 50 (X)
1 gas-electricity - - 100 00
a niokel-iu-the-slot machines 15 00
81497 00
Commissions 149 70
Amouut paid treasurer 81317.U0
Hospital Report-
Admitted-Nathaniel Phillips, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 75 years,
fistula;, James Clements, Ireland, 7U,
Brighta* disease; A L, Campbell, Cali
fornia, 41, morpbiueism; John
Vooauoviob, Austria 22, tuberculosis;
A J Johnson, California, 21, frac
ture; Justus Kuhl, Germany, 71,
alcoholism; Elijah (J Luity, Illinois,
GB, iudigent.
Uiaaharged.— Airs D Gomez, Miss
A. Gomez, Jaa 11. llolman. Amberton
Huff, Pat MpGuire, Nat Phillips, A
J Johnson.
Died— Alra Kate llolman, oiysipllis;
Alviu Campbell, inorpbiueism; J
Vooauoviob, consumption.
OASTOHIA.
B.ar B tho _^ lha * ind J 1 HW AIWiyS **&
of /-G6ccA4/M
Lc 1 1 o f-KoauJsJe tT*T, TTr i ot«<T a t
the Lodjjpr FoFlS ßuffian you
can buy blank stock for else
whore.
TRY TT.
Five Cents Per Copy.
Hotel Arrivals
Giobe— Thursday : Fred C Alartin,
Slitter Creek; Mrs X G Williams,
Gwin Aline; Cbas A Gayiord, Sacra
mento; H Bradley, Ham's Station; 11
G y pulton;, San Francisco; A Mason i,
Amador City.
Friday— Geo Nelson, lone; F A
Rugley, Sacramento; W ljudekens,
Pine (jirovejWiil Fortner.
Saturday— ti E Scott, Jobn T
Thomas, Terry V O'Connor, Saa
Francisco.
Sunday—F A Kimball, Oliver Kirn.
ball, Defender; Miss Alice Gartliu,
Monday— F B Joyce and wife, De
fend ci ; Will Hanly, Nellie Hanly,
New York Kauch; 1 Wiebe, Berkeley.
Tuesday-F II Sebert, liOdi; JW
Stewart, J B Stewart, B S Stewart,
J A Wriggleswortb, Oleta; John C
Nicolaus, John Ekel, Plymouth; W B
Phillips, San Frauoisco; Miss Josie
Nevels, Point Kichmoud; Aliss Done
Jones, Oakland; C O Leo, Cincinnati;
X Fullou, Frank Alartell, Alaitelis;
J E Hacker, Voloano.
Wednesday— Jas Alcltride, Geo S
Price, Sacramento; D Kisner, San
Francisco.
National— Thursday: C S Littman,
Sau Francisco; D MnGarrity, Ala
meda; S Barnbart, West Point.
Friday— J C Gyle, A B Seal, H B
Winter, San Francisco.
Saturday— F A Heuoley, Electra;
W J Uriudle, Lns Angeles.
Sunday— Louia Kink, Sau Fran
cisco; Charles S Webber, Stockton.
Monday— A Aloran, Electra; 11 X
Lamar, Sau Francisoo; Grant Me-
Pberson, UerkeJey; Miss Maggie
White, Aliss Julia White, New York
ICancb; L B Crout, Utah; O ti Berk
ley, Cbicago;J BTruitt, CD Kaukiu,
Kawbide.
Tuesday— X C Maxwell, Denver;
Iheo Bradley, C G Gather, L 1 John
son, Al J Kobinson, Ban Francisco; X
Senter, X C Williams, Fred W
Kotbnnbusb, Charles Shebber, Stock
ton; Mr and Mra W S Yager, Eiectra;
Arthur (J llolstien, Alameda; M J
Kobinson, San Francisco.
Wednesday— X Uoog, A W Bolinurt,
II S Dueden, J 11 Duedeu, Han Fran
cisco; Loo 11 Young, Sacramento; J
11 Foster, Templetou; A P Simpson,
Stockton.
On Wedue^ay^UeTuooiPAliss Koma
Spaguoli entertained a number ot
friends at tbe interesting card same
ot hearts. There were present Alissea
Field, Parmino, Cassinelli, Kay,
Sutherland, Lemoin and Clark.
Alma Clark was awarded the first
prize arid Miss Huthrland thecousola
tiou prize. Tbe rcoai wan taatfully
decorated lv red aud white, tbe
Lowell high school peunauta. iie«
Ifreunineutu were nerved.2
AMADDR LEDBER
Publlshod every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEDD Editor and Proprietor
M. F. CALKINS Business Manager
___^
SUBSCRIPTION RATES!
One your (In advance 12 00
One year (If not In advance) ' 3 50
Hl* month* , 1 (»
Three months o 50
One or more copies, each 0 R
Legal advertlnlng — por Rquntcof2.il emu— First Insertion '.. .11. CO
Subsequent Insertions— pc ,* siiuaro-eacb 60
RNTRRKD AT Tllß PO.STUFKICR AT JACKSON AS BBCOND-CLABB MATTEII.
THTQ PA PET) '" kO P ( on " l oat l-l '-- v - DARK'S Advertlnlnir Agoncy, 770 Market street
1 lllJ 1 Al LIV Sac Francisco, California, where contracts for advertising oan be made
for it
CITY OFFICIAL PAPER.
FRIDAY JULY 10, 1808
A FALSE POLITICAL NOTION.
A degree of independence is a commendable thing in poli
tics. Slavish submission to the will of party leaders is not
wise, no matter whether it be manifested within republican or
democratic lines. It is the spirit of independence within the
party ranks, that rises in protest against any undue exercise
of authority by those having positions of trust, This sort
of freedom is necessary to prevent so-called leaders from over
stepping the bounds; its effect is wholesome. It strengthens
rather than weakens the organization. On the other, the
keeping up of a factional squabble, long after all ground of
complaint at the management has been removed, is to be con
demned, The Ledger looks upon the Lincoln-Roosevelt
league agitation as a fight waged by a clique of schemers to
get control of the party machinery. "Turu the ins out, and
put us in," is about the spirit of it, and the rank and file are
not going to enthuse over it to any serious extent.
MEASURES NOT MEN.
A cry is going up in some quarters that independence is
evinced by placing men above .party. There never was a
more hollow or specious cry. In national affairs it amounts
to a reversal of all rules laid down in the past. We have
been accustomed to place the principles or policies advocated
by a political party as of far greater importance than the
personnel of the candidates selected to carry them into effect.
Measures rather than, men has been the rallying cry, and in
spite of all attempts to place individualism to the fore, it will
continue to be the most potent factor in moving men to ac
tion in the future as in the past. It is of course important
to select men of character, intellect and energy to give ex
pression to party ideas, but the attractive force consists in the
issues presented in the respective platforms. It was not the
personality of Lincoln — now admittedly the most command
ing figure in American history — that called the spirit of pat
riotism into play in IS6I. It was the fact that the Union
was imperilled, and the emancipation of a race from slavery
was to be accomplished, that called millions to arms, ready
to die to make men free. Individuals loom up in after his
tory far more than in cotemporaneous times according to the
more or less prominent part they have taken in the events
which have moved the world along in the pathway of prog
ress. It is after death, not during life, that individual char
acter is properly appreciated. Men are canonized after they
have slept in the grave sometimes for generations, when the
impartial historian, free from the prejudices that tend to be
cloud the issues in life, is enabled to correctly estimate the
man, and accord him his true place in the archives of fame.
Speaking from a partisan standpoint, no man can be as big
as the party to which he belongs. He may rise far above the
average of his fellow partisans, but must necessarily be
dwarfed in the presence of the party as a whole. Besides
which the greater the influence exerted by the individual
the more bitter are the prejudices created against him, born
of envy or self-interest. In national politics the personal fol
lowing of any man must necessarily be very small, and large
ly offset by personal enemies. In a national convention it has
frequently been found expedient to cast aside the candidate
having the most pronounced following, and take up a " dark
horse." In the present political campaign Taft will not
suffer at the ballot box because he has no personal following
when compared with his democratic rival. Bryan's supporters
from personal considerationa will cut a sorry figure in the
final outcome. Voters are wedded to ideas, not to men. Par
ties are formed to give voice to certain governmental policies,
and around these divergent policies the contest will be de
cided. No man in the history of this country has tried so
persistenly and eloquently to talk himself into the presiden
tial office as William J. Bryan, and that too with the backing
of a powerful national party behind him. And yet how sig
nally he has failed. The masses were attached to the repub
lican ideas which he opposed, and hence in spite of his charm
ing oratory and personal popularity, he went down to over
whelming defeat. And all signs point that history will once
more repeat itself this year.
AMADOU IiISDUEIh JACKSUJN, CALIFORNIA,
The Kind You Havo Always Bought, and which has boon
In uso for over SO years, has borno tho signaturo of
_ /? — and has boon modo under his por-
L£ jC/^ffl^tfT/tJ' Sonal supervision since its infancy.
\*utC7r, '-cctcsua*. Allow no ono to deceive you In this.
All Counterfeit**, Imitations and <* Just-as-good "are but
Experiments that trlflo with and endanger tho hoalth of
Infants and Children— lixpcrlcnco against Experiment*
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Paro*
gorlc, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphino nor other Narcotic
substance. Its ago is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Fcvcrishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Todthing Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates tho Food, regulates tho
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sloop.
Tho Children's Panacea— Tho Mother's Friend.
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
j* Bears tho Signature of *
The KM You to Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
TNK eCNT*UH OOMMHV, TT MUHIIAV ITnH, NCW VOHK CfTY.
BACK EAST CHEAP
Low Rate Summer Excursion Tickets sold to Eastern
■ points on these dates: 3. ,5 i££™^j|
June 22 to 28 inc. '''"
July 2, 3, 6, 7, 8, 28, 20.
August 17, 18, 24 and 25.
Here are some of the rates:
Omaha $ 60,00
Council Bluffs - - - 60.00
Kansas City - - - (50.00
Chicago .... 72.50
St. Louis - - •■■; - 67.50
Now Orleans - - - 67.50
Washington - - - 107.50
Philadelphia - - - 108.50
New York ... . 108.50
Tickets good for throe months, some cases longer.
Stopovers and choice of routes going and coming.
See nearest agent for details. '■!;.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
fGIINOCCHIO BRO'S.I
T\^ ~ww>.."~. -^fcr DEALERS IN "^ fflgf
| General Merchandise I
«i »» Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoos, p
M mm Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining H
@| S\ Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, m
H Grain, etc., etc. to
g| Corner Main and Water St. M
I JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA I
#^^3WWS^\^-3ff^^*^\^^^r^*-*ftCA^ yjf fr^.^- 1 k b^fttr\ '"-^f'Wrfc^\ '-3PT*t^B^\»* --fJ^l?fcCT\ f%-^» V^^^^H^^X H^mk^
HOLDING THE BABY.
Introducing • Nice Point In Baby C«f-
riacje Etiquette.
"Thnt fellow doesn't know the first
thing -about the etiquette of the bnby
cnrrlnge," remarked one of n pronn
of men nt Thirty-first nnd Main streets.
The comment tvna nuide to nil In n
KPiinnl way. One of the Rrotip. thn
mnn with n frnyed collar nnd a loott of
patient resignation, Riizcd anxiously nt
n couple nbout to board a cnr. The
mother wns sparring In a desperate
sort of way with one of thoso baby
cnrrliißes which shop salesmen can open
and close In a minnto nnd tho users In
from flvo to thirty minutes.
"Don't boo anything wrong with
that," snld the inun with the frayed
collar. "Ile'o got to hold tho baby
even If she does havo to wrestle with
tho carriage. You don't think he ought
to hold the bnby and take care of tho
carriage, too, do you?"
"Well, there's one thing sure," re
joined flic objector— "the man doesn't
know a thing about baby carriage eti
quette. What you want to do It this:
If tho baby weighs more than the car
riage, It's the man's place to bold the
baby. If tho carriage weighs more, ho
should hand the baby to his wife."
"Oh, plfltc!" Interpolated the man
with tho big black cigar. "You're way
off. What he ought to do Is to hand
the baby to his wife nnd tho carriage?
to the conductor."— Kansas City Star.
POINTING THE BONE.
Queer Superstition of the Native
Blacks of Australia.
The native blacks of Australia are
steeped In superstition. A black fellow
will on no account go near the spot
where another black has been burled.
Ho has a deep rooted aversion to one
particular bird— the wagtail— because
he says, "him all day talk, talk along
a white feller, tellum all about black
feller," and no opportunity Is lost of
killing these little birds.
Many tribes "bury" their tload by
sticking them up into the forks of
trees and there leaving them till the
flesh has either dropped or been taken,
leaving the boucs clean. These bonea
are then taken down, the larger ones
burled and the smallest handed round
as keepsakes to those nearly related
to the deceased. Should one black fel
low wish the death of a rival or ene
my he points the bone at him. This
means that he takes one of his late re
lation's bones from bis dllly bag and
points it, in the presence of witnesses,
at the man he wishes to get rid of, all
the time pouring forth threats and
curses.
Strange as It may seem, the one
pointed at will often languish and
eventually die. perhaps In a month,
perhaps In a year, for no sooner Is the
bone pointed than he makes up his
mind to die, and there is no saving
him.— London Standard.
Tennyson's Cure For Shyness.
It is recorded in "Tennyson's Life"
that he used to recommend to a yoiftig
er brother the thought of the stellar
spaces, swarming with constellations
and traversod by planets at Ineffable
distances, as a cure for shyness, and a
lady of my acquaintance used to en
deavor as a girl to stay her fulling
heart on the' thought of eternity at such
moments. It Is all In vain. At the ur
gent moment one- cares very little
about the stellar motions or the dim
vistas of futurity und very much In
deed about (lie cut of one's coat and
the glances of one's enemies, and the
doctrines of the church and the pros
pects of ultimate salvation are things
very light in the scales in comparison
with the pressing necessities of the
crisis and the desperate need to appear
wholly unconcerned! — Arthur C. Ben
son In Putnam's and Reader. -
A Terrific Tumble.
Moot marvelous of nil the stories of
great falls Is the account of Charles
Woolcot's terrific tumble from a height
of no less than 3,000 feet. It was In
Venezuela, and he was making a para
chute descent. The parachute refused
to open till within 100 or 200 feet from
the ground. Then it spread out sud
denly and split. The unfortunate man
crushed both ankles und both knees,
broke his right thigh und hip, dislocat
ed his spinal column and suffered other
injuries. Yet after a year in a hospital
he recovered sufficiently to write an
account of what was probably the most
fearful accident mortal man ever sur
vived.
Spilled Mercury.
Mercury spilled on v table or floor is
somewhat hard to collect unless special
precautions are taken, owing to its
tendency to divide into small globules,
•which roll away ut the slightest touch.
If a wet ring is made uround the spilled
mercury by the aid of a wash bottle or
other similar means, it will be found
that the globules of mercury cannot
cross the ring. The mercury can then
be collected in a small shovel made
from a pleco of thin card or even an
ordinary envelope.
R«c« of Life.
There wouldn't be bo very much fun
in living If there were not a hurdle or
two to Jump over In this race of life.
There always have been obstacles, und
there always will be, und it Is of no
use to repine over them.— Manchester
Union.
Our Neighbors.
Sunday School Teacher— Why did the
Lord command uh to love our neigh
bore? Little Lota— Oh, I guess It wan
another way of telling uh to love our
enemies. — New Orleans Times-Demo
crut.
No iiimii Is nobler boru tlmii another
uii!i-hh be In born with better abilities
bih! more amiable disposition.— Svnect,
Sunset Vale 1771 Capital C33
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleanlnq Works
Dyeing and denning Dross Goods.
HilkH, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty.
1012-lOtn at Sacramento
Is Your Property For Sale?
We lire connantly receiving Inquiries (mm til
paruot ihe United Stairs for Fain), Vln»y«fif» and
Counirr »nd Clly Homes on the Pacific Const. II
your property !• 'or tils we shall be glid to plice It
on mir 1 1st, and put you In direct corrcfponilence with
a lirne number of poeilble buysri. Address,
TOWN A COUNTRY JOURNAL PUB. CO.
OSO JACKSON ST., GAM FRANCISCO, CAL.
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO., CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Tablo supplied with best In market.
Terms reasonable. jnel
! ! Globe Hotel |i
i:f~ ' W ' ■" I
J | NEW MANAGEMKNT. < '
J! AIRS. ANNIE HUHST....Prop'r \\
|; Board and Lodging j;
\ I AT REASONABLE RATES. J |
< ! Sample Rooms for Commer- ! [
\ I clal Travelers. ! !
♦ All Stages stop at this hotel. < >
<> i >
| JACKSON CAL. \\
NEW 1
National * Hotel
Jackson,' Amador county, Cal.
> I t
T. A. VOORIIEIS, Proprietor
MH
Stage Office for all Points'
Lighted by electricity throughout
'Jotntnodtouß Sample Rooms for
Commercial Travelers. aulB.
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAIN
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hand a full line of Harness
and Hardess Fixtures, Saddles.
Bridles and Robes. Buggies
an;. Carriage lops made
to order.
Also has on hand a line of
that well known and thor-
oughly tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies.
OFFICIAL MAP
—OF..
Amador County
Drawn from official records und sur-
veys by D. C. CAHLTON, showing
township and school district bound-
aries, ownership of all lands according
to assessment roll of 1004, mineral
claims, canals, location of all school-
bouses; also a townsito map of princi-
pal towns, namely Jackson, Sutter
Creek, lone, Amudor City, Drytown,
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 0 by 3f feet.
Prico, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted • $5
Sold only ut
AMADOU LEDGER OFFICE
Jackson, Cal.Amador County
Descriptive Article
Amndor county comprises an area of
548 square miles. It llos on the wes
tern slope of Sierra Nevada, mountains,
and embraces within its territory all
the diversity of valley, foothill, and
high mountainous lands.
Climate.— Tho climate of tho popu
lous portions of tbo county is as genial
and healthful us can be found anywhere
in California. Ah climatr la one of tho
most valuablo assets of this favored
state In attracting population, Amatior
'stands second to no county in this re
gard. It should, nnd no doubt will in
time, when Its climatic advantages are
moro thoroughly undorstood and ap
preciated, become ii health rosort not
only for those in loss favored states,
but for tho residents of other parts of
California. Tho tomporoture alone the
central portion rarely falls below .10
degreos abovo zero In winter, and as
rarely rises to'loo degrees in tho sum
mer. Snow sold oro falls In the settled
districts, and never remains on tho
ground for more than a few hours. Of
courso, In tho hiph mountain rogions
of eastern Amador tho snowfall is vory
nea vy— which is characteristic of the
entire Sierra Nevada range. The sum
mer season Is alway accompanied with
cool nights; permitting- of sound, re
freshing slumbor. Fogs dro rare, cy
clones are unknown, thunderstorms are
infrequent.
Gold Mining.— The county, although
rich in other sources or wealth, com
paratively untouched, la noted prin
cipally for her quartz mines. The
deepest gold mines in Amorlca are lo
cated hero. Tho Kennedy mine is now
taking gold in liberal quantities from
quartz extracted from a depth of over
3000 foot below tho surface, with every
indication that tho pay-ore extends to
• a much greater depth. Since the dis
covery of gold, the county has contrib
uted fully 8100,000000 to the world's
supply of the precious metal. The
mines are still yielding at the rate of
• about two million dollars annually.
Nearly all of this wealth is produced by
eight or ten mines operating on what
is called tho "mother lode," stretching
•clear across the county In a north-east
erly direction a distance of twenty
miles. Tho mines aggregate between
400 and 500 Rtamps, and furnish om
ployment for over 1000 miners. This
industry is still in its infancy. The
unexplored territory, even along tho
main gold belt, is far in excess of tbo
ground that has actually been worked
•or prospected. The county offers to
day one of tho most inviting fields to
be found anywhere in the world for the
investment of capital in the fascinating
business of gold mining, not alone along
the mother lode, but also la the almost
untouched mineralized country ot tho
•east bolt, some ten or twelve miles from
the main lode.
Besides gold, wo have copper, de
posits of pottery, coal, imarbe, slate,
limestone', granite, and soapstono or
talc— all undeveloped.
Agricultural Capabilities.— The agri
cultural possibilities equal, If not excel,
the mineral riches. The valley lands
will produce anything that can be
grown in tho most favored sections.
In the foothill lands all kinds of decid
uous fruits thrive: also all kinds of
vegetable aro raised where irrigation
is practicable along the numerous water
•courses. Further up In tho mountains,
at an altitude of 2000 to 2500 feet, the
soil Is admirably adapted for apples
•and potatoes. A ready market for
Toany times tho quantity now raised of
these commodities can bo found lin the
various mining towns.
Grape culture and wlnemaking are
becoming important industries, both
the grapes and wine commanding a
bettorprlco than ithe product of the
lowland. •
Land ia cheap compared with other
California lands. Improved farms may
bo secured for ono-fourth the price
current in some places. Unimproved
lands can bo had f rtfm $5 to $10 per
acre. It does not require a fortune to
buy a small ranch. There is room for
a largo addition to our agrlculural pop
ulation. Vast tracts now devoted to
cattle ranges might bo made tho homes
of hundreds of prosperous farmers.
Araador has a populasion of less than
12000. Three fourths of this la concen
trated in a strip of three miles abovo
and below the mineral belt.
Jackson, tho county seat, has about
2500 inhabitants, and isan Incorporated
city ot tho sixth class. Other towns
are Sutter Creek, Amador City, Dry
town, Plymouth, Volcano, Pine Grovo
and Oleta. lone City ia the meiropolls
of tbe valley section, a thriving town
of 1000 inhabitants.
The community is law-abiding. Edu
cational facilities are excellent. A
school liouao ia within easy reach of
nearly every family. There la one high
school, located at lone.
The assessment roll for 1007 is $5.
800,793, and the tux rate for both atute
uud county purposes $2 on the 8100.
Tho Southern l'uclflo has a branch
railroad running to lone. From this
point the lonu and Eastern railroad ex
lenda 14 ralloa further to the mining
section.
The various religious denominations
and fraternal organizations are well
represented.
The power plant of tbe Standard
Electric Co— one of the lurgelt in the
world— Ulocated four miles from Jack
son.
THE NORMAN FARMER.
H* Carries His Top Soil With Him
Whan He Moves.
Tho modern farmer was applying
electrlcnl innssajro to n cart horse's
sprained knee. During the Intervals
of rest ho talked fnrm talk.
"There are tenants," he said, "who,
when they move, parry their fnruis
with them as tho tortoise does his
housn. These people nre the Norman
French, tho world's best farmers.
Where you or I would require twenty
or thirty acres of land to keep one fam
ily, the French fanner will keep his
family on a quarter of nn ncre. If he
chose to cultivate twenty or thirty
acres he would become a millionaire.
His secret lies In tho perfection to
which he brings his top noil. What
with fertilizing and watering and clear-
Ing, his top soil Is the blackest, finest,
richest 801 lon earth. Ills top soil is
to the French farmer what her voice
is to a prlnm donna. And when he
rents he contracts that on the termina
tion of his lease bo may carry off
eighteen Inches of the top soil with
him.
"When you see a French farmer mov
ing one small cart curries his house
hold goods, nnd In seven or eight enor
mous drays his top soil lumbers on be
hind."—New York Press.
THE MODERN HAT.
It* Serious Defects From the Hygienic
Point of View.
Tho size, the stylo and Incidentally
the cost of women's lints, says n writer
In the Berliner Unischuu, Irav'e taken
up so much of the time of the people
who mala' hats a study that they have
not had a moment to devote to the
head covering of tho sterner sex. Con
sidered from tho hygienic point of
view, little fault can be found with the
hats of our slstor.s, although some of
them, when viewed through the glass
of reason, are unthinkable. But men's
hats are faulty from tho physician's
point of view, and n wider knowledge
of the defects of the modern hat would
add to the already large army of bare
headed men. In order to demonstrate
which hats should be avoided a per
fectly healthy man was placed where
the rays of the sun could strike him di
rectly. He wore while taking the sun
bath various kinds of hats for a period
of fifteen minutes each. Every hat con
tained lv the crown a thermometer,
and these recorded as follows: The one
In the panama hat 77 degrees, the straw
sailor 81, the silk hat 89, the felt hat
95 and the black bat and yachting cap
99 and 100 degrees respectively.
A Bath a Month.
Apparently the people of Persia are
not great believers in the old maxim
"Cleanliness is next to godliness," for
baths are only taken once a month by
the people, when they go to the public
baths and make amends, so to speak,
for the lnfrcquency of their ablutions
by spending a whole day getting clean
ed and trimmed. At the baths they
are washed, shaved, dye their hair and
nails, get shampooed and spend the
rest of the day eating buns and drink
ing sherbet. There are fixed days for
men and women, and on bath days a
man goes about the streets shouting
"Hamum!" ("Bath day!"). After the
bath the ladles have their hair plaited
in a number of thin plaits, which are
not opened and combed out until the
next bath day comes round.
Thought Only of the Dynamite.
Some grim stories are tpid of Lord
Kitchener, says the United States Ga
zette, and we have read one which,
although we cannot vouch for the truth
of it, has a decided Kitchener flavor
about It. A young subaltern who was
in charge of some works that were in
course of construction in the Punjab
had the misfortune to lose some na
tive workmen through an accident
with dynamite. Fearful of a repri
mand from headquarters, he telegraph
ed to the commander in chief, "Regret
to report killing of twelve laborers by
dynamite accident." Back is said to
have come tlie laconic message, "Do
you want any more dynamite?"
Greedy.
Two Englishmen on a holiday in
France were dinuig together at a Paris
restaurant. Mr. Smith would order
and ask for everything he wanted in
doubtful French, while Mr. Cross
would offer explanations that were in
the nature of criticisms. At last Mr.
Smith's temper rose to explosive point.
"Will you," he said— in English this
time — "be so good as not to Interfere
with me in the use of my French?"
"Very well," retorted Mr. Cross. "I
simply wanted to point out that you
were asking for a staircase when all
you wanted was n spoon !"— Londoii
Mall.
Suffering Humanity.
"Mrs. Sourinug, who thought she had
a mission to look after suffering hu
manity, is married, isn't she?'fc
"Yep."
"I was surprised to learn that she
had given up her mission lv life."
"She hasn't. Her husband Is going
to be suffering humanity hereafter."—
Houston Post.
Th» Pursuit of Pleasure
We smile at tbe Ignorance of the sav
age who cuts down the tree In order to
reach its fruits. But tbe fact is that a
blunder of this description is made by
every person who is overeager and
Impatient in the pursuit of pleaaure.
Man's Dull Attire.
Britishers aro constantly becoming
duller aud more morose In the matter
of their clothes. Their carelessness lv
this respect seems sometimes to
amount to affectation. — Chambers"
Journal.
FKIDAY, JULY 10, loos.
THE TAVISDALE MILL
Harold Bindloss
it waa n hot July afternoon when
Tavlsdale and Agntha Leslie Bat Id the
shadow of a big cedar on the steel
works secretary's Rtnootu cropped
lawn. The girl looked fresh aud dain
ty in her long white diess; but Tavia
dalo, who wore plain blue serge,
fleetned soraowhat out of place at a
gnrdeu party. Ho was a big, and us
ually somewhat silent mnn, with a me
chanic's ingrained bauds, and a
thoughtful fuce Unit, had grown palld
from long night watches heside tire
less machines, lie was there partly
beoaUßß the secretary, who disregarded
his wife's protests, had insisted upon
It, mid for another reuson that con
cerned himself.
"It ia in one way, a proof of your
uourage as well aa kindness to sit here
and talk to mo," he said, with a half
ironical smile as he glanced at tbe
fashionable assembly.
Agatha Leslie undorstood him,
though she would not, of course, ad
mit it. Kirn had given up wondering
why this man, who was oertalulv uot
of her Bet, interested her ua he did.
"Why?" she asked.
TavisdaJe laughed. "I am, of course,
what I believe is culled an outsider,
and a little while ago tbe gates of
your world would never have been
opened to me. 1 don't know that 1
would have cared to enter them."
"And now?"
"In one way it is amusing to step
inside tbe pale, it ia only a few
months since several of these people
who have tried with uo great tact to
patronize me passed me every duy
without a glance. Htill there is a good
deal in your life that appeals to one
—its quiet orderliness— your opportu
nities of enjoying art and music—
among other things."
"ion seem to know as much about
them as we do," said tbe girl, who
had realized that tact some time ago.
"Haven't you equal opportunities
now you have invented tbe Tavisdale
tnillV"
The man smiled dryly.
"My patent brought too -we'll say
a tenth part ot what it should have
done. 1 was a trifle coutiding and left
the royalty question open."
"Wasn't that foolish ot .you?"
"It certainly was. Still, you see,
1 didn't worry about the money the
mill might bting me then. It was the
result of yearn of such self-denial as
you. could probably never understand,
aud 1 loved tbe thiug itself, aud only
wanted to see it go. Tbe directors
took advantage of tbe fact. Perhaps,
one couldn't blame them."
Ho sat silent awhile, and tho girl
noticed the slight hardening of his
face.
"Now," she said, "You want to
enjoy the fruits of your labor!"
"Yes," said I'avisdale simply, and
fixed his eyes,whioh were very steady,
full upon her. "Aa I said, your lite
has— a good deal to offer me. 1 have
grown very daring lately, even bold
enough tojiong for tbe appareiitiyjun
attaiuable."
Agatha Leslie smiled, though there
was a trace of color In her face.
"Ah," she said, "perhaps nothing is
really unattainable if one is bold
enough."
Then she rose and left him as the
steel works secretary, immaculately
groomed, came up. He sat beside
Tavisdale.
"Wo are going to have one of the
directors down in a couple of weeks,
and 1 expect him to bring two or
three leading engineers to see your
mill," he said. "We sball probably
give a luncheon aud make it a kind of
a function. You mentioned a fresh
improvement. How have you been
getting on with it?"
"1 almost think it will^be ready
then," said Tavisdale with the curi
ous little smile, which had once or
twice since he made a oertain hard
bargain with him caused tbe souretary
a vague uneasiness.
In tbe meantime two of Miss Leslie's
acquaintances were discussing her,
aud one of them glanced at Tavisdale
as she said, "One naturally expects
something eccentric from Agatha,
but it is a trifle difficult to see why
she encourages that man. "
The other girl laughed a little. "1
rather like Tavisdale myself, lie is
refreshingly genuiue, and time is
eomethlng that suggests reserved force
about him which appeals to mo, aa 1
think it does to Agatha. After all,
be is quite prebentable,aud she hasn't
v penny, while men who invent things
do get rich occasionally. '
"That," said her oompaniou,"would
certainly not appeal to Agathu. She
could have bad Haggle Naeeby, aud 1
believe, two others, who never need
worry about iuveutiug machines."
Then she laughed, "Aa v matter of
fact, Keggie is quite iucapable ot do
ing it, oi anything else, except play
tennis aud dießa himselt tastefully."
j'hey strolled away talking of Home
body else, while Tavlsdalo excused
himself presently aud Bpeut that even
ing in the clanging mill. Then he
went bauk to bis oomtortlesu rooms
aud eat up halt tbe night poiiug over
a sheaf of drawings. A little glint
crept Into hist eyes whon at last he
laid thfim down.
"The thing will go," he fiaid. "The
directnia will buy It, too; but It will
be bO my terms thin time."
Thfiii lin eat still for half nn hour
with nn iiullghted pipe In bis hand,
while certain rosente visions floated
beforn him, The long lean years of
itrugKle bad gone, and (hero opened
up nn nlluring vista of brighter ones
which it Beamed possible ho would
not spend alone, <
It win two or three wneka lotor when
be led n Htnall but select company In
to tbe clnnging mill, A big Hessemer
converter, roaring tumultuousir,
burled up n vast column of llnme be
hind them, nnd In front tolling men,
giant pounding hammers, and long
rows or grinding rolls lilled the big,
opon Bided shod. Thero wus a smell
of burning grease and incandescent
iron, rails glowing blood-red clanged
along the Iron floors, tbe frock-coated
directors ami eminent engineers with
the few daintily dresaerl women among
the other straugera looked curiously
out ot plnce tbero. Thoy stopped be
fore a row of pondorous iron rolls
raugod in n series after tbe fashion of
giant clotbes-manglea with a big silent
engino nt the head ot them; and the
chairman of directors turned to tbe
rest.
" Air Tavisdalo's invention is, 1
think, goitig to revolutionize tbis
trade," he sold. "As most of you
know tbis steel was hitherto passed
backwards and forwaids between tbe
rolls in straight lengths at a consider
able expense in labor, while now it
will run through them, aa a rod does,
continuously. It is, perhaps, unneces
sary to nay that we hold all rights in
tbe inveution."
Do smiled at the others geuially,
and Tavisdale, who smiled, too, in a
somewhat curious fashion, glanced at
Agatha Leslie.
"1 urn glad you are here," be said
softly. "You were tbe first to be gra
cious to me wbeu not out of any kind
ness these people took mo up."
Agatha Lesslie said nothing, but a
very faint truco of color crept into her
face. She understood what be had
left unsaid, and knew he meant that
he was glad she was there to see bis
triumph.
Then a masa of steel glowing incan
descnt was shot from a truck, and the
big engine panted when he raised bia
band. Tbe ponderous rolls spun, and
seizing the glowing mass kneaded
flamo from it as they drew it in be
tween them and cast it out again,
longer and narrower than it bad beeu.
This happened several times, and then
the rolls took hold and kept it while
a hissing band of metal that changed
from white to rod hot swung from one
to another lengthening all tbe time.
It writhed across the iron floors in
apparently living folds, a great fiery
serpent without bead or tail and then
rushed into the jaws of a machine that
devoured it. Nobody cad touched it
after the Urst few passes with a guid
ing tool. Tbe Tavisdale mill did
everything.
"It's unique," said au eminent en
gineer. "I suppose an ordinary mill
would not turn out as much with a
dozen men and boys. Perbaps the
most ingenious thing is tbis auto
matic swivel guide that practically
does all tbe guiding."
Tbe secretary looked at Tavisdale.
"It is ratber curious; 1 don't seem
to have beard ot it before. Were those
guides made in our fitting shop?"
"In Sheffield," said Tavisdale dry
ly, "at my expense."
Then, while the great men expressed
their approval, be glanced at Agatha
Leslie, and saw comprehension in her
eyes. Thia waa part, at least, ot the
reward he had toiled for, and the girl
felt a thrill run through her, for it
seemed that she had her share in the
man's achievement. She was glad that
she bad been gracious to him when he
first, in bis own reseved fashion, which
was ratber proud than diffident, passed
tbe grudgingly opened gates of her
own world. She bad seen that he was
a man with a gift then, and now tbe
comments of those famous in bis pro
fession bad proved her belief in him
warranted. Slio bad also,a little later,
seen something else, and knew why
be attended functions which could
have no charm fur him. Nor did that
displease her. She had had admirers
who could dance and play tennis
well, but they, for the most part,
could do nothing else, while this man
could handle tho giant forces ot tire
aud steam aud shoulder bis way up
ward, with tbe world and all its piej
udlces against him.
"1 should like to watch tbe rolls a
little nearer," she said..
Tavisdale nodded. "Well," he mild,
simply, "1 know you are not afraid."
Onoo more the engine pounded, aud
tbe blssiug, white-hot Bteel leapt from
the rolls. It swung out behind tbe
two who stood neatest, while tbe rest
drew back, a great glowing baud that
clanged horribly aud atruok red sparks
hum tbe resounding lrou doors, and
the girl felt her beuit beat a trifle
fuster an she realized that they were
bloue within the engirdling of tbe
iiery steel. HUH, ebe showed no Blgu
of it aa who watched tbe tuau with
eoulidenne in her big.oahu eyes. They
were very like bia owu just tbon,
grave and steady, eyes that would not
waver when they looked a crisis in
the face.
Then there was a sudden strident
ringing, a crash, and a shower of
sparks, and one ecu! of the Blowing
band held fast while tbe slack of it
closed In on them. Ho far aa Agatha
could see, there was only a little
pivoted roller to prevent them being
sawn In two. tibe also saw tho man
who drove tbe big engine suddenly
grasp a lever, aud then glauco at Tav
imhilo, who made a little sign. Home
body behind them shouted in alarm,
there waa a clatter of running work
men's feet, and tbe secretary's voice
came through the roar of tbe grinding
rollH. Tuviadale flnshed a glauoo at
his companion, and his voice, which
she beard faintly, bad a curious ring.
"if I pull tbe engine up I'm going
to have trouble. How much do you
trust mo?" ho said.
It was only tor a ruomeut she met his
eyofl, but she knew all ho meant.
Tbero was in them the vague con
tempt ot tho toiler for tbe class sbe
sprang from, a class immuno from tbe
hazards tbe rank and file must run;
tho distrust which had, however,
made an exception of her; and the
demand for an equal courage in the
woman he bad chosen as his mate.
She knew that he had chosen her,
and she would mutch her strength
with his, pride of etatlou with pride
of manhood. She flung up her head
with a little laugh that reaohed him
through the rumbling of the mill.
"Are you afraid to put me to tbe
test," she said.
Tavisdale said nothing, but he signed
again to the emgneor, while tbe dark
blood crept into bis fane, and tho girl
caught her breath as t.be great ma
chine pounded faster, and the iiory
band ran in on them. She never quite
forgot that moment, for a.'l her con
fidence in tbe man. Then there was
another harsh crackling and a blaze
of sparks; and tbe band, relaxing
once more, recoiled wide behind them
on tbe floors. They stood within its
blood-red loops unharmed, until the
last of it vanished with a crash. Then
very quietly Tavisdale turned to her:
"I'bank you!" he said. "1 do not
think any man or woman has ever
shown so much faith in me before.
Still, there was no danger— 1 had
guarded against such an emergency,
before the hem of your dress was
singed 1 would have wrecked the
mill."
Then the others clustered about them
with questions and congratulations on
their escape, and Agatha Leslie stood
silent, a little paler tban usual, but
with a gleam in her eyes, while Tavis
dale explained how he had provided
against any disaster resulting from a
premaure cooling of the steel.
Tbe eminent engineer once more
nodded approvingly.
"The plant," he said, "is, at least,
aa elHoient in operation as it Is bold
in conception."
The director, however, looked at
Miss Leslie with a little smile.
"There are," he said, "women who
might envy your nerves."
Tavisdale now said nothing at all.
He stooped down and quietly
something to a standard with a piv
oted wheel on it that rose from an
opening in the iron floor, but when
some twenty minutes later be sat face
to face witb the man who ruled that
great concern he epoke a few very
plain words tersely, and tbe secretary
found it difficult to check a little
gasp of astonishment and anger.
"But we bought up all your patent,
and all its rights!" he said.
"You did," said Tavisdale grimly.
"That is, one of them. I know now
that there are people in Sheffield who
would have given me four times as
much as you did, and you are natur
ally aware ot it. There are, however,
two patents, and the one you did not
buy can be used without tbe other,
while you can easily estimate what
it will cost^you on every ton of stuff
you roll. 1 have., beeu asked to sell it
to the Shelneld people. Although it
does not affect the question, I may
point out that if you had given me a
reasonable share of tbe profit of my
invention 1 might have been content
witb tbe plant as it is, and not have
worried over it until tbe second no
tion occurred to me."
Tbe director made a little sign. "In
tbe first place," he said quietly,
"might one ask what you expect to
get for it?"
"That is my idea," and Taviadale
smiled as he laid a papei on the table,
but there was consternation and dis
gust in the secretary's faoe as he
glanced at it.
"It is a preposterous demand," he
aaid, and raised his brows ironioally.
"You evidently considered it neces
sary to put it in writing."
"1 almost think it was wiser," said
Tavledale, witb a little dry smile.
"You may, perbaps, remember there
waa a hulf-defluite uaaiuatico made me
on another occasion that, if clicuin
stancea permitted, 1 should have a
royalty. They apparently didn't,
though 1 huve put the trade in your
bauds. I'erhaps it ia a trifle nutioua
that 1 should waut a share of the pros
perity 1 atu offering you, but that la,
utter all, uot quite tbe question. It
ia whether 1 am to go on witb my
negotiations with the Hhefileld peo
ple."
There whs b fow mlnntea alienee,
mifl then he glanced nt the secretary
with a little twinkle in his keen old
eyes.
"I don't think we nhall gain any
thing by trying to break Mr lavisdnle
flown," lin Hiilrl. "It would, inflict,
he better to give him what ho asks. "
Tavlftdnle nodded. "1 should, 1 ' he
finid, "have asked another shilling a
ton tomorrow,"
They deuided it during the next ten
niinntea,and Tnvlatdnle went out with
an ngreement In bia pocket, and over
took Agatha Leello and the rest of the
party being shown the great blaat fur
naces by one of the managers, liy and
by, though nolthor of them knew ex
actly how it came about, they found
thetrselvea some little distance from
their c.nmpiinloiiH, and Tavlsdale
smiled at the girl when they stopped
beneath a great tower that was spout
ing molten iron, The man,.aa she felt,
showed to advantage In such sur
rounding.-*, lie could, as he bad told
her, neither dauoe nor play bridge or
tennis well, but standing there with
tbe stain of oil and the magnetio soale
upon him he seemed at one with the
great primeval forcea that mon of his
kind diive hard in harness.
"1 think you know what 1 mean to
si.y," lvi said. "1 fell in love with
you soou after I saw you— though
most people would have considered
it unreasoning presumption then. To
day 1 have shown what my mill will
do, and bent two of the cleverest bus
iness men to my will, with the result
thai my wife will, at least, be secure
from any approach to poverty, lv
one way that counts for nothing. 1 am
the same man still, and you and 1
know how little such things as 1 have
done are really worth — but they make
others easier— and, after nil, from your
friends' point of view, 1 could not
have asked you to share in a failure.
You laid your life in my hands a lit
tle while ago. Are you willing to
trust it to me altogether?"
"Ye», " said Agatha simply, looking
at him with big calm eyes and a red
flush in her cheek. "Still, it is not
because you invented tbe I'avisdale
mill. 1 think 1 would have been will
ing if you hud asked me earlier. Per
haps, in one way, it would have
pleased me better."
Tavisdale made a little gesture fof
comprehension as he held out his
hands to her. "1 understand, my
doar," he said. "It is the essential
things that count with you and me.
That is why 1 fell in love with you,
and why, 1 think even if the mill bad
failed we two need not have feared a
hostile world."
ACT QUICKLY.
Delay Has Been Dangerous in
Jackson.
Do the right thing at the right
time.
Act quickly in times of danger.
Backache is kidney danger.
Doan's Kidney Pills act quickly.
Cure all distressing, dangerous kid
ney pills.
Plenty of evidence to prove tbis.
Mrs J. McNeill, living at 302 N.
Main street, Stockton, Cal., says:
"My husband used Doan's Kidney
Pills and received great benefit from
their use. Hefore h6 commenced
ueicg them he waa greatly run down
from kidney disease and suffered
from backache and a weakness across
his hips and loins, lie would get up
feeling stiff and lame in tbe morning,
and had great difficulty in putting on
bis clothing. His kidneys were
irregular in aotion aud gave him
great annoyance. lie was in tbis
condition when Doun'a Kidney Pills
were brought to his attention, and
he procured a box. He got relief in
a short time, continued taking them
and in less tban a month was feeling
like a new man. He has had no re
turn of the trouble since and recom
mends Doau's Kidney Pills very
hißhly."
Plenty more proof like this from
Jackson people. Call at the City
Pharmacy aud ask what customers
report.
For sale by all dealers. Price 50
centa. roster-Mil barn Co., buffalo.
New York, sole agents for the United
States, liemember the name— Doans'
—and taken no other
INSURE YOUR HEALTH
\m and COMFORT
>£*tb«/\\ on stormy days
M\V*tk AV\ by wearing a
SPiSLICKER
/ V^~££ Clean -Light
, YrP^f Durable
1 1 Jim Guaranteed
JUJJSPTj Waterproof
Y&^faT^ffi'-* *3°S Everywhere
V «^MJ IjtDWCB CO HIVW US \
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA
Boarding and duy bohool oonduoted by tho
HlNtorn ot Notro Damo(Numur). Founded
ia ISM.
The eiirlcuHim embrace* all tho branches of a
Holid Udkllhli education. Preparatory anil
advanced ooursoi in art, language, and muilu
For rurthur intoriuutlon attdresi
ml* SISTER SUPERIOR
34
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
JACKSON VALL.EV.
July 7. — Mi* and Mrs J. Fessler and
Mr and Mrs Vallue of liuena Vlstn,
spent the Fourth ot July in Stockton.
While playing ball iv Plymouth
last Sunday, demons Bryant had bis
ankle sprained quite badly. He Is
now going around on crutches.
Mr and Mrs Clarence Prouty o!
Hau Francisco, are visiting their re
latlvefl In the valley.
Mrs Swift of Dry Creek, visited In
tbe valley Sunday.
Miss Alice Uonhatn, who lins been
goloß to W. S. C. at Stockton, m
turned home a tew days ago.
Mr and Mrs F. Gebhardt of Mt.
Echo, spent Suuday with hoi brother,
A. lionham, of this placo.
Jean Fessior of Stockton, spent a
few daya of last week with relatives
at liiionu Vista.
Frank Fitzsimmous of ISumm Vista,
is quite sick.
Frank and Joe Foster of Julian
district, spent Suuday with tbeii
slater, Mrs J. Kidd.
Mrs A. C. Miner and Miss Mayme
Tiernoy visited t.he Native Daughters
lodge at Catnanche last Saturday
afternoon.
Leo Kidd of Stockton, spent last
week with his aunt and uncle, Mr
and Mrs J. Kidd.
Francis Jiryunt is now working
nights at tbe ice plant in lono.
Mr and Mrs Jinnliiun spent a low
days of last weok in Gait.
Mrs 11. P. liurris, who has been
sick for the past few days is now on
tbe road to recovery.
Jaok Dufrene left Wednesday morn
ing for Ills mountain range with his
cattle. Pansy.
SUTTER CREEK-
July 9. — The Fourth passed off very
quietly nere, many of the Sutteiites
attended the celebration in Fly
mouth. In the evening there was a
dance given by the i'etersen Show
Co., after the performance, which was
well attended. There was quite an
attendance of Jacksonites at the
dance. . . • ■
Rev. \V. M. Plokard and wife left
Tuesday morning for a couple of
weeks sojourn in Yosemite valley.
John tirignoli has returned from
San Francisco.
Miss 12 7 a Kagiin returned Friday
night from tin extended visit in
Sacramento.
Miss Annie Jones after an extended
visit in (Jrokett and Oakland, return
ed here Wednesday evening. She was
accompanied by her cousin, Alias
Mury Prosser of Oakland.
Harry Seibe, the druggist, has been
full of smiles, and hardly ' account
able the past week, just because of
the arrival of a little daughter in the
home las': Friday.
Mrs Dan Fruser left tor Kedding
last week for an extended stay, visit
ing her daughters, Mesdumes Belle
and Kvu Adams.
Morris Hriun with Mrs liriun, left
Sunday morning for a trief visit in
Kan Francisco. The trustees of the
Sutter Creek school appointed the
following teachers for the ensuing
year: Principal, F. A. Hull; assist
ants, Misses Henrietta Poet, Rose
Law I or, Amiio Kriesmau, Ida 15. Her
man.
John Trenaman, who tias been in
Tunopnb, Nov., for about eighteen
months, returned here last Saturday
in response to a telegram that Mrs
Trenamao was seriously ill. Mr
Treuamau will remain here indefinite
ly.
Edward Jones sr., after a brief
stay here with his family, returned to
his diitios in Vallojo Thursday morn
ing.
Excelsior Kebekah Lodge No. 6 I.
O. O. F. installed their officers Wed
nesday night, Miss Maize Knapp D.
D. president of Oleta, was present
and conducted the installation cere
monies in an able mauner, assisted
by the installation drill team, and
grucd oUicers. Light refreshment
was served at its close, and a most
enjoyable evening spent. The officers
installed ware as follows: Janette
Lehmaun, iioble grand; Emma Per
kins, vice grand; Elizabeth .louos,
recording secretary; Martha Smith,
treasurer.
Mis Knapp of Oleta, and Mrs Hook
ingtou of Grass Valley, were visitors
in attendance to Excelsior Rebekah
lodge Wednesday night.
The little child of Mr and Mrs
Tom (Jorman is seriously ill.
Miss Lizzie llepper and Albert L.
Dutscbßke of Lodi, were married at
the residence of the bride's patents
Mr and Mrs John llepper in Lodi,
June Oth. Alias llepper was reared
in Mutter Cieuk, her parents living
here for many years. Him is very
pretty and of a sweet disposition, and
her former uohoolmates and friends
here wish her success and happiness
iv her wedded life Hutterite.
Most dielliiuiluu hUlii eruptions,
scrufulu, pimples, rushed, etc., are
duo tv impure blood, liurdock Wood
iiitteru iv a cleunsiug blood tonic.
Makes you olenr-eyed, oleur-bruiued,
uleur-ukiiiiiud.
lONK.
.inly J» — William Cullie, who is em
ployed in Oakland, (spent n couple of
days this week vloiting Inn sister,
Isabel Cnllle, of this place.
Next Saturdny afternoon there will
be a large gathering of people present
at the l'reston School of Industry to
nituess the imposing oeremonioa ot
the dedioutlon of the new assembly
hall. A special train will arrive here
about one o'clock from Saorameuto,
bearing the governor and ii number of
his oiUcialß, who will address the
people during .the afternoon. Ibe
lone & Eastern tailroad will tun an
excursion train, it is expected that
a number of people will take advnut
age of the low rates aud enjoy the
day.
Mr Fottner is now at work putting
In the cement sidewalk in front of
thi! Commercial hotel and n carpenter
Is doing various other improvement!*,
so that in a few wooks it. will look
like a new structure.
Alfred Segum, who lias been in
Oaklaud for a couple of years, is now
HHHisliml. bin bor In Cecil Whoelor's
barber nhop.
E. O. Anilck and family, who havo
been visiting in KxH.er, returned lust
week, and report 'having had a lino
time.
Mrs U. U. Davis came up from Oak
land last Wednesday, for a visit with
her mother, Mrs IX Stewart.
After last Monday night the busi
ness houses of lone will close thoir
doors sharnly at eight o'clock. This
is quite an advantage to those who
work in tbe stores, as it will enable
them to nave several hours) of the
evenings to themselves.
Tbe' l sue grammar sohool trustees
held their meeting last Tuesday night
and elected as teachers for the ensuing
terra: Mr Goodell, principal; Misses
Ituub, Frouty and Joses as assistants.
Mrs J. b\ Scott is expected home
today from Sacramento, wbere she
has been visiting this last week.
Quite a number from lone took in
the celebration at Plymouth lust
Saturday.
Next Sunday afternoon there will
be a game of base bull between Jack
son aud lone. Last Sunday the lone
boys played Plymouth, but were de
feated. Plymouth scoring several
points ahead. loneite.
Church Notes.
EPISCOPAL.
Services will be conducted as fol
lows at tbe Methodist church next
Sunday: Tbe pustor will preach in
the morning on "The voyuge of life,"
aud !u the eveuing on "The advant
ages of irieligioti. ■ Tbe public is
cordiully invited. The Sunday
school at 01 a. in., bofore tbe morn
ring preaching sorvices. This will be
the time for Sunday school during
the very hot weather.
Regular services will be held in St.
Augustine's Episcopal church :ib
follows:
11 h. m. — First and third Sunday
in ench month.
7:30 p. in. — Second und fourth Sun
day in each month.
Stops earache in two minutes;
toothacba or pain of burn or scald iv
live minutes ;"hoarsoness, , one hour;
muscleuche, two boms; sore tbrout,
twelve hours— Dr. Thomas Eolectric
Oil, monarch over pain.
The 4th at Matulich's Range
El Dorado County
At the range of the Matulich liros.
iv El Dorado county, great prepara
tions were made to have a home cele
bration of independence day that
would out-do everything in that sec
tion. The affair was wafted far and
wide, and a large gathering was at
tracted to the scene. The literary
program took up considerable time
and some what crowded the afternoon
exercises. The amusement program
included ladies' race, men's race,
boys' race, old men's raco, three
legged race, sack race, ear race,
greasy pole climbing, tug of war,
horse raoes, etc. A dance was given
in the evening. Everything passed
off pleasantly, and all seemed to have
a good time.
O JX. J3 *Z* O H. X XSu .
Bear| iU x?™' Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature /y^* sV/ffif-^Z
Sutherland— Leek Marriage.
Last Sunday, the fifth, at high
noon at tit. Paul's Epicsopal oburob
In Hau Fraucisco, Frederick J.
.Sutherland and Miss Eva Leek were
quietly married by Key. Keuison in
the presence of a few close friends
aud relatives. Directly atter the ser
vioes they left for Lake Taboe, where
they will spend a few weeks' honey
moon prior to their return to Pacific
Grove, where they will make their
homo.
Mr Suthui liiiul is the geueral super
luteudeutof the Monterey aud SuliiuiH
electric lighting aud power system.
Mrs (Sutherland is woll known la
this county, having lived hero aud
in Pino Grove rnoHt of her life, ieav-
Hig here about a year ago.
If you haven't the time tv wxerciso
regularly, Doau's Kegulttts will pre
vent constipation. They induce a
mild, eusy, healthful notion of the
bowelH without griping. Ask your
druggist for them, U.u>.
, AVt^ni! TEIKA72K JACKSON. CATJFouiNJUt,
A girl seventeen years of ago would
like to get work In a smalt hotel
waiting on (ablefl or chamber maul,
or a small family without dig
children but bnliy. Wagea tlO n
month, small family #15 n month.
Address Miss Isabel Dow! lng, De-
fender, Amador county, Cal.
)o 12 1 -in
BORN.
MITOHKLLh-tn lone, June W, 1908,
to the wife of K. 11. Mitchell, a son.
McLAUCJiIhIN. — In Jackson, July 7,
11)08, tn the wife of Jesse Mc-
ijßiighliu, a son.
SKIUE. —In Sutter Greek, July 3,
1008, to the wile of 11. H. Belbo,
a (laughter.
UIANNINI. —In Jaokson, July 8.
1008, to the wife of Nick Uiannini,
a sou. • :.
"" "~M II A RR ll EDi_^ '
mjrTuiTiTi^riXhKtn?^^
olsoo, .July 5, 1008, at St. Paul's
Kpiscopal church by the Kov. Keni-
sou, Frederick J. Suthetlnnd und
Misa JOvu Leok, both of l'aoillo
tJrove.
UUTSOHSKM-lljipPEß.- In Lodi,
Juno «, 1908, Albert "Li. UutßChßlio
ot Lodl, and Miss Lizzie lloppor of
Lodi. formerly ot Sutter Creek.
UIED.
iTTysHn^iT^ATlJhui^iT^^
7, 1008, JVli'H Jano Kisseli, a nntuu
of Knglaud, agod 75 years, 0 months,
anrl 8 days.
o«<r«9o<**»o»oooeo8«o»e»<8ooi»
• *
{banking j
IBY MAIL ]
e Tbe Stockton Savings and «
• .Loan Kiuiioty with resources *
J of 554,U00,0U0.00 offers every ?
• I'nlility for doiug u banking o
• business hy moil. Checks •
J taken payable in uuy purt of ®
« the United States. Our ays- «
• torn ot banking by mail •
2 practically brings this great *J
« bank to youi door. To open «
• an account with us, place »
JJ the amount you wish to start j
O within an envelope addressed £
O to us and by return mail you •
J will reoeive a bank book •
0 showing the amount of your «
• deposit. The United States •
J mails are safe and no one £
o ever lost a dollar in this way. m
« We solicit the accounts of •
J farmers, business men aud J
• others and assure them court- •
© eous and liberal treutinunt. o
fp ~~~—~' ——————^—~ — — — — — - «0« 0
• Kindly mention this Pacr •
• Send for free Booklet. •
• «
| STOCKTON SAVINGS. 5
• AND LOAN SOCIETY I
j •
• Stockton, California. 2
5 •
0 m
Only a few days more of tho
Closing-Out Sale
All Millinery stock on
sale at cost price at
Miss Hayfbrd's
Plumes far cheaper
than at Cawston's Os-
trich Farm.
They
BIG L^^^^^^W
PLYMOUTH
CELEBRATION
The Fourth of July celebration in
Plymouth last Saturday proved a
success in every ntij. Tug crowd
atteudlug was not mh largo hh was «ix
iieutod. All the building?, oc Main
street wore beautifully decoruted and
many private residences woru draped
with bunting, J.he proceedings open
ed with the grand parade, which was
iniidvmlmil.ly delayed tor an hour by
the liberty car gutting ciiught iv on
uverhoad wire. Loading the parade
was Ci P. Violui, as nitushal, assisted
by Mis L. ISurko, I'ulluwuU liy tho
Plymouth baud iv natty uniforms.
The cars mid floats iv order were the
Liberty oar carrying ttio goddess,
Miss Daphne Culburt of Plymouth,
and children representing tue states,
while) tho driver, John Meatier, was
attiied us Uncle Sum; the Pioneer
curiiuge; JS'ativo Utuigutere 1 float,
with Mrs Jennie Ciiiln, dressed iv
yellow silk to represent, California,
with two little Indian girls dressed
us poppies; then came the Native
Daughters till dressed iv white and
cariyiug white piiiasoln; the Uleo
dluhj iS'iilivi) Sons' limit currying Miss
Eluiu l>uf;aii us Minorvu, with thu
muinbers of the parlor maruhiug be
hind; next tiauio little Wayne Walton
drcstit'd as Uuclu Sinn and leading a
mndu up gout; the carriage of
J'/lilio Jjawaud ; the Rebekuu curringo
decorated with ever grueus aud
llowors, mid cariyiug five members of
the lodge; the Odd Fellows' float,
nrruiiged to represent v scene peculiar
to the lodge, lollowed by the mombers
on foot; uini last of all came a little
dog curt lud by two small boys with
little Vivian Jiuiku seated in the
curt.
The judges, Mrs Kiley and Alias
Depauli of Slitter Creek, Fred Eudey
of Jackson, Mr Hammer of iono, and
(Jus Urilio of Volcano, awarded the
prize of SIU for the beet decorated
float to the Native Daughters, S3 to
the Kebekabs for the best decorated
carriage und 35 to Roseuwald & Ktihn,
for the best decorated building, while
special mention was made of the little
dog unit, and a personal prize given
by Mr Hummer.
Fred Loinoin of Jackson tiered as
president of the day; Fred Hall read
the Declaration of Independence,
Judge Rust of Jackson was orator.
The musio whs furnished by the gleo
club. The flag drill by sixteen
young girls under the leadership of
Miss dlavicb, accompanied on the
piano by Miss Mac Huston, showed
careful training.
(iumos and Sports.
Married ladies' race prize 82.50,
Mrs Ola Walton.
liicycle race So, George Easton.
Men's iuco 85, George Upton jr.
Girls' race 82.60, Miss Hazel Easton,
Three lugged race 85, Wni Scoblo
and George Upton jr.
Back race 82.50 O. Hilaud.
Hoys' race 82.50 Piitchard
Donkoy race S2.MJ, tied.
Horse raco, first prize 815. (Juy
Tutile, second piize §10, Harry
White. I'rizea iv the horribles to the
bund und A. L. Wuit, who rigged up
au "uutomobile." Tho horrible
speech wus made by Frud Lumoin.
Tim grund ball in the evening was
opoiiod by a grund march led by
Miss Culbeit, tho goddess, and her
father. Musio was furnished by
Bowers' orchestra of Stockton, lian
quets were served at the Adams hotel
und the Hnrvey house. One hundred
and twelve tickets wore sold for the
ball.
On Sunday the hall game between
lone and Volcano wus won by lone
by v score of 7 to 5 with the purse of
875.
J no committee of uirangements was
composed of (>. ISoos, L. liurke,
Cbas. Davore, Tony Levaggi aud
A. Dach, to whom a grout deal of
credit is due for the mauner in which
they managed the affair.
If You Want - ;
Good Health
DRINK NOTHIKO BUT
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN THE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Malt
SACKAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. myS9
! OUR POLICY
J I This bank eeoks to prosper by
i 1 aggressive businoss getting
<• uiethoda which, however, shall
J I in no wuy involve the Bncrillce
a of our diguity and Importance
' ■ as a financial institution. It
J \ is our policy to strictly adhero
111 1 to the principles of sound
<> banking, to give liberal w.-
J ', commodations within tbe
1^ limit of prudeuce hikl safety,
< > to keop our resources always
|| at 0 sutu sutUcieut to meet
,', our deposit liabilities, with a
o ltirgo marglu foi safety. Our
|| watchword is safety, Ursr, last
 and always. We seek your
* boutldeuce and patronage on
<' t this basis.
o Bank of Amador County
< ' Jackson. California.
• <*
• GO TO THE •
jii n i
S When You "RIJT? All •
i I Dl PORTO 8 CO- PRO'RS- 1
J VI
0 m,
• We alsolkoep a large stock of Suiuio •
W aud Fancy ■
{ GROCERIES 2
m m
s Oar Specialty— Froshlßreadievery day m
O except Su«"doy m
WHAT WE DO
We loan our money on Real
Estate tnily, valued at twice tho
amount of our loan. In addition
to this double security, wo fur-
ther protect our depositors by a
Paid Up Capital und Surplus of
$8 75,000.00.
Wo pay the taxes on
your deposits.
Wo pay 3 per cent and •! per
cent dividends suml-annually.
Wo are under tho state law.
Resources. $2.380,000
People's
Savings Bank
SACRAMENTO, CAL.
Send for our booklet,
"BANKING BY MAIL."
Electrical Wiring
Of all descriptions
Door and Call bells and
. short lino Telephones
intalled in any home.
For particulars cull
G. M. Voorheis • • Main 2
Jackson ... California
SHOEMAKING
V. MAROVICH
located in
Jj. Radovloh'a saloon ut Main
street briiltfe.
Tho best kind of
workmanship and i'uily
10 percent loss than any
ono elso In town.
Notice to Creditors.
Kfttnte of John Voea deceased. Z
Notloo Is hereby given by the tinder-
fltgned. odmlnlßtrator of the estate ot
John Voss, deceased, to the creditor?
of and (ill persons having olßims
ngninst, the said deconsed, to exhibit
them, with the oecessury vouchers.
within four months after the first
publication of this notice to the said
administrator, at tho law otlice ol'
Win. J. McUee, Court streot, Jaok-
son, California, the, game being tbe
placo for the transaction of the busi-
ness of said eetnte, in said Amador
county.
Dated June 2, 1008.
U. E. I'Ori'WK,
Administrator of tho estate of Jobn
Voss decensed.
Wm. J. McUoe,
Attorney for administrator.
Jo r>, B-t
Notice for Publication."
2203
Department ot the Interior—
U.H. Land Oillce at Sacramento, Calif.
JllJ 11 tie 8, IUOB.
Notice 1h linrciiy given that (>ust
I'i'ttciHiiii. of I'ortlnud, Oregou, who,
on Mny 14, ISJOH, made timber aud
stone sworn Htatement, No '2i!(i;i, tor
the ti\4 of SK'^and S,'a of SW»4, Sec-
tion 1, '.rowriHliifi 7 N., Range 14 K.,
Mount Dinblo Moridlau, has Uled
notice of iiilonliiin to make linal
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before the Rpgister
and Receiver at U. S. Laud OHlce in
Sacramento. Calif., ou the 20th day
of August, J9OB.
Claimant mimes as witnesses: T. A.
('hlchlzolfl of Amador City, Cnlif., J.
H. Molfett Hiid Charles Eriokson, of.
Portland, Oregou, and O, C. liiuce-
of Wost Point, Calif.
JOHN V, ARMSTRONG,
je 12-td Register.
Notice for Publication
2214
Department ot the Interior—
U.S. Land Otlice at Sacramento, Calif.
' June Jl>, 1908.
Notice is hereby given that James
A. Chichizola, of Aaiador City,
Calif., who, on June 14, 1008, made
timber aud- stone sworn stntemeut,
No. U214, for NWI4. Section 12, Town-
ship 7 N.. i;hij«« 14 E., Moiuiv. Diablo
Meridimi, has died notice ot inten-
tion to make tlnul proof, to establish
claim to tbe land above described,
before the Kegister and Receiver at
U. S. Laud OrHce iu Saortinieuto,
Calif., ou tbe i2."itii day of lAuuust
1008.
Claimant names as witnesses:
E. JM. Culbert and K. D. Myers of
Amadnr City, Calif., William Urown
of Oleta, Calif., and L. H. Cook of
Voloano, Calif. . .
JOHN F. ARxMSTRONU,
jnelO Kegister.
Notice for Publication
2213
Department ot the Interior—
U.S. Liaud Ottice at Macratuonto.Uulit.
June 15, 1003.
Notice is hereby given that James
W. Alarr, ot iMyiuoutb, Calif., who,
on Judo 10, VMS. made timber and
stoDe sworn statement, No. 2'JIU, for
NEJ4\ Section 31. Township 7 N.,
Khiiko 14 K., Mount Diablo Meridian,
has Uled notice of intention to make
final proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before 'ho
Register aud Keceiver at U. h>. Land
Ollico iu ijuorauionto, Calif., on the
'J'jth day of August, VMH.
ClHituiiut litinics !i.i witnesses:
Frederick Kabb of Butter "Cheek,
Calif., William Urown of Olota,
Calif., A. Pioi and Frank Kuowlton
of Amador City. Calif.
JOHN P. ARMSTRONG,
jolU Register.
HODSON
#tThe Photographer K^
ENLARGED PICTURES
PHOTOS
214- S San Joaquin st.
STOCKTON
813 K st SACRAMENTO
1250 Clay st OAKLAND
• •••••••••••••••••••••••a*
I DAILY STAGE LINE •
• 11KTWKKN •
• JACKSON and ELMORADO •
• J. Stelner, Proprietor. •
? Leaves Jackson every morning ut7:3O J
• a.m.: arrives at Plymouth 10:80 a. m. •
• Leaves l'lymouth at 1 p.m.; arrives at •
J El Uorudo Bp. iu. J
2 Leaves El Dorado 7:15a. m ; arrives J
■ at l'lyiuoulli II u. in. LeuvoN Plymouth *
• at 3p. in.; arrlvosin Jackson at 5 p. m. *
JJ OririCKH— JuckNon.Nnttonul Hotel; But- J
™ ter Crook, Anmrivun KxcltuoKo; Amu- \
z dor City, Auiudor Hotel; Dry town, Kx- I
J chunge; l'lyiuoutb, Forest Ilouuo. J
• Prompt delivery of packages, •
• This line connecti* with passenger *
• trains to aodtroiaPlucorvilto. *
Z THROUGH FARE •."'•'•■ *280 JJ
• Fifty pounds of baggage (rue. •
•••••••■•••••••■••••••••••A Beautiful Picture
Given Away With Every Box of
KIRO TOOTH POWDER
PRICE • Twenty-five cents
RUHSER'S CITY PHARMACY.
Jackson* Cal.
TEMPERATORE AND UAINFAL.I-.
This table gives tho hlghoflt oncl lowest tern
peraturo In JucUson for ouch duy, togotlior wi th
the rainfall, as recorded by self-reßtstorinß
Instruments kept at tho Ledjfcr office :
! ■ ta !
iTompi Si
iL.;H.i 2\
JnrnTl. 1M)8; 4j; HO ..,.!;
a i IO : 70-
8 i 38! 78!,,..
i : 4:1: 7-t|
6 i 44; Hi>
t ! 47i 85'
7 i W' W):
g i 44 81....;
0 ! 45 85
10 i 49 F7i I
tl i 51! 88 ....I
\t ! !»3| »U; ii
13 i M| S^i
U I SO 81 I
li i nil Rh
Id ! 48 : HO ...I!
!Tcm!p:Sl
i Divto. i 5.
;l |H. 3#
June 17 ! 47; HO —
N 13 ; 45 n\ ■•••
II 11l ; 44; n\''.lf
;i 2(1 : 45' (S3:
H ai ! 44; 70; —
;; S!2 i4l 80! 1 * ■
;! 23 ! 4(1 »4i - - •
I; 24 ! Ml 97 WJ
; 25 i BO 118!
! 2» I 57; 91;--- 1
i 27 i 55 9«;
; 28 i 58 08;
H %) ! 65 li«)
\\ 30 jO3 88 ••••
i| 31 | i j--"
!Tcm!p:Sl
i Divto. i 5.
;l |H. 3#
June 17 ! 47; HO —
N 13 ; 45 n\ ■•••
II 11l ; 44; n\''.lf
;i 2(1 : 45' (S3:
H ai ! 44; 70; —
;; S!2 i4l 80! 1 * ■
;! 23 ! 4(1 »4i - - •
I; 24 ! Ml 97 WJ
; 25 i BO 118!
! 2» I 57; 91;--- 1
i 27 i 55 9«;
; 28 i 58 08;
H %) ! 65 li«)
\\ 30 jO3 88 ••••
i| 31 | i j--"
! ■ ta !
iTompi Si
iL.;H.i 2\
JnrnTl. 1M)8; 4j; HO ..,.!;
a i IO : 70-
8 i 38! 78!,,..
i : 4:1: 7-t|
6 i 44; Hi>
t ! 47i 85'
7 i W' W):
g i 44 81....;
0 ! 45 85
10 i 49 F7i I
tl i 51! 88 ....I
\t ! !»3| »U; ii
13 i M| S^i
U I SO 81 I
li i nil Rh
Id ! 48 : HO ...I!
Total rainfall for month a. 81 inches
Total rainfall for soason to date 17.:iilI nches
To corresponding porlod last season 12.10 "
LOCAL NEWS
LOSi'-On tho twenty-third day of
Juno, a lady's gold watch, hunter
casod, scolloped and engraved. The
movement was a Waltham. On the
road botween Jackson and Volcano.
Reward. Dr. M. K. Smith, Volcano,
Cal.
Mrs A. J. Sargent of Middle liar,
who has been ou a protracted visit to
relatives in the valley oounties, re
turned home last week.
Ijcuvjh Love, employed in the
Southern Pacifies olliee in San l-'nin
oiiioo, oamo up Saturday on a flying
visit to bis mother, returned Sunday.
Miss Kose Fortner came up from
lone Sunday evening, and is the
guest ot Mrs Zumbiel.
Mrs Mary llurt.iiiim of San Jose is
visiting relatives in this city.
Mrs Km m a House, who has been
visit ing hor mother, Mrs Uorryman, iv
this city, accompanied by bor two
children, returned to ber home in
Sucramonto early this week.
Ktnost Lemin, who is employed iv
a drug store in Han Francisco, camo
up last week on a short visit to bin
parents.
Kay Murphy, son of Dan Murphy
of Hutto City, who was badly injured
by being run over by an electric car
in Chico, some months ago, which
necessitated? the amputation of bis
right foot, returned home last weok
on a visit He has had an artificial
tout fitted, aud is able to move around
so naturally that no one would notice
the difference.
Mrs V. M. Karwell and son 11 years
of age, came up from Oakland lust
week, to spend the vacation at tbe
Jose < Juloh mine at Uutte City, of
which Mr Farwell is superintendent.
They will return to the city iv about
six weeks, when the public schools
reopou for tbe next term.
A. 11. Mroad and Henry Whitney,
both stockholders and directors of
tbo Jose Gulch Wining Company,
came up this week, to attend a meet
ing of the diiectors, which was held
ou Monday. They returned to the
city Tuodsay.
Mr Lofstad has purchased two min
ing claims in proximity to bis own
property in Pioneer district; one
from Mrs Casseaa and tbe other from
Wostfall and Uagburg. He has
severul men at work developing tho
sumo, with excellent prosnect. A
very flatlet ing crushing was made
some mouths ago on ore taken from
the Westfall claim, which warrauts
the belief that it will develop Into
good pay lug propmty.
J. I*. Wilson. Dentist. Hours oa.
in. to 5 p. in. Phone — Office, black
141: residence, Blaok 394: Jaokson.
The l'eterseu show troupe, which
spent ii week here, gave a dance iv
Butter July 4. A tew Jaokson people
went over aud report having a good
time. Quite a few Jackson it us wont
to Plymouth to celebrate.
Huve you an electric door bell?
Have one installed ; they're handy.
Cull up Main '2.
Mrs K. V. Zuublel left for Bucru
nionto Sunday, ou v two weeks' visit
with iriondd.
Tho Amadnr Mills at lone ate oll'or
inK mouutain pino lumber at SiiU per
M; Oregon piuo at 822 per M. Any
rum wanting lumber will do well to
cull on thiun aa the stock will not last
long. Amador Mills.
While under tho influence of liquor,
,Jauk llanloy of Now York Kaucb.
who had been having v good tirno
for a coniilu of duya, foil off tho eido
walk in front of the postotHco lato
Kiiciiiy night, lie hurt hia wrist bad
ly, but thought it would bo wall by
morning. In the morning it was
paining him so badly that he went to
Dr. Uibbons, who found that it had
been badly sprained.
Wm. U. Snydei, who has beeu in
Sun Frauoiaoo and .Nevada county for
tho past weok, returned to Jackson
Tuesday .
I'ostmustiir Uudou went r.o San
b'rancisco lust Sunday on busiuuss
ana returned Tuesday.
Dr. L. 11. Martin, who left here on
liorneliack early last Hatu nitty for
Angels Camp, to spend the fourth
with bia sister, who lives there, ro
turnod Monday eveuing. lie wa3
sitting in an autouiobilo directly
opposite the Miuers' Union hall when
(be banister gave way, letting five
mon tall to tbo ground.
11.' L. Fryer, who holds a position
at Urn electric plant, loturnod Mon
day from Oregon, whither be went a
few weeks ago to visit with bia par
nuts. Now that he fins returned
thero have liemi rumor.s that the Vol
cano baseball team, of which Fryer is
the pitcher, will tnuke :m offer to
play any touui in tbo county for a
side bet of 8250.
Last Sunday morning early (J, 15.
Arditto, the game warden, went down
the lone road aa far a^ Dufreue's to
see if ho 'could find anyone shooting
doves iv that neighborhood out of
season. He stopped at Uiilrono's
and loft his horse standing iv trout.
Suddenly he noticed the automobile,
which spent a number ot days around
hero, coming down the road at a good
clip. Knowing that his horso would
booome frightened, ho made a run to
catch tho horso by tho bridle. Juot
na he reached out to take hold his
foot slipped from boneath him, with
tho result that his left leg was so
badly wrenched thai he could not
walk. He is still limping around on
a cane.
Tuesday afternoon <sus ijovorone,
the constable, received a phono
message trnm Mai tells station to
come out there immediately. Ho
wenc out, aud found that Kullon bad
been having v little troublo with
Dick Camiuotli, who has beeu drink
ing heavily for the past weok.
Fullou hud lipdii persuading him to
U<i home, which hestouty refused to
do. So Leverono was called iv aud
Cn-ninotti was takon to his borne.
(Jreon aud Katto commenced Wed
nesday to make some improvements
about their livery stable on Main
street. The front of the building will
all be painted a deep «ronn. On the
inside, tbo ollice will be rebuilt, aud
a large plate glass window put iv, so
that tbero will '.be more light than
heretofore. The olllco will also bo
fitted up as a sitting room for the
aouomodatiou of the public
If your cigar lighter* get out of
whack, (iil Voorbeis will fix it for
you.
Jiuy tbo beat sewing' machines
made, for sale cheap. Z. T. Justus,
Weil Hldg. Jackson.
Knv. MctJlnary, who has been visit
ing the various churches in thin dis
trict, came down from l J iue drove
yesterday morning aud wont to
Hucramonto. He was acoompaniod by
Knv. Jotiu P. Appletou of the Pine
Grove church wbo will visit for
awhile iv I'aolHo Urove.
Dr. U 11. Martin will leave to
morrow for Concord tor it few days
ou business, after which he will re
turn to Jackson for a abort tituo.
instead o( Immting iv C'ouoord, he
will go to Angols Cuoip, where he bag
a good outlay.
M. L. Smith Notary Public and
Stenographer, Court St., Juokcou,
Telephone liluck 113.
Fill DAY, JULY io, IDOB
Al laa Charlotte Hayford, who h««
been visiting with ber sister, Mlsa
Myrtle Hayford for tho past month,
will leave tomorrow fo^ her home In
Uerkeley. Hhfl will be followed the
coming Saturday by Misa Myrtle,
who will close up hor millinery hual
iiflßfl mid take tho remaining Block
with her.
Alt and j\lr« Ooorgo Tangey camo
up from San Krntiuiaon and will
spend a throe weoks' vacation with
Mrs Tangey's purents, Alt nnd Mrs
ilnnien Craso. Miss Liizzlo Criifi 1 ,
who has been working in Stockton
met them at that place nnd also came
up to spend a variation.
Dr. Smith of Volcano nud John
( inrbai im camo in from Marlellß
etntiou yesterday atterunon wltb the
doctor's now auto carriage, which he
will iikii in hia practice in nud about
Volcano. It In not the icgulfltioD
nutomobilii, but \a built like an
ordinary buggy, with large wheels,
but is 111 ted • up with a gasoline
engine. They are supposed to be
better fitted for this mountainous
country.
Miss Hilda dough nud hor friend,
Misa Hcilene Khobsou, who wiih visit
ing lime a fow weeks ago, will leave
San Fiauoisco tomorrow bound for
Europe, whore they wiU tour for a
ii tun bor of months.
Air Wylie, principal of the Jackson
schools, aud family left Alunday for
Willows, their old home, where they
will upend tbe summer vacation.
Ablert Molliuo, who was admitted
to tbe bar about six •months go, lett
Wednesday morning for San Fran
cisco, after spending few days here
ou business. •
Ali9s Mary Prossor ot Suttor Creek
is here visiting with tbe Peeks.
Weldoy Yager, who is employed at
tho electric plant, wifo and child,
weut to San Francisco Wednesday to
spend v couple weeks' vacation.
Alisa Irene Kolger came up yeater
duy from Vallejo to visit lor awhile
with her other, Mrs Al. Folger.
Herman Cramer, manager of the
New-England Mutual Life Insurance,
arrived last eveuing, aud will spend
a few days ou business.
W. F. Detert returned last night
after an absence of about three weoks.
Pule Quilici. who works at the
macaroni factory, got his hand
caught iv one of the machines yester
day afternoon while he was cleaning
it, with tbe result thut one of tbe
kuivcH caught two of his tlugers ou
tho right hand, cutting the ends off
both of thorn, though it did not
touch tho bone. Dr. Sprague dressed
the wound.
Last Sunday evening the local
Servian Heuevolonc met in
Odd Fellows' bull aud celebrated the
tenth anniversary of tbe foundation of
tbe lodgo iv this country. After the
regular burliness, tbe members aud
their wives met in the hull below,
where a banquet was served.
Airs Al. J. Vourhei9 will go to
Souoru tomorrow, and will viail with
Mr aud Mrs J. 11, Story.
Alias Mamie Noruiau will leave iv
tbo morning for v vacation in Lako
county. She will meet v party from
Sau Francisco with whom she will
spuud the summer.
Liuo. 11. Young, broker of Sacra
mento, wbo bus been negotiating the
purchase of tho Jackson brewery from
John Strohm for the past year, wus
in town yesterday to make Una!
uiruugemeuts. A stock company,
incorporated at probably g50,00U,
will lie formed Mr Stiobm returning
only it small share of the stock. It
is understood that a number of protni
neut Sucrumuuto brewers are interest
ed iv tbe pioject. The ice plant
will be considerably enlarged.
Airs Jobu Uatcheler and three
children iutt yesterday morning for
Atwater, Stanislaus couuty, whore
they will visit for uwbile with her
tut ber.
Aim Jobu Rule weut to Mill Valley,
iv Mann couuty, yesterday uud
expects to visit for about thiee weeks.
Mrs (Jeorge Drendoll, who has beeu
at her ranch at Tubeau reservoir tor
the past few days on business, aud
children returned to San Francisco
this morning.
Alihs Nellie Urittou lett this morn
ing for Kenu, Nevada, where she will
visit with relatives.
Curds have just been issued an
nouueiug the marriage of Oscur M.
Bryant and Miss Lulu Uertrude
ISoarmnu at Trinity fohupel iv Sun
FruuciHCO ou Sunday, July 12. .Miss
liourman is tbe niece of Aim (J. II
tiarriugtou.
The Dramatic Club, which <s a
church organization, have dacldud
thut ou Friday evening the :ilst, they
will put oil tbe stage "The Pet ot
Caison," for tbe benefit of tbe
cburuh.'
Miss Catherine Arnoat* and Miss
Elizabeth told, both ot Amador City,
were visiting Mrs J (Jrilliu iv this city
yesterday.
Alrt) Frank Simoiob left for Tusnan
Springs yesterday morning for v
mouth's recreation.
<=> .A. £3 • ." O 3HC. -JC ./». .
Uean tho Kind You Have AlwJys Bough
iiirnature fjf' . //s'/?» .</-
Quarrel Causes Arrests.
Joe Truvius-n and Melio linncero
wero arrested Monday on buttery
Charge. It eeema Hint the Inst two
li'i'l lircd iii.iir tlio UevilaqußH at
Bcoltifjlls, and on hocouml, of family
troubles were moving to South Jack
"on, As they were comlnß Into town
About noon that day they met John
Jifvlln<iiia nenr JJrisitoll'fl place. Hot
wnnls weie passed betweau thorn,
wliun tlio imy muMonly drew a re
volvnr troin his pocket, and thrcntenod
the two mon with It. i'o protect
tlioinanlvos Ttaveraa and Uancero
tried to take the gnu away, nnd In
tlio scuUlo it wua dlecbargod whilo
o* oof them had hold of tho muzzle,
tho powder hurtling his hand badly.
T'io hoy aIBO hit one of the mon on
Hi'! leiiiic.l<l(>h with the gun, eoverely
bruising his hand. After taking tho
WOBpon Rwny Irom tho boy they pro-
Ceeded to lulministor a thrashing. In
tlu! afternoon ilnvllnquu senior and
junior camo to town to awanr out a
wiirnint for t/ie arrost of Traveras
Htirl lSaucero. Lavorouo commuul
(rated with Vlcini, who wua in I'ly
mouth at the time, and ho was in
structed to keep young Hovilaqiia,
who wan then lodged in tbo county
jail. Monday the other two wore
urrestedj and all tlitce wero taken bo
fnto Judge (ioldner. They all pland
Kiiilty na obarged. Judge Uoldnor
lined lioviliii|iia 85, while the otheia
were fined 830 cnoh, which they paid.
Runaway Accident
Dr. I'jiidicott was called to Ham's
r-lntiiui last Friday to attend Airs
Ufa ham, who bad sustained a frac
ture of the leg. Her husband bus
been employed about the Standard
Klectric saw mill in the niountnius.
Mrs Graham was out driving in a
curt, diivlng a mule. I'ho mule be
cuiiin unmanageable, and ran away,
and Mrs (iiaham was thrown violent
ly to tbo ground sustaining among
other lesser injuries a severe fracture
ot one limb. Dr Mndicott arrived
there Friduy night and set the limb.
While so engaged another messago
ennio oulliug him to Hear river, whore
a camper, Neil Williamson, bad been
Hci/.ed with a stroke of paralysis. A
tiMim was in waiting, and tbe doctor
hurried away to the uftiioted one,
some seventeen miles from Hums
station. Williamson is from 'Slitter
Creek, nnd went on a dumping tour
in tho mountains for bis health. He
hiu l suffered from a similar attack
once before. He was advised to re
turn home, and the party sturted as
boon as possible. They reuched
Cook's station, wbeu the doctor was
again summoned, and he weut up
again Tuesday morning.
Ball Game Last Sunday.
Last. Sunday the Mokelumno Hill
baseball team played a return game
with the Jacksou nine on tbe local
ground. Krom the outset the Jack
sons burl the best of tho game, the
scoio ut tho end standing 113-2 in
favor ut tbe town boys. Up to the
last iuuiugs of the Jackson team
tho score had stood (i-2, but tho
visitors becamo tattled in that inn
ings, and even ufteiglhey bad put two
men out, tho Jucksous mf.de six runs.
At one poitit of the game it looked as
though it would end because of a
decision of tbo umpire. This was in
the sixth iuuing. A Mokuiuinne Hill
player had . knocked a safely and
through an error had made eocoud.
Thomas, who was playing fliHt, called
to Arditto. the pitcher, to throw him
the ball. The umpire then called tbo
runner out for not touching first
hiis.H. The visitors refused to play
any longer, but finally compromised
it, the runner taking first base In
stead of second. One good double
play waa made during the game. A
hot liner was knocked to Deluhide,
wbo j was playing short stop. He
picked the bull up quickly, uud threw
it to second. Fortner, wbo passed it
to first, putting out both men, on a
close decision.
Dove and Deer Season,
The seasou for the killing of doves
and deer will open next Wednesday,
the tlfteeuth. Tho bug limit for
doves ib -•"» per day, while a person is
not allowed to shoot mote tban two
bucks in a season. Since the llrst of
tbo mouth tbe county clerk has
issued v largo number of hunting
liceuses. Already bunting parties
ure being formed to bunt fur the big
game below here, where they are ni
poited us being plentiful, uud higher
up In the uiouutulus, where large
droves, as niunv »* twelve or fifteen,
Imvo beeu Been at different times.
Doves this your uro more pleutitul
than for some years.
To Close Millinery Business
Minn Mrytlo Uavfurd, who has con
ducted tbe millinery store on upper
Main street for the pant couple of
years will positively begin to pack
the remaining stock the middle of
next week preparatory to leaving
next Saturday. The stock consists of
htraw aud felt shapes, feathers,
flowers, etc. , aud will be sold at a
groat sacrifice for tbe next few days.
Furnished Jtooins to let: inquire at
Ledger ollico.
STILL IN THE FRONT
For full lines of cloth-
ing, shoes, drygcods,
gloves, silks, laces,
embroideries, ladies'
waists and ties, and
corsets, all of which
will be sold to the
people of Amador
county for less than
any house in the
state, taking out the
expenses and ex-
press charges.
SHOW'S CASH STORE
Sutter Creek - California
SUPERIOR COURT
PROCEEDINGS
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
The l'eople vs. Agostino liorcllo. —
Trial set for July 21. Tbe trials of
Domenico Manzo, Giovunno liattis'ti
and Marco Uorello to follow.
Tho People vs. C. Lepori.— Trial
set for July '27.
JObas'.Gib'bert vs. liosa L. Gibbert.
— luterlocutory decree of divorce
granted plaintiff.
Eatato of Edward 13. O'Nail.— Order
continuing sale of real estate. Tbe
property being lot 8 in block 4 Sutler
Creek, was sold to A. Gughuido for
815.
Estate of John Ecknrt. — Decree of
distribution filed.
Mary J. Tabeau vs. Celeste F.
Tabeau. — Kiuul decree ot divorce
granted.
John Uickolaus et al vs. J. C.
Stuait et ul. — Ali'.ltei submitted to
court for consideration aud decision.
SIOO Reward, $100.
The readers of this paper will bo
pleased to learn that thero is at least
one dreaded disease that science has
been able to euro' in all its Btajjes and
that is Catai-rah; Hull's Cutiirruh Cure
is tho only positive euro now known to
tin) medical fraternity. CataiTuh be
ing a constitutional disease, requires ii
constitutional treatment. Hull's Catar
ruh Cure is lukon internally, acting
directly upon tho hlood and mucous
surface of tho system, thereby destroy
ing the foundation of the disease, a, rid
and giving the patient strength by
building up the constitutional anil as
sisting nature in doing its work. The
proprietors have so much faith in its
curative powers, that they otTor on
Hundred Dollars for any case it fails to
cure. Send for list of testimonials.
Address. F. J. Cheney & Co.,
Toledo, O.
Sold by druggists, 7oc.
Hall's Family Pills are the host
Wants Her Back Alimony Paid.
Matilda Dennis Tuesday Hied mil
ugainst Wjlford Dennis to compel
him to pay for her support, according
to an order of court made iv Apt 11.
1900. On tbe ] lib or that mouth sho
says, be was iequirod to pay 850 a
month for the support of herself and
ber two cbildteu, but he totally failed
to do so. She usks that 81200 be paid
her immediately aud 8250 counsel fees
iv addition, aud tbut bo be compelled
to pay tbe BiiO a mouth henceforth. —
Chronicle,
Tbe above suit was transferred
about v mouth ago from this county
to the courts of Suu IVrauoisoo.
Entertained at Whist.
Lust Monday evening Miss Kthel
Lemoiu entortaiued a number of her
girl friends at progressive whist lit
tbe Lemoiu residence. Tboso preseut
were Miss Koran Spugnull and her
friend Miss field, tbe Misses (•rilttm,
Miss Amy Clark, Miss Vitgiuia Volu
and her iriemi Mihm liurtoldus. After
spending a pleasuut oveniug at curds
light retreßhaiouts wero served. The
affair was given Iv honor of tho
visiting friends, Wua field unit Miss
Martolduti.
OOCUMENTS RECORDED.
| 'flu! following instruments have been Hlc.l
lor record In the recorder's office since our la»i
report. Wo publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to accede to
liny request to suppress any document from
these columns. Don't nslc us to do vo
Deeds.— Lucy A. aud (ieorge Keffc
to August Urillo. 40 acres in 22-7-12, •
SlO. .
lJatent.—-U.l J atent.— -U. S. to LSenjamiu Salch
well, 100 acres in 29-8-11.
Decree of Distribution.— Estate of
John Kckart. On petition of Kmma
Robert, administratrix. The heirs*
are Augusta MacDonuld, Kmma
Kobert aud a grandson, William
Kckart. Tne estate wbicb is distri
buted in equal portions to each, cou-
sists of 8595.88; 1000 shares of tho
Volcano Hold and Gravel Mining C 0..,
and a ?., iutetest in the Alta quartz
mine.
Assignment of Lease.— Afred Masoni
to Kmil Chiimii of a lease made by
Alary and Joseph 11. Thomas ot a
house aud lot iv Amador City, 8450.
Ordur Confirm ing Sale. —Estate of
K. 13. O'Neill. Confirmation of ea.e
of lot 8 block 4. Slitter Creek, to
L. J. Gagliardo for §15.
Satisfaction of Moitgages.— W. E.
Smith to (Jtis L. Webster.
Mortgage.- Otis L. Webster to W.
E. Smith, lot (5 block i, Pino Grove,
to secure a promissory note of 5275
for one year at 8 per cout.
Agreement.— Argonaut Mining Co.
with the city of Jackson. For -the
sum of SI tbe former allows the city
to lay a water pipe through its land
near the northern boundary of the
city, for tbe purpose ot conveying
water for street sprinkling.
Mining Location— Hicbard Edwards
of tbe Edward gravel claim coutaiu
ing 10 acres in 3-7-11.
Have Left for the Mountains.
Wm. J. Mo'Jee and family, and
Clarence Jarvis and family,, left;
yesterday morning for the lieai rivor
country where they will cump for
some time. They will make tbe
drive in a large spring wagon Mr.
AlcUee aud Mr Jarvis will remain in
camp for about a week wbeu they
will return to attend to business
niatterg, but will go up oooassiouully
for a few days' stay. Tbe rest of
them will stay for a couple of
months or more. Later in tbe sum
mer they may be joined by We*
Amick and family ot lone, wbo ex
pect to go into the mountains about
the llrst part of September.
Kemember, C. C. Jensens, tbo well
known aud thoroughly tried expert
optician, will be iv Jackson only v
few days longer. All who want to
have glasses fitted to tuit should cull
no him without delay at Langborst'a
jewelery store.
Newspaper for Sale.
A tmuppy daily mil weekly In a
live town. Ciui be liouklU ut a bur-
gaiu. It Jihh linotyp < uud lull equip-
ment with liberal udvertiHiucund lots
of job work. li'b a minp. Addrfltt
Dhwhoii-Whli Advertifiug Couipauy,
2(3 South Calitoruiu utroet, Ktooktnu,
Calif. iy 3-1 w
56
Clipped from our Exchanges
From Near-by Counties.
Mrs John D. Mob'arlnnd, beloved
vitn ot John I). MoKarland of Forest
Home, Anindor county, died lust
Tuesday night, at the family home,
at thnt place. Deceased wna a native
of Hootl ,ikl. age 07 .vi'hib, ami came
to Callfotnlu hi the fall ol IHBM from
(innlph, (/iiutidii, accompanied by her
liuhlirikl, and settled near Unit. The
>ate Mrs MiiKmluml, besides her lius
bnnd, leaves two daughters nml two
sons to survive her, nninnly, Mrs U.
M. lloll'uuin of Ulnrlcsburg, Volo
county, Mlbb Mabel AlcKarland and
David and Uoorge Motherland of
forest Home. The funeral look place
from the Congregational church at
this place yesterday forenoon on the
arrival of the lone train. Hey. Dr.
Uibbona preaohed the funeral sermon,
and a choli was in attendance. lue
interment was in tbo Odd Fellows
cemetery.— Ualt (Jazette.
During th« heavy storm of raiu and
fileet which prevailed in the high
Hierrus a week ago last Saturday,
Herbert Dill, who was in charge of
the cattle of Ward & Dill near High
land lake, bad a terrible experience.
tie was out on the range aud became
contused in the storm nod lost bis
bearings. All day be waudered about
in tbe cold and sleet. Ilia matches
became saturated and bo was unable
to stint a tire. That night be stood
ap beside a tree not daring to lie
down for fear of perishing. Sunday
afternoon be woe found in a delirious
condition on Highland creek, by
Dave Kltringham. He was taken to
Tryou'a camp that night and th« next
day to his own camp where his condi
tion still continued alarming. Later
he was brought down out of tbe
mountains and taken to his borne
' uear Clements, where be has since
been slowly recovering Irorn tbe
I (Sects of tbe exposure. — Prospect.
The next suspicious looking
stranger of a woman that tries to coax
the druggists of this town to violate
tbe law regarding tbe sale of poisons
and other dope curried in a pharmacy
will get unceremoniously bounced. A
Mrs Appletou, accompanied by her
husband, who turned out to bo an
inspector for the state board of phar
macy got the Union drug store in
trouble $30 worth, aud the owners ot
the Central bod to pay a similar fine.
Tbe woman did the buying and tbe
man the pinching, tbe two seemingly
working together in tbe etfort to
cinch the druggists. , Dr. Landers,
who shied at all sorts of traps set for
faim, finally sold tbe lady who had
made several visits to tbe City drug
store and made slight purchases, a
vial of iodine and some other house
bold commodity, but absolutely re
fused to pay tbe $20 One imposed, ex
plaining to ttfe peripatetic inspector
that tbe money would be paid only
after a lively contest in the courts.
And in them it will be threshed out.
—Union Democrat.
Mrs Martha Ann Violette, who left
bere for Canada in May was married
At Fort Steele on Sunday, June 21st,
to her brother-in-law, Willis Violette,
formerly of this place. — I-Jclio.
A. J. Johnson, wna had tbe misfor
tune ot having bis horse fall on Mm
and break his leg, on tbe 12th of
June, returned from the hospital on
tbe 27tb ult. aud is able to be around
on crutches. — Kcbo.
Dr L. A. Frary formerly of lone,
bas been appointed third assistant
pnysician at tbe Napa state hospital
to till tbe viu'iiiioy made by tbe pro
motion of Dr. S. MolJoherty to tbe
post of second assistant physician.
He will assume bis duties at tbe big
institution on July Ist. Tbe appoint
ment wa« uitido by superintendent 10.
D. Stone, and will doubtless bo con
tinued at the meeting of tbe board of
managers in tbe secoud week of July.
Dr. Frary is to be heartily oon
gratnlated. He is in every way well
qualified to 1111 the position and bis
many Iriends in Napa will be happy
to hear ot his appointment.— Napa
Dully Kegister.
Walter Ferryman leaves today for a
two or three weeks' hunting trip in
Amador county and Nevada.—Stock
ton Independent.
8. A. Lewis and family will move
buck to love next Monday to make
their future home there.— Ualt
uazette.
Terribly Scalded
is something we hear or read about
every day of our Jives. liurus aud
scalds . either slight or serious are
bound to happen in your family, be
Drepared by having a bottle ot Uul
lard'a tinow Liniment bandy. It re
lieves the pain instantly aud quiokly
heals tbe burn. Hold by Kubaer's
City Pharmacy.
HIGH GRADE ICE CREAM AND CANDIES
We sell nothing but hljrh grade ieo cream and candy. No nubstltuto
nor' alterations of any character aro used in our factory. Our goods are
extra In quality and workmanship but not extra In cost.
• Uefkkence, Tub Puiiuo. Speolal price on quantity orders.
V. The Wave-434 E. Main st., Stockton.
Ol Interest To Wormtsv
XTo such women as are not seriously oat
ofThcaitlubut who havo exacting duties
to/ perfornV cither In the way ot house*
hold carcsAor In social duties and fnnc
tliyi^vliichXscrloiisly tax their strength,
as wctftfS^o\urslng mothers. Dr. Plerco's
Favorite Prescription has proved & most
valuable su^rtlng tonic and Invlgorat*
Ing nervine, By Its timely «»p, much
CPrIQU* plc^nr"? ancl ""tTnrlng tnqv b(V
tyoidod. Tho operating table and the
guT^oTa-' kpifp, wouhMt_ls-bcllcvea:
seldom havo to bn employed If this most
valuable w^n'"" rrmftrlv wrro n-mrtfid
join-good 1 tlm<i._ Tho " Favorite Prescrlp
tlon" has proven a great boon to expectant
mothers by preparing the system for the
coming of baby, thereby rendering child
birth safe, easy, and almost painless.
Boar In mind, pleaso that Dr. Plprce's
Favorite Prescription is not a secret or
patent medicine, against which the most
Intelligent pcoplo aro quite naturally
averse, because of tho uncertainty as to
their composition and harmless character,
but IS a MEDICISK OP KXOWff COMPOSI
TION, a full list of all its ingredients being
printed, in plain English, on every bottlo
wrapper. An examination of this list of
ingredients will dlscloso tho fact that It Is
non-alcoholic in its composition, chemic
ally pure, trlplo-rellned glycerine taking
tho place of the commonly used alcohol,
in its make-up. In this connection It
may not bo out of placn to stnto that the
"Favorlto Prescription" of Dr. Pierce is
tho only medlclno put up for tho cure of
woman's peculiar weaknesses and ali
ments, and sold through druggists, all
tho ingredients of which hayo the un
animous endorsement of all tho loading
medical writers and teachers of all the
several schools of practico, and that top
as remedies for tho aliments for which
"Favorite Prescription" is recommended.
A llttlo book of theso endorsements will
be sent to any address, post-paid, and
absolutely free If you request same by
postal card, or letter, of Dr. K. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
Dr. Plerce's Pleasant Pellets cure con
stipation. Constipation Is the cause of
many diseases. Cure tho cause and yon
cur* the disease. Easy to take as candy.
WONDERS OF THE HUMAN BRAIN.
Tbe human brain is the most
marvelous machine in the world, says
Harper's Magazine. It occupies leas
space in proportion to its capabilities
than any maobine it ever invented,
it «ends a special nerve to every
ultimate Über ot some 500 muscles,
to many thousand branching twigs of
arteries, to every piuhead area of tbe
numerous glands wbioh keep tbe ma
chine properly oiled, heated or cool
ed, to some 16 square feet ot skin,
wbioh is the outpost guard of its
castle, with such completeness that
tbe point of a pin can not tlnd an
area unguarded. It possesses special
quarters for tbe reception- and trans
lation of a constant stream of vibra
tions that are tbe product of all things
movable and still in tbe outer world.
On tbe retina of every open eye is a
picture of tbe outer' view, a focussed
imprint of every ray of light and
color, and in the visual chamber of
tbe mental palace stands a vibrascope,
a magic lantern that receives the
retinal picture in its billion speediug
series of lightwaves and throws them
upon its mental screen as a living
moving picture of Jigbt and shade
and color, in the chamber ot sound
is a vibraphone, over whose active
wires passes every wave of sound,
from tbe dripping of tbe dew to tbe
orchestral fortissimo, from the rauc
ous soreeob ot tbe locomotive to the
sighing ot tbe wind through the
meadow grass. In tbe chambers set
apart for scent and taste and touch
are the secret service guards to re
port upon tbe air and food which
give sustenance to tbe palace, and
upon the solid qualities of tbe
tactile world. And, wonder of all
wonders, this complex human brain
can think in all languages or la no
language, and even conceive its own
physical mortality.— Detroit Free
Press.
A Golden Wedding
means that man aud wife have lived
to a good old age and consequently
have kept healthy. Tbe best way to
keep healthy is to see that your liver
does it's duty :«J5 days out of 3G5
The only way to do this is to keep
Hullnrd'a Herbine in tbe house and
take it when ever your liver gets in
active. 50 cents per bottle. Sold by
Kubser's City Pbarmaoy.
in the mine
m lk« firm, la lh« wo«l« €€
is dw worliliop, ikouuadl of
wwken tvtrywtur* »t>r
Levi Strauss & Co's
Copper Riveted Overalls
iho motl dtp«nd*blt - ****** « s* j&
(•rmcnll in <bt •«W (*fe't} 'Kl'fvLY"'
tot WQfklfUl nita TbilijijUuL^*™ VMf ' iSZTr
AMADOU LElKf^llt .JACKSON, CAL
Mrs. Kevins' Life Saved Without
An Operation.
Sacrameuto, Juno 27, 1908.
To Whom it May (Jonceru :—
When I came to Dr. 1. Wab Hing,
725 J street, lot treatment 1 was In
constant pnin. 1 find been treated \.y
different dootors for over fire yents,
In fact, ever sinoo my little girl was
born. 1 Imvn had three uperatlons,
each with the assurance that it would
bo all thnt was nncessnry (o efleot a
euro, tbe last one being in Mnrr.li,
l!)0H. Mix weeks inter the doctor In
formed me another one was oucess*
ary, ns 1 was suffering from an
aggravated case of female trouble nnd
there was no other war out of it. A
friend ot mine persuaded mv to go to
Uti Iliug, and he bas treated inn for
six weeks aud 1 am cured. During
Ihia time 1 had n eovoro nttnek of
lung trouble and wn? not expected to
livo, but he brought me through all
right. llcspectfuliy,
, MK3 J. W. IJKVINH.
1 heartily indurso the above state
ment. 1 iilho know tfio doctor lias
cured n friend of mine of ii sevure
attack of appendinitis without un
operation wbeu ouo hod been pro
nounced necessary by other physi
cians. J. W. UUVINS,
JNo. Wli F street tiacrnmecitn, Ui.ll.
17804
Folger's Extircss.
All baggago promptly delirerod.
Orders strictly attended to. Folger's
Express, dncknon. Mrs M. I'olger,
phono lilnck 101. Leave orders at
Wells Fargo express olllco, Main U4.
The Commencement.
The word "commencement" enable*
orators in frock coats to tell beautiful
young ladies in white organdie that
the extinction of the academic era
marks the "commencement of their
real lives." Maybe you have heard
them and witnessed the thrill with
which the notion was received by
blushing maidenhood. It is a stupen
dous thought, bulging with originality,
and I suppose it Is mean to meddio
with it, even though one knows how
that use of the word commenced— or
"began,". If you prefer. In the old
days degrees or diplomas were not
granted in June. They were granted
In September, and the seniors of yes
teryear were forced to relnvade the
academic shades to acquire them ut
the commencement of the new term.
After awhile it dawned upon our insti
tutions of learning that the arrange
ment necessitated undue bother, so
they moved the "commencement" ex
ercises back across the vacation and
put them at the end of the year. How
ever, they neglected to rechristen them,
and oratory has gained much . by that
inspired oversight— Boston Transcript
A Fountain of Ants.
The house I was occupying in India
was a bungalow, and, as is tbe case
with many bungalows, the inner walls
were constructed of merely sun dried
bricks, and In the recesses of one wall
a colony of white nnts had established
a nest. It was evening. I heard be
hind me a buzzing sound. I turned,
and from a bole near the bottom of the
wall I beheld a fountain of young
white ants ascending. Thpy reached
the celling, and then tbe descent com
menced. They alighted by thousands
on the table and there shook off their
wings. In a few minutes the cloth, the
plates, the glasses, even tbe lamp
shades, were covered with the little
white, feeble, crawling creatures. Tui»
fountain of ants continued to play for
at least ten minutes. When, next
morning, the floor was swept the wings
that tbe ants had shaken off filled a
large basket. What became of the ants
themselves I cannot say.— "Haunts and
Hobbies of an Indian Official "
Sly Old Commodore.
"When Commodore Vandevbllt was
alive," says a New York Central offi
cial, "the board of directors of the
New York Central used to find their
work all cut out for them when they
met All they had to do was to ratify
his plans and adjourn. Yet they had
their uses. Occasionally a man would
come to him with some scheme which
he Jld not cure to refuse outright.
" 'My directors are a difficult body
of mini to handle,' he would say. 'I'll
submit It to 'em, but I warn you that
they are hard to manage.'
"The mutter would be submitted to
the board when It assembled and
promptly rejected.
•• 'There,' the commodore would say
when his visitor came to learn the re
sult 'I did the best I . could, but I
tcid you in advance that my directors
worn aa obstinate lot' "
•••o •••••••••••••••••§••••
: Boses :
5 All kinds in Stock. Z
2 special sizes mude to 5
• order on short notice. •
• Grape Stakes, •
• Redwood Tanks, •
• Windows, Doors, •
• Planing, Sawing and •
J| Lumber. Independent. *
• •
S R. F. WILSON, J
• jy2tf Stockton. Cal. •
WHEN FOOD WAS SCARCE.
Prices That Ruled In Paris During the
Siego of 1870.
Tho following Interesting statement
of tho prices thnt were pnid for food
during the siege of 1870 Is tnken ver-
Imlly out of the Journal of n French
ofilcer stationed In Paris nt the time:
"Toward the middle of Octol>er we
hnd to make up our mind to sacrifice
the animals of the zoological garden.
The elephnnta nnd many other beasts
were bought by M. I)ebos, the owner
of the English meat shop In Ay.
Frlendlnnd. The ment of the olephnnta
wna sold from $10 to $12 n kilogram
(two pounds), the trunk commanding
the highest price, $10 a kilogram. The
trunk nnd feet were both declared de-
Itclotis by all gormands. In the samo
shop n pair of young wolves were sold
for $2.50 per pound. The ment wns
soft nnd without tnste. The biggest
price wns paid for n young live lamb
thnt hnd been swiped by n 'frnnctlreur*
from tho cnoiny. One hundred dollars
wns pnld for It.
"Here Is an exact prlfe list of some
victuals toward tho end of the siege:
Two pounds of horgofleoh STi.no
One ham 18.00
A whole cat 3.00
A rabbit 10.09
Ono turkey 30.00
One egg 100
A rat 60
A pigeon 3.0 C
Ono pound of butter COO
A pound of beans 1.50
A peck of carrots 2.00
One cabbago head .".00
Ono stick of celery B0
■Wood to burn (100 pounds) 2.00
"Even tho rich had to live on the
meagerest diet and to take into their
menu things that till then only the
trapper In the virgin forests was sup
posed to oat. Weave It to you to im
agine what kind of meals were served
In the small restaurants and boarding
houses.
"Moreover, everybody had to submit
to the strictest orders. People stood in
file before the butcher and baker shops
to wait for their turns. v Each household
was furnished with a card from tUe
municipality authorizing the bearer to
buy a certain nmount of meat and
bread. The cook, the housewife, the
young girl, the little child (men never
go shopping in France), were posted for
hours before the shops In rain and
snow, with wet feet, shivering with
cold. Tho unfortunate ones endured
without a murmur these hardships.
Women throughout the time of the
siege were setting an example of cour
age and self abnegation not always fol
lowed by men.
"It was a sad nnd touching spectacle,
these long files of women, nearly all
dressed In black, grouped before the
doors of the dealers, watched by tbe
national guard, with whom they at first
were laughing and chatting, till the
sufferings from the cold had silenced
the laugh and sometimes brought forth
the tears.
"But in spite of all precautions tbe
stores one by one were exhausted, the
provisions, put In too late before the
siege, were used up, and, while the ba
bies, deprived of milk, died In great
numbers or, fed on sweet wine and
bread, pined slowly away, the big peo
ple tried to find new resources to pro
long their lives."
Generous Mr*. Crowe.
A gambling story 1b told of Charles
James Fox that rather reflects on his
honor. He was one of the ardent ad
mirers of Mrs. Crewe, a noted beauty
of her day, and It Is related that a gen
tleman lost a considerable sum to this
lady at play and, being obliged to
leave town suddenly, gave Mr. Fox the
money to pay her, begging him to apol
ogize to her for his not having paid
the debt of honor in person. Fox lost
every shilling of it before morning.
Mrs. Crewe often met the supposed
debtor afterward and. surprised thnt
he never noticed the circumstances, nt
length delicately hinted the matter to
him.
"Bless me!" said he. "I paid the
money to Mr. Fox three months ago."
"Oh, did you, sir?" said Mrs. Crewe
good naturedly. "Then probably he
paid me, and I forgot It."
Risky Revenge.
Gag-inlnl, the wonderful violinist,
had n narrow escape at Ferrara from n
violent death. Enraged by some hissing
from the pit, he resolved to avenge the
insult, and at the close of his pro
gramme informed the nudlence that he
would Imitate the language of various
animuiß. After having rendered the
notes, of different birds, the mewing of
a cat, and the barking of a dog, he ad
vanced to the footlights, and. Baying,
"This is for those who hissed!" imitat
ed the braying of an ass. At this the
occupants of tbe pit rose, rushed on to
the stage and would probably have
killed their calumlnator bad be not
hastily retreated.
Fixing Hit Status.
A waiter spilled some soup on tbe
clothing of a portly, choleric old gentie
mau dining with his wife In nn up
town lobster palace the other night,
whereupon the old gentleman jumped
to his feet and, calling the manager,
bunt Into a tirade which ended with
the somewhat autlcllmutlc charge ttuit
the waiter was "no gentleman."
"This man is not supposed to be a
gentleman," said the manager coldly.
"ll* Is merely a waiter."— New York
Press.
Tommy Spok*.
Minister— lf any one present can
show cause why this couple Hhouljl not
become raan and wife, let him speak
now or forever hold bis peuce. Tommy
—I kin, mister. He thinks aunty's only
twenty-flve, and she's forty.
ISconoiny may be the road to wealth,
but nine-tenths of those who are com
pelled to travel It nevev teach the fcmL
—Chicago News.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••at •••o »••••••• t*««*o««
• KOATF VAIN STREET JACKSON, CAL 3
j CITY MEAT MARKET. I
• OEO. L. THOMAS A CO. •
i Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, Hams, 2
• Corned Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc. Z
• At lowest market prices. ... Orders promptly delivered. •
•••••••••♦♦♦«♦♦♦•••♦•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
SAVE MONEY
BY USING
PIONEER FLOUR
Because it will make more loaves
of bread to the sack than any
other. Made from strongest wheat
—MANUFACTURED BY—
• PIONEER FLOUR MILLS. SACRAMENTO •
ORDER BY MAIL TO-DAY
The D. Samuels Lace House Co.
are Selling
Sheets, Pillow Cases
and Bath Towels at less
than wholesale prices
Not in years havo such low prices been quoted on
Pequot Sheets. PEQUOT, as every woman knows,
is America's standard sheeting, in fact the best in
all the world, These sheets we offer are seamless,
full width and hemmed ready for use.
54x90 Pequot Sheets are selling at - 50c
63x90 Pequot Sheets are selling at - 60c 9
72x90 Pequot Sheets are selling at - 65c
81x90»Pequot. Sheets are selling at - 70c
Pillow Cases 45x36 inches, made of the best quality
cotton, wide hem, ready for use, sale price - 15c
Turkish Towels, bleached, very large size, heavy
weight, worth nearly double, sale price - 17£c
Huck Towels with colored border, size 18x3(1 inches,
worth 15c everywhere, sale price - - BJc
Compare these values with those in your own lown
and you will order at once by mail.
Write for our Summer Catalogue.
The D. Samuels Lace House
Established over 55 years
Van Ness Avenue and Sutter Street
San Francisco, Cal. 1
RULING WORK DONE
AT LEDGER OFFICE
i
i
» The Ledger office has recently added to its equipment a
Tho only machine o£ tho kind in this section. It is
i intended to make the faint blue, rod or any other color
\ linos such as appear on blank record books, billheads,
* letterheads, mining reports. Such work has heretofore
t been sent out of tho county. With this machino wo aro
; prepared to do every description of ruling work on any
sized shoot up to 30 inches wide, as noatly and cheaply as
tho same can bo done elsewhere.
t Wo ospocially solicit work of 'this character from mining
' and other corporations.
r
A trial order solicited.
Patronize Home EnterpriseOFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National (lovernment.
EXECUTIVE
President Theodora Roosevelt
Vice President.. Charles W. Fairbanks
U. S. SUPREME COURT JUSTICES C
(Chief Justice Fuller)
First circuit Oliver W. Holms
Second circuit.... Rufus W. Peckham
Third circuit Henory. W. Urown
Fourth circuit.. '....Melville W. Fuller
Fifth circuit Edward w. White
Sixth circuit John M. Harlan
Seventh circuit William R Day
Eight circuit David J. Browor
Ninth circuit Joseph MoKoDna
NINTH JUDICAL CIRCUIT
(Pacific States and Territories)
Circuit judgo William W. Morrow
Circuit judge Eskhe M. Ross
Circuit judgo William B. Gilbert
U. S. Commissioner for Amador coun
ty Richard Webb
LEGISLATIVE
SENATORS FROM CALIFORNIA
Georgo C. Perkins and Frank P. Flint
CONGRESSMEN FROM CALIFORNIA
First district Wm. Englebright
Second district. ..Duncan E. McKlnlay
Third distract . . . .Joseph K. Knowland
Fourth district Julius Kahn
Fifth district. . '. E. A. Hayos
Sixth district James C. Needham
Seventh district James McLachlan
Eighth district ..S. C. Smith
State Government.
EXECUTIVE
Governor .'. ..lames N. Gillott,
Lieut-Governor Warren 11. Porter
Secretary of State. . . .Charles P. Curry
Controller A. B. Nye
Treasurer Win. R. Williams
Attorney -General Ulysses S. Webb
Surveyor-General.. Wm. S. Kingsbury
Supt. State Prlntlug..W. W. Shannon
Clerk Supreme Court. . .F. L. Caughey
JUDICARY
SUPREME COURT
Chief Justice.... Wm. 11. Bcaty
Associate Justice ...T. B. MeFarland
Associate J ustice ...... F. W. Henshaw
Associate Justice W. G. Lortean
Aesociate Justice F. M. Angellotti
Associate J ustice Lucia n Shaw
Associate J u&tice M. C. Sloss
APPELLATE JUSTICES
First district James A. Cooper
First district .Samuel P. Hall
First district Frank 11. Kerrigant
Second district Matthew T. Alfen
Second district James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw
Third district Norton P. Chlpman
ThUd district Albert G. Burnett
Third district Elijah C. Jlart
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
First district Joseph H Scott
Second district '. . . . .Alex Brown
Third district Richard E. Collins
Fourth district Jeff D. MoElvalne
RAILROAD COMMISSION
First district Alex C. Twrin
Second district Andrew M. Wilso'u
Third district.. Theodore Summorland
LEGISLATIVE
Senator, lOtti district.. . .A. Caminetti
Assembly mun. 11th dist..G. P. Snydor
U. S. LAND OFFICE
Register John F. Armstrong
Receiver Will A. Newouin
County Government.
Superior Judge Hon. R. C. Rust
Sheriff & Tax Collector. ..US Gregory
Deputy W. T. Connors
Diatrict Attorney C. P. Vicini
Clerk and Auditor J. K. Huberty
Deputy L. Newman
Recorder 1> A. Patterson
Deputy L. G. Meohan
Treasurer Georgo A. Gritton
Assessor C. E. Jut-vis
Deputy George A. Gordon
tturveior Wm. Brown
Supt. of Schols W. H. Groenhalgh
Supt. Hospital F. B. LoMoln
Physician E. E. Eudtcott, M. D.
Corner & Public Admr. . ,H. E. Potter
Court Commissioner.... Goo A Gordon
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
Township 1. .. .John Strohm, Jackbon
Township liW. Amlck, [Chairman] lone
Township 3 A. Grlllo, Volcano
Township 4D. A. Fraser Sutter Crcok
Township 5 L. Hurku, Plymouth
JUSTICES OF TUB PEACE
Township No. 1 A. Goldoer
Township No. 2 T. 11. Gartlln
Township No. 3 A. W. Roblnnon
Township No. 4 W. L. Uosu
Township No. 5 John Blower
CONSTABLES
Township No. 1 A, Lavorone
Township No. 2 J. E. Kelley
Township No. 3 T. 0. MeKonze
Township No. 4 T. 8. Tuttlo
Township No. 5 N. K. Wheeler
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weekly for the Ledger.
A Novel I. limp. — A (Sixth Sonao.-
Mended Lightning.— I'byßiologlcal
Consequences of Motorlug. — A
Strong Uaa Mnntlo— A Great Count.
-Iho Hky Studio. — Vitriolic
Lubrication. — Colnr I'hotogrnphy in
Court.
The rapid development of the in
nmrtoßonnt, lamp in reoont months has
brought npt unly metallio Hlaimints
enoh m tiint.nl uni and tungsten, but
linn given a greater novelty In tbe
liclion lamp of Parker mid Clark, in
asmuoh as this tllnment can be usod
without the usual high ••aciium. Tliia
property is ot groat- advantage for
lamps exposed to shock Rucb as those
on battleships, where a few minutes
of gumug destroys nil vacuum bulbs.
The new fllument is made by "flash
ing" tbe ordinary carbon filament in
a special mixture of gases that gives
a thick deposit of bolion, and added
resistance to nir can be given by lieat
ing in gHees to transform the surface
into silicon oxide and silicon nitride.
Helion, n substance not yet under
stood, is supposed to be a hitherto
unknown allotropio form of silicon.
It endures a higher temperature than
carbon, tbe filament is larger and
shorter, and tbe lamp has a longer life
thau the old one as well as a much
reduced consumption of current for
the same light.
For more than half a century it
has been understood that tbe lateral
line of scales along each side ot tlsbos
is connected to a special nerve. The
use of these lateral organs has been
a matter of muuh speculation, but tbe
late experiments of llofer seem to
show that their chief function is the
percflption of water currents. They
supply a new sense in place of- the
lacking sense of touch. They Obuse a
blindfolded flsh to stop and t«»rn
aside within an inch of a solid object,
lead to streams and spawning hrooks,
and keep tbe lisb world informed and
warned.
The strings of]beads or pearls that
some observers have seeu as much as
a Eiecond in tbe wake of lightning
llhslioh are attributed by Dr. W. J. 8.
Lockyer to incandescence of tbe air.
A scientific study of the eti'ects of
motoring has failed to show A.
Mounoyrat, a French physiologist,
that it causes serious nervous distur
bance and other troubles, as has been
alleged, but he finds, on the other
hand, that it is a powertul stimulant
to circulation, nervous system and
respiration, giving just the notion
tlmt recommends it us a remedy for
such complaints as anaemia, sleep
lessuess, loss of appetite, etc. ' Iv
some disorders high-speed travel
tends to cure when other treatment is
entirely without etteot. I'ho investi
gator himself made a number of auto
mobile tours, at all seasons of the
year, und on these trips, averaging
over eight days each, ho covered from
60 to 125 miles per day, at an average
speed of 25 miles and hour, A strik
ing and invariable effect is the in
crease in the red corpuscles of tbe
blood, which in an anaemic individual
was more than U0" per cent on an H
days' tour. The general influence is
that of a stay in the mountains at n
height ot ■10(10 to (iOOO feet, aud both
normal and anaemic persons are
ali'ected, though in different degree.
Sleep and appetite are increased in
all.
The fragility of incandescent gas
mantles is a serious drawback to
their use, but more durable fabric
seems to have resulted at last from
the experiments of (Jeruiuu cbeinists.
L'be mantles now so familiar have a
tissue of cotton or ramie on which
oxides ot thorium and curium Imvo
been precipitated. Attempts to use
other natural flberji Imvn failed, and
the successful new material is an
artificial silk made by dissolving
cellulose in arurnonlate of copper.
This silk mantle takes up thorium
nitrate, which ammouiu changes in
tbe tlber to hydroxide of thorium.
Tbe thorium silk, does not [absorb
moisture like tho old mantles, and it
has many times aa^great resistance to
shuck.
Tbe camera's estimated record is
I(>o,<)ou,ik)j stars, but a British
astronomor is to attempt actual
count, using a microscopic gauge in
going over the several buudred plates,
each with aO.OOO to 200, (XX) stars.
Cameras carried by kites have been
long recognized as important for
military aud surveying purposes, uud
they have beeu lately found imeful in
other ways, as in getting pictures of
large Industrial plants. Tho apparatus
of a New York company of photo
graphers consists of a series of aero
planes for reach log the neoeßsary
iioight, a device to bold tbe camera
rigid, and an electrical control of
the exposure. Kor exposures at v
height of 1,000 feet from 12 to 18
aeroplanes are naod, each being 8
FRIDAY. JULY 10, IM)8.
feet square, with a wind surface of
GO aqiißre feet. They nro cent up one
nfter another until their combined
pull lifts 3,000 teet of cable with the
camera and elecrticnl nppllnncefl, and
the tnp aeroplnno ia practlcnlly out
of elftbt at. n height of 3,000 feet when
tho camera reaches its station at, 1,000
feet aborts ground. The photo
grnpbor watohas thn camera through a
Held kluhh. With linger upon nu
electrical switch, he may await the
fnvornliln moment for 1 to 11 hours,
but at the tight instant he presses
tho button, and the dropping of o
tiny parachute fllgnnls that a plate
has been exposed. A S) horse-power
gasoline motor oporatos the cable.
Powdered sulphur tnixod with oil is
claimed t.u have frequently relieved
hot bearings In steamship machinery,
but ii lubricant much stranger ft 11 1 is
sulphuric acid. On one occasion,
after repeated trouble from heating,
the dilute acid was allowed to drip
slowly upon tho working bearing. In
half an hour the piu-t was cooled,
when tbe acid was washed out and
the ordinary oil was applied. The
cure was permauent.
Clothing of a late aliegod murderer
at Middlesbrough, lOng., seemed to
bear very faint stains. A jet of
oxygen gave tbe spots n ruddy hue,
and several photographs by a color
process showed tbe blood-stains very
distinctly in their natural color.
A Contented Woman
is always found in the same bouse
with Mallard 's Know Liniment. it
keeps every member of the family
free from aches uud pains, it henls
cuts, burns and sculda aud cures
rheumatism, neuralgia, lnmbaeo and
all muscular soreueos aud stitfness.
Sso, 50c and SI a bottle. Hold by
Kuhser's City Pharmacy.
Absolutely NEEDS SCHENCK'S yf I
Maodrako Pills. For sedentary B
workara of every claw, without an equal. M
For Comtlpation, Indigcatlon, Sick Head- H
acbe, and Blllouineß*, to all of which com- mt
plaint* tho sedentary ara peculiarly iub- fa
Joct. H
SCHENCK'S g
MANDRAKE PILLSf
"Liven the Liver" r*
jkA insure hoalth, renawed enargy aad^^
a good aplrili. Continuous uae not necenary.^
■ Purely Vegetable. ■
M Abaolutely harmleßg. B
■ For aale every where. Plain or Sugar Coated.l
■ 25 cents a box or by mail. I
Dr. J. H. Schenck & Son, m
%^ Philadelphia, Pa. M
E. MARRE & BRO.
WholcHsklo Djalers uncl Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic;)
Wines*Liquors*Ciprs
JACKSON CAL.
pVISTKIBUTIN'G AGENTS FOB J. P. MAR
\J tell Cognuo, Moot &<Juaudon. White Sea l
Eucl Private Uuvee Cbumputfuu; Jlurgju Urm
Puerto do Siiutu Murlu Snerrtus: Koyitl Whim
Company. Oporto, Port Wlue.s: Dub»s Frero.s,
Bordeaux, CiarctK und tiautornus ; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hlrum Waluor & Sous, L,im
liD-i, WiklKei-vilie. Ontario, Ouaadu: JohnUu
Kuyper&Zooa, Cotterdarn, Liln; Uilku liuuui-
mel, from J. A, (illka, Berlin; iiarllilooiiiay
Hrewery Company, linuhoxtttr, N. Y,, Knicker-
bocker Beer; OorfShead Uraud of Uuiuness
Sluul ami Hums' Ale (bottled by Read ili-us.,
I^oDdoo): Cuntrell &Cochruu<3, Belfast, Gluyui
Ale; Nagleo lirundy; Kelu'uorted Amerluar
WbiakluH
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this head, not exceed-
ing & lines, will bu Inserted ut Siiu per mouth, or
5 cents tier Uae for lonh tbua onu month. -
A LL kinds of Ulitnks for U, S. Laud KlUukh—
/v MumoKittud, Timber und Mlnerul bluuke —
may be had ut thu Ludgur oOtce; ulmi deeds,
mortgages, mining location*, prnof of labor
and other legal blanks Kent for Kale.
Mining Signals on clotb, required
to be posted hi all mines, for oulo ut
the Ledger oUlce.
Kor Sale— Lot ot beuclies, formerly
used Id Webb ball; 0 uud 8 feet liiijk;
Buituble (or show |jluce,Gbiii'uiiuB, eto.
Will bu Hold cheap; apply ut Loilyer
otlice.
AokDOkvledKinent biHUks for liotu-
rios, apeuiHlly printed for Aiuudor
couuty, limy be bad at tbe Ledger
oltU'i'. Price 50(> per packet ot 00.
Übeap for oaeb. — One gentle mure
with barneys complete, aud light
spriug wagou. Apply ut E. H. Pitoiv,
Juckaou.
tor Kent— Two front rooms In tbe
Webb ball buildiutf, suitable for
ottJoes. Apply at ledger ottlue.
KOK KALK.— A "lino driving team
botb eiuglo aud double, a No. ]
buggy with or without pole and
double lmnidHw, all in good order;
also light spring wagon with tor
Hiiitublu for mountain travel. Will
still any part or us n whole. Call oi
address Ledi<er office may 15-lf.
Copies of the license ordinance of
the City of Jaokson iti pamphlet form
may be bad at the Ledger otlice; price
150. eacti
A GHOST STORY.
The Spectral Horseman, That Visit*
Wycoll.tr Hall.
This ghost story la contributed by a
correspondent of an English magazine:
"Wypollar Hull, nenr Colno, was long
tlio scat of the Cunllffcfl of nillington.
The/ were noted persona In their time,
but evil days came, and their ancestral
pstntos passed out of tholr hands/ In
too days of the commonwealth their
loyalty cost thorn denr. and ultimately
tlioy retired to Wycollr.r with a rem
nant only of their onco extensive prop
erly. About 1819 the last of the fami
ly passed away, nnd the hall Is now n
nms of ruins. Little but the antique
fireplace remains entire, nnd even the
room alluded to in the following
icL'ond cannot now be Identified. Tra
dition saya that once every year a
specter horseman visits Wycollar Hall.
II'! Is attired In the costume of the
early Stunrt period, and tho trappings
of Ills horse are of a most uncouth de
scription.
"On the evening of his visit the
weather Is always wild and tempestu
ous. There Is no moon to light the
lonely roads, nnd the residents of tho
district do not venture out of their
cottages. When the wind howls loud
ost tho horseman can be heard dash-
Ing up the road nt full speed, and, aft
er crossing the narrow bridge, he sud
denly stops at the door of the hall.
Tho rider then dismounts and makes
his way up the broad oaken stairs Into
ono of the rooms of the house. Dread
ful screams, as from a woman, are
then heard, which soon subside into
groans. The horseman then makes his
appearance nt the door, at once mounts
his steed nnd gallops off.
"His body can bo seen through by
those who may chance to be present;
his horse appears to be wild with rage,
and Its nostrils strenm with fire. The
tradition Is that one of the Cunllffes
murdered his wife in that room and
that the specter horsemnn Is the ghost
of tho murderer, who Is doomed to pay
an annual visit to the home of his
victim. ■ She Is said to have predicted
tho extinction of the family, which,
according to the story, has been liter
ally fulfilled."
THE CRITICS.
Theso Observers Were Wholly Pur-
sonal In Their Judgments.
"The critical faculty Is rare," said
an editor and critic at a Philadelphia
art club. "It must be Impersonal. But
mos(; of us Incline to be wholly per
sonal In our criticism. The fact was
brought home to me at one of the esfil
bitions at the Academy of Fine Arts.
"Passing frotn picture to picture, I
overheard many criticisms. Thus a
lady in a rich gown said:
" 'What a superb portrait of a young
girl! It should certainly win the Car
negie prize. It Is easy to see that' the
gown was made by Paquin.'
"A fat, red nosed man In a fur lined
overcoat halted before a picture enti
tled 'The Luncheon.'
'"This still life,' he exclaimed, 'is
the most admirable I have ever seen.
Terrapin, canvasback, champagne, lob
ster, even Perlgord pie— ab, what o
genius.'
" 'In this historical painting,' I heard
an antiquary say. 'the costumes are ac
curate In every detail. The painter Is n
second Raphael.'
" 'That horse there.' said a young
polo player, 'is exactly like my Poda
sokus. It's the best picture In the ex
hibition.'
"An athlete uttered a cry of delight
before n daub called 'The Gladiator.'
" 'What shoulders! What arms!' he
snld. 'I bet anything the jury gives
this painting tlio.lilKhest award.'
"And half the throng, departing, said:
" 'The picture in the last room Is tho
best. No, we didn't see It— couldn't get
to It, In fact— but It draws far and
away the biggest crowd.' "
Mole Superstitions.
According to tradition, if you have a
uiolo on your chin you may expect to
be wealthy, while if you have It un
der your arm It promises you wealth
and honor as well. A mole on the
ankle Indicates courage. On the left
temple a mole indicates that you will
find I'riemls among the great ones of
the earth, but If It be placed on the
right temple It warns you of coming
distress. A mole ' on a man's knee
uiouns that he may expect to marry a
rich woman. A mole on the neck
promises wealth. If you have a mole
on your nose you are going to be a
great traveler. A mole «3n the throat
lndjcat.es health and wealth.
The Silent Winners.
Examine our list of presidential can
didates and sue how few of them made
stump speeches.
George Washington mnOe none.
Thomas Jefferson made none.
John Adams, John Qalncy Adams,
Jr. i nes Madison, Jnmcs Monroe made
none.
Neither did Andrew Jackson, nor
Martin Van Huron, nor Ocnpnil Harri
son, nor James K. Polic,. nor l'nuiklln
Pierce, nor James Uuehannn.—Jeffer
■nnian.
A Fortunate Man.
Ono day a young neutron to tbe
market place did go, where she bought
an oyster plant, then set it out to grow.
Bald she, "Next winter v/e'll have oys
ters, fresh oysters everj day, aud what
a saving it will he, wltn not n cent to
pay. Oh, but hubby should lie thank
ful it was his lot In life to gut such v
saving woman for his own little wife."
—Chicago News.
An Eye Opener.
"Eight o'clock," exclaimed a guest at
a hotel, yawning, "and I'm so sleepy I
can scarcely open my eyvs!"
"Shall I bring your b 11, blr?" Inquired
• waiter.
ESTABLISH KD .18-Vj.
THE
AMADOR LEDGER
Published in the Center of the Richest
Mother Lode Gold Belt-
Printed every Friday Afternoon.
R. Wehh, Editor and Proprietor. M. P. Calkins, Husiness Manager
Tlie Oldest
Ih/Eost IrLflTjLerLtisil
TXrica-el^T" Oixc\aJ.SLtsd
* -^.n.d. 0n.13r All-Home
Paper published in Amador Comity.
The Best Advertising Medium
Republican is politics
Jlut the slave of no party
And the foe of alljpolitieal and Official Cliques and Rings
Free and Independent in the discussion'of a)' matters pertaining to
to the Local Government
Fearless in the ventillation and exposure of Official Wrong Doing
The Paper for the Family
For the Farmer
For the Miner
For the Merchant and Business Man
For the Taxpayers and Citizens' Genera' |
Two Dollars per year
If paid strictly in advance; otherwise $2.50 will be charged.
OUR CLUBBING RATES:
Ledger and Dally Call, one year.s 9 00 Ledger and Weekly Chicago In-
LeO gar and Weekly Call one year. 320 t^Ooian
. \ , _ „ _, . , Ledger and Cosmopolitan Maga-
Lecrer and Daily Chronicle, one ijlne one year 2|75
year 9 00 Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
Lee per »MJd Weekly Chronicle, . year, includirjg free pattern... . 260
one J' ear 3" 0 LedgerandPanilexottbePress 275
Ledjjer and Dally Examiner lyear 9 00 Ledger and Pictorial Review 2 5(1
Our Job Printing Department
Is the most Completo to bo found int the mountains.
Up-to-date presses, Simplex Typesetting Machine, Folder, Perforating
Machine, Numbering and Punching Machines. .
We buy our paper stcck from Manufacturers at Bottom prices.
Billheads, Letter Heads, Statements.
Pamphlets, Posters, flodgers,
Checks, Receipts, Tags,
Business and Visiting Cards,
Programs, Etc.
All kinds of Legal Blanks, Briefs and Transcripts printed promptly and
neatly. In short, we cau do anything in the printing line
OUE PRICES axe EIG-HT
We Can an Do Compete with City Prices.
If you have anything in the printing line, don't send it away but pat
ronize home industry '
78
LOCAL EDITORIAL COLUMN.
THE ASSESSMENT ROLL.
• A summary of the county assessment roll for the current
year will be found in another column. As was expected, the
figures show a heavy falling off in values as compared with
the assessment list of last year. The shrinkage amounts to
$316,409, subject to changes by the county board of equaliza
tion, aud also to the addition of the railroad assessment by
the state board of equalization. The falling off is mainly in
the valuation of mining properties. Some of these were as
sessed out of all proportion to their actual value last year,
aud while the assessor's figures were allowed to stand, except
in one instance, it was considered inevitable that a big cut
would have to be made the following year. We understand
that with other classes of property the values, on the official
books at least, have been pretty well sustained. There was
an effort made last year to boost values generally, not because
there was any material increase of value, or that the valua
tions for assessment purposes were on a lower ratio than, in
other counties, but because it was hoped that a jump in the
assessment roll would mean a corresponding reduction in the
tax levy. The truth is, there was little in the conditions iv
Amador county a year ago to warrant the stuffing of values.
So that the decline this year does not' mean that we have
seriously backslidden iv material wealth, but rather a return
to a more righteous adjustment of valuations. Few will deny
that the trend of property has beeu downward, in sympathy
with the financial disturbance and general business depres
sion that has existed during the past year. Amador county
is fortunate that outside of the mining field the assessment
list shows up fairly well. Property holders are well aware,
no matter .what the : assessment list may say, jthat their
holdings have depreciated forjjthe past two years, land in some
places the deline has been very marked. This is saying
nothing against this favored section as an inviting field for
the investment of capital, or the building of homes by new
comers.
Escaped Indian Caught.
Isaac Howdy, who was arrested in
lone last August for beatiug his wife,
and given six months iv tho couutv
jail, but escaped eleven days after
tbe commencement of his town while
he wns cboring arouud the court
bouse, was caught last week at Oleta
jitkl brought to Jackson. He had
stayed outside the oouuly for some
time, but a short time ago bo was
seen in Oleta, and was drunk, so the
sheriff was notified, but Howdy skip
ped out before tbe officer arrived. He
returned again about a week ago aud
immediately stnrted trouble. This
time the oflicers caught him before
he had time to escape.
Installation of Officers.
Euciuo Circlo No. Gl7 Women of
Woodcraft installed officers Tuesday
evening, July 7th. The following
were installed by Neighbor Robin
eon, special organizer for this dis
trict; Guardian neighbor, Klleu
Silva; adviser, Augusta Fleming;
magician, Eva JJastian; attendant,
Lucy Williams; musician, Christine
tSchacht; captain of guards, Lavina
Palmer; manager, Annie Clark; inner
sentinel. Eileen Fleniiug. After a
short musical program, lefreshments
wero served.
Lodger & Chicago Inter-Ocean, $2.50
Tbe board of supertisors met Mon
day as a hoard of equalization at
which tbe assessment rolls for 190S
were accepted. Application of K. ('.
Raiusford, general manager of tbe
Argonaut mine for a reductiou from
8150,000 to 875,000, deuied by tbe
board. Adjourned uutil Monday
July 20, 1908.
Itching piles provoke profanity,
hut profanity won't euro them.
Doan's Ointment cures itchiug, bleed
ing or protruding piles after years ot
suffering. At any drug store.
Mrs T. J. Dwyer arrived
Wednesday evening from Touopab,
and will visit for a few weeks with
her parents. Sbe was met iv Sacra
mento by her sister, Miss Oia An
«ove, who will stay for a short time.
Mrs Dwyer will go to Napajafter a few
weeks here, and will visit there tor
awhile, when she will return here,
meeting her husband at Saorameiito.
Drew Caminett last Weduesddy
brought [down the steel row boat,
which whs built some time ago by the
(Jarbarlnl JSioh. and taken to Silver
Lake for the use of campers. It will
be fitted up at tbe (iarburiui maoblue
snops with a gasoline engine and
taken to Lake Tabeau. . The boat ia
tbe property of Vio Rocca and Lester
Flagg.
A (lie started at tbe MoNeal copper
mine at Irish bill yesterday burning
the bunk bouse at tbe mine. Tlit
men could not utop it and It got into
the brush, aud has been burning all
Copies ot tbe license ordiuauce «f
tbe City of Jaoksou in pamphlet form
may be had at tbe Ledger office; price
150, each.
Accident at Angels Camp.
About four o'clock last Saturday
afternoon, while the celebration at
Angels wns in full swing, the ban
ister surrounding tbe porch of tbe
Minors' Union ball suddenly gave
way, and before they could regain
their balances, five men who wore
leaning against the bauißter watching
a donkey race, were thrown to tho
ground. One of them, aMr Pettis,
tell 'directly ou bis bead, striking
tbe edge of the gutter, aud was in
stantly killed. None of the others
was severely hurt, escaping with a
few bruises. One of|the men fell in
such a way that ho knocked a child
from the arms of its mother, who was
standing directly under tbe edge of
tbe porch. It was bruised a little,
bat not hurt seriously. All the men
on tbe porch at tbe time were mem
bers of the band. The president of
the day immediately postponed tbe
remaining events to the following
day, Sunday.
Failed to Pay Taxes.
County assessor Jarvis has seized
tbe plaut used for tbe publica
tion of tbo Amador Record of Sutter
Creok, * t on account of a failure to
pay tbe taxes, wbicb amouut to 822,
aud will proceed to sell the property,
or Hiilllcient to pay tbe taxes, ou the
fourteenth of this month. The
presses, type, etc., are the property
of tbe Amador Record Publishing
Company, of which Jackson Dennis is
president, and owner of most ot the
stock.'
Brutal Assault on an Aged Alan.
Lazarus Pugana, 70 yoars old, who
lives uear the Hunker ili'l. is laid up
with a broke'u leg, the outcome of a
brutal and unprovoked assault at tbe
hands of Sam Ljubeticb. Pugana was
booing in his garden last Ihursday
ivhtin LjutPtieh drove up in a rig,
stopped, and accused Pagaua of hav
ing stolen the boe from h'in. Pagana
replied that be bought tbe hoe at
Chiohizola's store, whereupon Ljube
tich struck tbe old mini with liis
whip a savage out across the bare
chest, leaving a large welt. Lazarus
told bim he would get even for tbe
hlow Ljubeticb then grabbed Pagana
and threw him to tbe ground with
such torce that the old man's leg
was broken by tbe impact. The con
stable and sheriff were notified and
went to tbe scene of trouble immedi
ately. They eet out to look for
Ljubeticb, but oould not find him.
The officers found that after com
mitting tbe deed he had gone to
Sutter Creek to enter a plea before
Judge Rose, expecting to be fined a
small amount and turned Joose. liut
tbe judge, Instead ot placing tbo
sentence, fixed bis ball at 8100, wbiob
tbe man was able to raise, and so waa
turned loose to wait developments.
A Millionaire's Baby
atteuded by the highest priced baby
Hpooiitlisl could not be cured uf
Mtoiiiiicti or bowel trouble any quicker
or surer thtin your baby If you give
it Mo(iee'n Many Elixir. Cures
diarrhoea, dysentuiy and all deraugu
nifiilH of the stooiac.li or bowel*.
Piioe '2' cents and 50 cents. Hold by
Kiihsiir'n City Pharmacy.
AMADOU LBDGISK, JACKSON, CAL.
AMADOR COUNTY'S
ASSESSMENT ROLL
From the flsßesnor's books we' tnke
the following figures, Phoning the
assessable property Id each township
for ttie current year, subject of
course to changes by the bonrd of
equalization. The total foots' np
Bu,3l'B,ilOJ, ngalupt 86,711,713 last year,
which includes tbe railroad aegeae
tnent by tlio state board :
Township No. 1. (Insldo olty ot
Jackson).
Number of Rcres assessed • '.Wi\
Amount of mortgages • 815, 0! M
Amount of poraonal property
exempt • - ■-" •. 10,8(JO
Value of real estatfl other thuu
city lots ■ • nn, a: jo
Value of iinprovemeut.fi - 10,850
Value of real estate, city lota 110,800
Valuo personaljproperty keep ted HU, 7.17
Valuo milviMit. credits aud mniwv 0,500
Total 8558,11)1
Net amount of personal not
secured 40,005
Net Total 8(i01,lH9
■■ , ■ <
Township No 1. (OuUido Jackson
City.)
Number of acres assessed • 45, 1!)G
Amount of mortgages - 8 -IH,7] :t
Amount of personal property
exempt 10,700
Valuo ot real estate other than
city and towu lots • 6802,457
Value of improvements - 41U,1(i8
Value of real estate other
than city mid town lots - 5,1125
Value of improvement*) thereon 2(5,745
Value of personal property se
cured - • 70,1*23
1,32G,820
Net amount of personal pro
perty not secured - - 11,417
Net total 81^338,237
Township No. 2.
Number of acres assessed - 08.577
Amount of mortgages - 8 413,444
Amount of personal property
exempt - - - • 19,500
Value ot real estate other than
city and town lots . - 588,091
Value improvement.!* , .- 147,907
Value of city and town lots - 55,085
Value improvements thereon - 118,715
Value personal property
secured - - - 149,591
Amount of money and solveut
credits - - - 5,000
Total 51,0G1,419
Net amouut of personal pro
perty not secured . 41,577 !
Net total 81,106,020
Township No. 3.
Number of acres assessed - 78,102
Amouut of mortgages - IS 17, 0H0
Amouut of personal property ■
exempt - - - - 11,700
Value ot real estate other than
city lots - - - ' 38<).!JOT
Value of improvements thereon (!B,UHS
Value of .city' and town lots - 11,070
Value of improvements thereon 21,9(0
Value of personal property
secured .... 5], 655
Value of mouey and solvent
credits - ... 1,500
Total . 8542,117
Net amount of personal pro
perty not secured - - 18,705
Net total 8555,912
Township No 4.
Number of acres assessed - 22,701
Amouut of mortgages ' - 81H4,it92
Amount of property exempt 25,000
Value of real estate other than
city aud town lots - 482,118
Valuo improvements thereon 1!i5,(J50
Value of city and town l<>tn 80,030
Value of improvements thereon 212,217
Value of personal property
secured - - - 85,7:10
Amouut of money and solvent
credits - - - 5,000
Total 81,037,351
Net amount of personal pro
perty not secured • • 31,25(3
Net total 11,088,807
Township No. 5.
Number of acres assessed • 55,863
Amount of mortgages >- 8 90,747
Personal property exempt • 17,400
Value, of real estate other than
city and town lots • 484,09 V
Value of improvements • 108,377
Value of city and towu lots • 1 0, f»H5
Value of improvements thereou 3.'i,C50
Total 8712,343
Value personal property not
secured 18,01')
Net total 8730,383
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^T SJJJ+-JT
Signature of t^ut^yZTcUc/C^i
Ledger & Chicago Inter-Ocean, 82.6a
Pioneer Flour always has been
and still is tmi best.
L. Vogeli, Jeweler g
Wchavotlio mostassort- |
cd and complete stock of 1
goods outside of San |
Francisco in' various |
styles of Watches, |
Diamonds. Jewelry, |
plateSterling, Silver- |
ware, rich American 1
Cut Glass, Brica- |
Brae, and Novelties. |
Tf you are in need of any n
such woods, please look mine n
over first. Prices are nil as low ]
as can consistently bo made, |
A ONE PRICE STOKE. I
Foot of Main st., Jackson jj
PftCIFIG CARPET CLEfINING Co
Kemp & ileffernan, Prop'r.
Awninps tmade to order.
Carpets Cleaned and Refitted.
Upholstering 1 and Mattress Making
330 S. CALIFORNIA STREET
jylltf STOCKTON, CAL.
" LA. DANNER
Paints Wall Paper
Glass Brushes
Painting & Decorating
15 S. HUNTER STREET
jylltf STOCKTON. CAL.
Notice for Publication.
2201
Department of tbe Interior—
U.S. Laud Ollicont tiaciamento, Calif.
June 8. l!)08.
Notice is hereby given that Fred L.
Erickson. of San Fraucisuo, Calif.,
who, ou May 22, 1008, irmdo timber
and stone sworn statement, No. '2204,
for the EX of NW^; BWJ- 4 ' of NW^
and NK?4 of SW^, Section 11, Towu
ship 7N., Kange 11 K. , Mount Diablo
Meridian, has (tied notice of inten-
tion to make final proof, to establish
claim to tbe Jaud above described,
betore the Kegistet and Keceiver at
(J. S. Land Office in Sacramento,
Calif., on the 21th day of August,
UIOH.
- Claimant names as witnesses: (.nut
Lindquist, of Man Franoisco, Calif.,
O; C. Brnco of West Poiut, Calif.,
Cbarles Krickson aud J. P. Moll'ott,
ot Portland, Oregon.
JOHN V. AKMSTHONU,
je 12-td Kegister.
Notice for Publication.
2208
Department of tbe Interior—
U.S. Laud OtlJceßtSacramento.tCalit.
June 8, 1908.
Notice is hereby given that Julius
Cbichizola of Amador City, Calif.,
I who, on June li, IUOB, made timber
! and stone swoin statement No. 2208
ifor the S\\% of Shi }£; S>£ of SWJ^
section 3, and NW^ of NW^ Section
10, Township 7 N., Kauge 14 E.,
Mount Diablo Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make tiual 4
proof, to establish claim to tbe . land
above described, bbfore tbo Kegißter
and Keceivei at U. S. Land Office iu
Sacramento. Calif., on the 20th day
of August, 1908. .
Claimant names as witnesses: Paul
Krancoscoui and Ed. M. Culbeit of
Amador City, Calif., Fred Kabb of
Sutter Creek, Calif., and William
Urowu of Oleta, Calif.
JOHN K. AKMSTKONO,
je 12-td Kegister.
Notice for Publication.
~ 2209
Department of tbe Interior—
U. S. Laud Office at Sticrameuto, Calif.
June 8, liiOH.
Notice is hereby given that Kosalia
Kiiuh of lone, Calif.,' who, on May
21), 1908, made timber aud stoue
hwiiiii statement, No. '2209, fm- SK!-.{,
Section 35, Township 8 N , Range 11
hi., Mount Diablo Meridian, has filed
uotice of intention to make final
proof, to establifeh]olaim to the laud
above described, betore tbe Register
aud Receiver at 11. S. Lund Office in
Sacramento, Calif., ou tlio '20th day
of August; 1908.
Claimaut names as witnesses: Agues
M. Raab of lone, Calif., P. Ueruardiß
of Sutter Creek, Calif., E. M. Cul-
bert and T. A. Cbicbizolu of Amador
City, Calif.
JOHN I' 1 . ARMSTRONG,
je 12-td Register.
Keoelpt books, looatiou blanks, deeds
mortgages, promissory notes, eto.,
for eaJe; lso mining: signals on
oloth, graduation diplomas, at the
Ledger office
SHI IQIjlOl CO.
Floral Designs, Cut Flowers,
Bouquets.
336 East Weber Avenue,
STOCKTON, CAL. jySft
OASTOniA.
Boaw tho j) I' 19 Kind You Have Always Bou^N
signature /iff . *{/-¥/#•+■-#•'*
Notice to Creditors,
Kslhlo of'Mary Mullen rlt-cnaped.
Motiro ia licrnbr givon by the
iiii'lnr." ifux'd, mlminifttrntor nf thn
estnto nf Mnry Mullen, deceased, to
the creditors of and nil persons hav-
ing olnlnis ngninet the ttaid decenfied,
to exhibit them, with Hie necessary
voiiohern, within four months nfter
the first publication of Milh notice
to the pmlil ndmlnlntrntor, ul, the Imv
ulline nf Wm J. Mctlee, Court Hlreet,
ilaokaon, Aniador county, the snme
lining the I'JflCfl for the transaction nf
the business of said estate, in Kind
Amndor county.
Dated May 5, 1008.
11. B. POTTKH,
AdminiHtrator nf the estate of Mary
Million, dnceased
Win. ,1 MoUne,
Attorney for ndmiulHtrator.
je 12, li-t .
Notice tor Publication. 2210
Department of the luterior—
U.S. Laud OfUco at Hacramento, Calif.
June 8, IUOH.
Notice Is hereby givon thn). Agnes
M. llfliili, of loiii!, Calif., who on May
!<!!>, l!)08, miido timber and stone sworn
stntement No. IWIO, tor K}4 ot NWf 4 '
and H^ of NE# Section BB,iTov»DBhlp
8 N.. ifango 14 I'J., Mount Diablo mnr
id inn, has fllod uotico of intention to
nmkn Unnl proof to «stnl)lish claim to
the land tihnve described, before the
Kogister and Kuceirer at U. S. Land
Oliica iu Sacraincutn, Culif., on tho
iJGth dny of August, 1908.
Claimant nameH bh witnesses: Knsnlin
Kaab, of lone, Calif. P. Heruardis,
of Suttor Creok, Calif., V,, Al. Culhort
nnd T. A. Chichlzoln, of Amador City,
Calit.
JOHN F. AKMSTKONG, .
jel'2-td Kogister.
Notice for Publication. 2199
Deportment of the interior —
U.S. Lund Office at Sacramento, Calif.
June 8, l!)08.
Notice is hereby given that Charles
Krickson, cf Portland, Oregon, who,
on May li, 1908, made timber nnd
stnno sworn statement;, No. 2190, for
lota 3 and •lnod S>£ ot NWJ4, Soctinn
1, Township 7 IN, liange 14 K, Alount
Diablo iiiiu idiiiu, lias filed notice of
intention to make final proof, to
establish claim to tho land abovo de-
scribed, before the' Register aud
Keceiver at U. S. Land Olllce m
Hacrameuto. Calif., on tho 20tb day
of August, 1908.
Claimant; names as witnesses: T.
Chicbizola, of Amndoi City. Calif.,
O. C. iiruce, of West 'Point, Calif., .).
P. Moffett and (Jus. i'ettorson, ot
Portland, Oregon.
JOHN K. AKMSTKONO,
je 12-td ' Register.
Notice for Publication. 2200
Department of the Interior—
U.S. Land Office at Haoramento.Calif.
June 8, 1908.
Notice is hereby given that Metn J.
Krickson, of Portland, Oregon, who,
on May 14, 1908, made timber and
stoue swoin statement, No. '2200, tor
the SVV^ of NE% and lots 1, 2, aud
3, Section 2, Township 7 N., Range 14
t;., Mount Diablo meridian, bas filed
notice of intention to make final
proof, to establish claim . to the land
abovo described, before tho Kegister
aud Receiver at U. SS. Land Office in
Sacramento, Calif., on the '20t.1i dny
ot August, 1908.
Claimant names as witnesses: I'.
Chiohizola, of Amador City, Calif.,
G, C. liruce, of West Point, Calif.,
James P. Motfett and Una. Pettersou,
of Portland. Oregon.
JOHN V. AKMSTKONG,
je 12-td Register.
Notice for Publication. 2201
Department of the Interior—
U.S. Laud Office at Sacramento. Calif.
June 8, 1908. '
Notice is hereby given that James
P. Aloft'ett, of Portland, Oregon, who,
on May 14, 1908, made timber and
stoue Hworn statement, No. 2201, for
the SK>4 of NE^i NK of SK5< and
H\Sl4 of SK>4, Section 2, Township 7
N., Kange 14 K, 'Mount Diablo Meri-
dian, has filed notice of intention to
mnko final proof, to establish claim
to tbe laud above described, before
tho Register and Keceiver at U. S.
Land Office >n Sacramento, Calif., on
the 20tb day of August, VMS.
Claimant names as witnesses: T. A.
Chiohizola, ot Amador City, Calif.,
O. C. Bruce, ot West Hoint, Calif.,
(iiis. Petterson and Charles Kriek.son,
of Portland, Oregon.
JOHN I<\ AKMSTRONG,
je 12-td Register.
Notice for Publication.
'2202
Department of the interior—
U.S. Laud Office at Sacramento, Calif.
June 8, 1908.
Notice is beieby given that Ida
Mottett, of Portland, Oregou, who,
on May 14, 1908, made timber aud
stoue Hwnrn statement, No. 2202, tor
the NKK of SK^, Section 3; N}4 of
SW}£ and tiK l 4 of SW}^, Section 2,
Towuship 7 N., Kange 14 10., Mount
Diablo Meiidian, has filed notice of
intention to make final proof, to
establish claim to the land above
described, betoro the Register and
Keceiver at U. S. Land Ofllco in
Sacramento, Calit., ou the 20th day
ot A ngust, 1908.
Claimant names as witnesses; T. A.
Cbicbizola, of Amador City, Calif.,
(I. C. liruce, of West Poiut, Calif.,
Oiib. Petterson and Cbarles Krlcksou,
of Portland, Oregon.
JOHN P. ARMSTRONG:,
je 12-td Register.
Team and Buggy
HARNESS
All hand sewed.
A. BASSO.
Alain st., Jackson
In the superior court of the ntnfe of
California, In nnd for Amndor county.
Knuuu Wilton, plaintiff, vs. William
Will on, defendant.
Action brought in tho aupprlnr
court of tlio stnte nf Cnlifornla, in
nnd for Amndor county, and the com-
plaint tiled in tho olllce of tbo clerk
of shlil Amndor county.
WM. 0. SNYDEK,
Attorney for plniutilf.
The penplo of the hl.iil.d of Cnll*
fornln send freeing to William Wilton
defnudnnt.
V'on nro hotehy directed to appear
nnd iiriHWf'i tho complaint In au action
entitled na abovo, brought ngnitint
you In the superior court of the
hlmlo nf Cnlifornin, in nnd foi Ama-
dor county, within ten dnyn nfter the
service on you of this Humniorm— lt
hciviml within this county; or within
thirty diiy.H if nerved olHuwhnre.
Aud you are hereby notified that,
unlopfl tho defendant fo appears and
niiHwers, the plaintiff will tnke judg-
ment for nny money or damngca de>
mnnded iu the complaint as mining
upon contract, or will npply to the
court tor nny other relief demanded
Iu tho complaint.
Uiven under my hand mid tbe seal
of thn superior court of thn stato of .
California, in and for Amndor county,
this 21st dny of Mny A. I). 1008.
J. K. HUIIKIMV,
(Soul) Clork.
; July '21
Notice for Publication.
2207
Department of tlie Interior —
U.S, Lnnd Olllce at Sacrnmonto, Calif.
June 8, l!)08.
Notice ia hereby given that Victor
J. Chicbizoln, of Jackson, Calif.,
who, on June 3, l!)08, made timber
and stone sworn statement, No. 2207,
for theN}^ of tilihi nud N|£ of NW}£,
Section 9, Township V N., Kango 14
h!., Mount Diablo Meridian, has filed
notice ot intention to mnke final
proof, to establish claim to the laud
abovo described, before tho Register
and Keceivor at U. S. L'and OtHce in
Sacramento, Calif., on tbe 2(ith day
of August 1908.
Claimaut names ns witnesses: Paul
Kroucesconi and Ed. Al. Culbert, of
Amador City, Cnhf., l<rod Kabb of
Slitter Croek, Cnlif., aud William
lirown of Oleta, Calif.
JOHN 1-'. AKMSI'KONtJ,
je 12-td Keigster.
Notice for Publication.
'"" 2206
Department ot the Interior —
U.S. Land OtHce at Sacramento, Calif.
June 8, '1908.
Notice is hereby given that, William
K. Prothero, of Amador City, Calif.,
who, on MBy 27, 1908. made timber
and stouo sworn statement No. 2206,
for the N>£ of BK#;-Blfikf of NKW
and NEJ^ ot SW^, Section 1, Town-
ship 7 N., Range 14 K, Mount Diablo
Meridian, has filed notice of inten-
tiui^to make final proof, to establish
claim to the laud above described,
before tbo Register and Keceiver at
U. S. Land Office in Sacramento,
Calif, ou the 2 lib day of August 1908.
Claimaut names as witnesses: C.
Hlize and L. H. Cook, ot Volcano,
Calif., Frank Knowlton and A. Pim
of Amador City, Calif.
JOHN b\ AKMSTKOMJ,
je 12-td Kegister.
Notice for Publication.
' 2205
Department of the Interior—
U.S. Land OHice at Sacramento, Calif.
June 8, 1908.
Notice is hereby given that Gust
Lindquist. of San Krancisco, Calif.,
who, on May 22,- 1908, made timber
aud stone sworu statement, No. 2205,
for NEJi, Sectiou 12, Township V N..
Kange 14 K, Mount Diablo Meridian,
has filed notice ot intoution to make
Unnl proof, to establish claim to the
land above described, before tbe
Kegister and Receiver at U. S. Land
Office in Hacramento, Calif., ou tbe
21th day ot August, 1908.
Claimant names an witnesses: G. C.
liruce of West Point, Calif., Fred
Ericksori, of Snn Francisco, Calif.,
(J. Patterson aud J. P. Molfett of
Portland, Oregon.
JOHN K. AKMSTKONG,
je 12-td Register.
Notice for Publication
2212
Department ot tbe Interior —
U.S. Land Ofilce at Sacramonto, Calif.
June 15, 1908.
Notice is hereby given that Thomas
A. Chichizola, of Amador Cliy,
Calif., who, ou June 10, 1908, made
timber aud stone sworn statement,
No. 2212, for S^ ot NW#; SWW of
Nti^ and NW% of SW^, Section 9,
Towuship 7 N., Range 14 E., Mount
Diablo Meridian, has filed, uotice of
intoution to make final proof, to
establish claim to tbe laud above
described, betore the Kegister aud
Receiver at U. S. Land Office in
Sacramento, Calit, on the 25th day of
August, 1908.
Claimaut names as witnesses:
Frederick Rabb of Sutterl Creek,
Calif., E. Al; Culbert ot Amador City,.
Calif., William lirowu of Oleta.
Calif., and V. J. Chiobizola of Jack-
eon, Calif.
JOHN F. ARMSXRONU,
jel9 Register.
Notice for Publication
2211
Department of tbe Interior —
U.S. Laud Otlioe at Sacramento, Calif.
June 15, 1908.
Notice is hereby given that Mary L.
Chiohizola, of Amador City, Calif.,
who, ou June 10, 11*08, made timber
aud stoue eworu statement, No. 2211,
forS>£ of SK^ and S'^ of HWJ^,
Section 4, Township 7 N., Kango li
E., Mouut Diablo Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make flnul
proof, to establish claim to the laud
above described, before the Register
aud Keceiver at U. K. Laud Ofllco iu
Sacrumeuto, Calif., ou the 25th, day
ot August 1008.
Claimaut uames as witnesries:
Fredrick Rabb ot Sutter Creek,
Calif., K. M. Culbert of Auiudor
City, Culif., William lirowu of Oleta,
Culif., aud V. J. Chiiihi/.ulu of Jack-
son, Culif.
JOHN F. AUMSIKONU.
juell) KfuiHtor.