OLDEST PAPER
LARGEST CIRCULATION
It Pays the Busines* Man to Adver
tise in the Ledger,
Kstablislicd October 27, 1855.
lawyers;
TjtTtt. <». SSVDKKi
Att(irnoy-iit.l,»w,
Jackson, cal.
Orftce In Marolla Building, C<>urt otront.
Will PWCtlOe In all the courtsof tho stale.
DOCTORS.
171 K. KSfOIOOTT, M. I>.
It.
riiyalclan mill Surgeon
Jackson, Oaf,.
onico: Wobb building. All calls promptly
attonded to at all times,
t-vii. rm:i> P. sriiAdUK
rli)-Hl(-iHii hikl Surgeon
JACKSON. CAL.
OrriCß— Next door to residence, north Main
street, opposlto California hotol.
Telephone Main ft!
jMi, a. nr. uai.l
rhj-Hlrlun und Surgeon
Jackson, Cal
Oince In Marolla buildlnß, Main Street.
/■ >( 11. UIHIJONS Mi 1).
I'lij'Hli'iiin »nd Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
Olflce nnd residence: Well building.
Ofpick Hours:— 3 to 4 p. m. and whenever
not otherwise euxagud. Telephone fluunsu.
I » S. GOODMAN Al. I).
Physician mid Surgeon
■ Sutter Creek, Cal.
DENTISTS.
J. 1). FOOAUTV Ty. MAItTIN
T\BS. FOQABV & 3IAKTIN,
(Successors to Dr. C. A. HerrloU)
l>entlHtK,
JACIiSQN, CAL.
Omces In Kay Building, Main street.
Hours it to 5. Telephone Black StS3
k T) 11 ' 'TOIIN A. DELUCC'III
DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Oppick Hours:— From 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
"DICIIAUU WEIjH
United States Commissioner
JACKSON CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other tilings;
talifn? of llual proofs and all other Land
Business,
Deeds und other legal documents drawn up.
Cotlege of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA.
Boarding and Day School conducted bj the Sis-
-.ters of Notre Dauie (Namur). Foundeu In ISSB
TUe curiculum embracos all the branches of
i a solid Knglish education. Preparatory and
advanced courses In art, language uud music.
For f ortuer Information addreei
»Dll)-if SISTER SUPERIOR.
The A. Van tier Nailen School
or Civil, Electrical Mining Engineorlug^ etc.
KSTAMLISIIKI) 18IU.
Saved Appnrutus, Instruments, etc. Open In
nil Braoelius.
Great domnucl for cx-stuJents In uli lines.
NetT students should enroll at once.
Address, 5100 TelegraphiiA venue,
OAKLAND, CAL. mylS
ASSAYING, 50 Cts.
Pioneer Assaying & Refining Co
(CaVltul *HK),i>uo Kst. -n yours.)
Ciolil, Husu Hulllon, Cjrunldefi, Rich Ore, etc,
U>u»'iil. Spot cash ou assay valuo. All work
by experts •
131 nihSt., 11 r. 17,8, MINT,
mariO K San I'murlKci), I'nl.
L. OETTINOKH S. V. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry iMacliine Shop
Sutter Creek, Cal.
BUILDERS Of WATER WHEKLS OF
latent und must unproved putterus, uud
all Kimls of Hbuet Irou pipe. Kvery doHcrlptlon
ot mining und milling machinery m;ulo ut tbe
Htiiiru-Ht uotlce. We detilre to tiull tbu uttentlon
of i.i.icltsinlUiH and other workem in Iron to the
fact that we keep constantly on bund u large
aud complete utock of bur, reUned ami Norway
l*on, vah pipe, pas fittings, etc, which wo will
■eii at tho Lowest cash pkicus.
Amador Ledger.
JACKSON, AMADOU COUNTY. CALIFORNIA, VIUDA Y. MA XCII 13, IJJOB.
Everett Sentenced
To Serve One Year.
Last Mnnrlny iOverott, who was oon
vlctod a Bhort time ago of telonloill
assault, was Fontenced liy tho
superior court of Cnlnveias county,
to servo ono jear iv tho utate
prison. Tho caso will probably bo
tnkeu to the higher oourta, thnugh it
wns thought that tho shortness of tho
period to he served would hnvo the
effect of forestalling such action.
Tho defendant prior to tlm timo it
was claimed the urimo was com
mitted, was a very prominent mining
man in Calavoras county, so that tho
case has created not a I ill In stir.
A Stranger Dies
In Volcano.
A man by the name of John Voss
died in Volcano tbe latter part nf last
woek from au epileptic lit, according
to tho inquest held by Justice Kobiti
son. He waa a stranger in those
parts, having been theie only a short
time. He woiked tor a while at
(ilonn station above Volcano, moving
to tho latter place just before his
death. According to a letter found
in bis clothes bo has a large family,
but it did not state where they wore.
A telegram was sent to the address
given in the letter, which was from
bis daughter, but as yet no answer
has been received, nor cau any trace
bo fouud of the writer. A bank book
was also fouud in bis clothes showing
a small balance, while among his
eilects was found a life insurance
policy for . 81000 payable to his
daughter.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••A
I DAILY STAGE LINE |
• BETWEEN S
• JACKSON and EL DORADO •
• J. Steiner, Proprietor. •
J Leaves Jackson overy morning at 7:30 2
O a.m.: arrives at Plymouth 10:30 a.m. •
A Leaves Plymouth ,it Ip. tn.; arrives at •
J El Dorado 5 p.m. *
2 Learos El Dorndo 7:15a. m; arrives J
• nt Plymouth 11 a. m. Leaves Plymouth «
• at 2p. m. ; arrives in Jackson at sp. tn. *
2 Offices— Jackson. National Hotel ;Sut- J
~ ter Creek, American Uxcbungo; Ama- 1
Z dor City, Amador Hotel; Dry town, Ex- Z
J change; Plymouth, Forest House. Z
• Prompt delivery of packages. •
• This line ronnects with passenger •
• trains to and from Placervllle. •
• THROUGH FARE - - - - 52.50 £
9 Fifty pounds of baggage free. •
*«*i«e»ttM«ti»isHioo«oe»
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, Jackson
Dealer In
mmm watches, clocks meiry*
AND SILVERWARE
C» All goods warranted as represented
KepaU-lng of watches Clocks and jewelry a
KpeHaltr.
(••(ic(S9*eeinogtt«M«»aa«
■ -
• GO TO THE «
! AMADOR BfIKERY |
• When You "RUT? ATI •
• Want Fresh J>I»J!jAJJ «
ILI L 01 PORTO I » IIS. 5
15 , o
o »
® Wo also;keep u largo stock of Sinuio "
m and Fancy •
* GIIOCEKIES J
Our Speoialty— Freahlßread evorv day «
except Suudoy •»
If You Want
Good Health, .
DRINK NOTHING BUT
Rulistallcr's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BEER IN TIIE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Malt
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. mysw
Sutter Creek Bank.
A meeting ot tho depositors of tho
defunct Slitter Creek hank was held
in tiinl, town Sunday afternoon. The
object win 1 , as fat' jim wo could lind
out, to organize for the purpose ot
protecting tho intere&tri ot the de
positors in view of Ihi' suit commenc
ed by the ntule for the appointment
of a reoolver \o take charge of tho
bank's affairs. W. (). Suydor of this
city was elected chairman. A com*
mittco of K> was appointed to look
over tho matter, nud report a course
of actiou at the next meeting. (J. 11.-
McKennuy was elected hs chairman
of the committee, aud ufter investi
gation, another mooting will be culled
at his suggestion.
Tho committeo consists of V. Nor
ton, W. L. Koso, U. 11. McKeuney,
Fred Hall, ,1. Day.is, Tony Cavaguaro,
Clarence Keevea, Vince Aruerich,
Ueorgo Uersich, D. V. liamazbtti,
Oeuuis Madden, A. Malatcsta, Robert
Christeuson, John Koss jr., aud L.
L. Cunoo, with C. H. MoKenuoy act
ing as chairman.
Homer W. Wood, who is acting as
attorney tor Jackson Dcnuis, arrived
from San Francisco Sunday evening,
and later went before the. committee,
which had been called for that even
ing, and stilled that Mr Deuuis would
have sufficient money on, hand in a
few days to reopen the bank and
would meet all demands.
Operating Room
At Hospital.
A room is being prepared at tho
County hospital specially for operat
ing purposes. After every operation
it is imperative to thoroughly cleanse
everything iv the room, and all im
plements used. This is done to tbe
extent of washing the walls and
scrubbing aud repainting tbe floor.
To enablo this to be done efficiently,
it is necessary to have tbe walls coat
ed with a water-proof covering some
thing in the nature of enamel. All
that is required attor this is done is
to turn on the hose on the walls and
door, aud disinfect the premises. The
[Taint for the walls has been ordered,
also other tbiuga needed, and tho
room will be fully equipped in a few
days.
The Arson Cases.
In the cases of the people of the
state vs. Agostind lioreilo, (iiovnrmi
Hattiste, Marco Liorello and Domenico
Alanzo, tho attorneys for the defend
ants. Alfred H. Cohen, James 11.
Creely and D. H. Spaguoli have Hied
a challenge to the panel of the grand
jury and to certain jurors and
motioned that the iudictuieuts be set
aside. They challenge tho entire
panel on the ground that the re
quisite number of ballots was not
drawn from the jury box; that notice
of the drawing waa not giveu as re
quired by law; that it was not dono
at tho correct timo uor manner, and
in the proseuc.o of tho proper officers?
that the proper order was not made
directing tho jury to bo drawn or
number; and that the uumea of tho
jurors wore not drawn iv the manner
and from tho list of jurors provided
by law. They challenge Uoo, Lucot,
Frank Horaoco, M. \V. ford aud T.
A. Chichizola on the ground that
they wore not ou the last assessment
roll. They usk that tho indictments
be set aside ou the ground tlißt tho
names ot the witnesses examined or
their depositions were not insorted nt
the toot of the indictments; that tho
testimony was not delivered to tho de
fendants upon their arraignment; and
that (.!. 11.I 1 . Vlciui, who was proseut at
tho session of the grand jury, as dis
trict attorney, was disqualified to not
as such for the reason that his futhei
was the owner of the Summit house,
which the defendants are accused of
burning. Tho case was continued
until March l(i.
A distiict appellate court has hold
that tho change from a toe to a salary
basis as reguids justices of the peace
aud coustabies, effected by a bill con
cerning Mendooloo county, did not
apply to preseut incumbents, on the
ground that it was uu increase of
compensation, and therefore uncon
stitutional us applicable to them.
Krom this it would seem that the
court made it a part of its business
to luqulie into the proposition
whether or not the change iv the luw
was in leality uu increase ot com
pensation, and having found in the
arllrmative, barred the present olllcials
from leaping any benefit from the
law. Of course It will apply to thbir
successors.
Now Is the time to get your paint
ing and papering dove, white we are
Iv town. O. V. uud M. L, Fouruier,
1\ U. box 207.
Tailings Plant
A Great Success.
J'lio plant iiißtall«d nt tlm Zuila
mine by llambric aud Darrow to
work tho tailings of that, mine, n
contract for which was lot hy the
mine to Kortuer and Carley, was iet
in operation last week and has more
than fullilled the hope* of the in
ventor, l'enrle Uambrlo, aud his
BBsbalate, W, E. Jtnrrow of Hut tor
Utook, Tho muchino is in tho form
of a " merry -go-round," being thirty
eight feet Iv diameter, and consists
ot tour tables covorod with oanvns,
one above the othor, inclined away
from the center, and makes one re
volution every fifteen minuteo, the
motive power being electric. Tho
tailings como from tho mill unil are
distributed automatically over these
tables, and from thero pasa to other
tables for further couttentration.
Tbe patent papers wero received
about the middle of last month and
application has been made for a
paient in Canada and Mexico. 'Ihe
plant is eutirely for primary concen
tration, to raise tbo values from a
low rate to a higher at an expense
far below any appliance yet brought
into uso. To prove bis theory, llam
bric ugreod to put in the olant at tho
Zuila with no expense to the con
tractors, Fortuer and Carley.
Moving Milling Machinery.
Joniab Phillips, who was n resident
of tbia county for many yoiira prior
to eight years ago, ia here superin
tending tbe takiug down of tbe mill
of the Awador Pheuix and Amador
Queen mines, preparatory to takiug
the same to Coultorville, Alariposa
county. J'hoy lluished with - the,
Amador Phoenix near Weilaud, early
this week. This stuff made about 30
tons, and required about fifteen trips
to take it to the station. They are
now at work ou tbe Amador Queen in
Llunt'a gulch, aud will also take the
hoist on that property. Air Phillips
is a veteian millman and prospector.
Smco he left here ho located a quartz
claim tour miles from Sonora in
I'uolumue county, aud after develop
ing at au expense ot £2000, aold out
for Sir>ooo. Ho has siuco been operat
ing on a quartz property tour miles
from (Joulterville, uud has run an
arasta on the rock for over n yoar,
aud thus proved its paying qualities,
lie now proposes to erect a twenty
stump mill, and is removing ttu
macbinoiy from this county for that
purpose. Tlib ore, he nays, ranges
from S"> to SIJO per ton.
Accident at Bunker Mil!.
A skiploud of men, eight iv num
ber, met with uti adveuturo Ht tlio
Huukcr Hill mi no last Kriday that
t!j«y will not soon forget. They wero
being Ji 11 ii J <>t I out of the shaft nt. tlio
chance of shiit. Au experienced
engineer W. H. Durris, wub at the
olectrio hoist, liy some oversight the
loud of human freight was hoisted
like a Jot of waste rock, nud tho men
wero tumbled pell moll outo the
waste dump. Ttto full was not very
groat^ Hud none of them were serious
ly hurt. A few bruises were the only
reminders of the unpleasant experi
enoo. The accident was no tuult of
the hoisting machinery, which vyorks
like a cliann; can bo instantly started
and stoppod or slowed up, just hs
readily na au electrically driven
street car. Tho engineer fiuukly ad
mitted that ho was to blame, fie hud
been connected with the company for
many years, lie was laid olt' on 110-
I'uuiit of this mishap for a while.
Strike Declared Off.
The strike ot the miners at tho
Mi'lones mine about six mil oh from
Angels Camp, which begun over two
mouths ago because the mine had
failed to live up to their part of llm
iiKioemout made at the time of the
big strike iu 'that camp, when all the
men were out of work, has been de
clnrod off, the men practically gett
ing their (lonuiuds. Lust Salunliiy
thi) mini went to work, many of the
old men excepting the a^itatom,
having thoir twine jobs buok.
Real Estate Wanted.
Wuuted.— Would like to heur at
once from owner having kooi! mndiutn
size farm or rujull l)uniuens for sale
iv any good prosperous locality,
l'lease give pi ice and description mid
ruasou for nelliuK. Stain when
possession ohii be had. Mo auents
need reiily. Address Lock Drawer
118-1, Koohester, N. V.
Iv Move's hull mi St. I'atNOk'a
evening, March 17, the comedy-drama
of "Tiie Comer Htoie" will be pie
geuted by local taleut for the benollt
of the Catholic church,
jfc 1 Where the finest biscuit,
& cake, hot-breads, crufts Ji
J, or puddings are required p||
W Ifyyal is indispensable. 1^
M Absolutely 'Fure \^k
f| Not only for rich or fine food >v\
II or for special times or service. W*
' M Royal is equally valuable in the Aft
J| preparation of plain, substantial, 3uJ
| I every-day foods, for all occa- W
sions. It makes the food more
$i tasly, nutritious and wholesome. CSJ
MINING NOTES.
Fremont.— Repair work in tho dis
abled shaft ia moving along very
satisfactorily. ' The latter part of last
week they had reached the 950 level.
Thero the big cave was encountered
as was anticipated, owing to the soft
character ot the formation, it is
'probable that the shatt is choked
I from this point to where the skip is
coveiod up in the dobris at tho 1050.
Considerable work will have to be
dove to repair this portion of the
shaft. Au immense quantity of tim
bers and cord wood tiavo already been
usod iv fixing the shaft. It was ex
pected to start tho mill early this
week ou ore from several of the levels
which are above wheie the repair
work is in progress. Altogether
everything is considered satisfactory,
aa far as the mine is concerned, the
damage not being as great as it might
have been, tho company will no
doubt be able to got the mine in good
shape without calling upon tho share
holders.
Arbor Day Exercises.
The arbor day exercises last Satur
day under the direction ot Ursula
Parlor No 1. of Native Daughters
were held on the school houue
grounds. There was not a large at
tendance, but the program was inter
esting, aud list oned to attentively by
those preseut. Airs. A. Angovo
introduced .Judge 1!. 0. Kust, who
made a short address suitable for the
occasion, I'hoio was also music by
the band, and singing by the choir.
After which a number ot elms were
planted along Church street, aud four
cypress trees within tho school in
closure.
Install Lodge at
Mokelumne Hill.
Last Mouday evening a lodge of
Native Daughters was installed iv
Mokelumue Hill, tho charter mem
bership being forty, the largest num
ber starting a new lodge during the
past year. D. 1). U. I. Lilia Hisbee
of Angels, assisted by Mrs Marsh of
tho same place, was the iutalling
officer. After the services a bauquet
was served. The orlicers of the now
lodge aie past president, Mrs iiluxla.
Krim; president, Miss Kose Sheridau;
llrst vice pres., Airs Irene Irving;
second vice pres., Mts Luelu Peters;
third vice pres., Clara Murray; fin
ancial sen., Airs (J. (JroevHs; rettordor,
Ali-h Alario Ijaughliu; treasurer, Airs
Alary Stiokney; marshal, Airs I'loriuda
Solnri; trustees Airs Tynan, Airs
Muguire aud Mrs Hughes; inside
sentinel, Alru Edith Irving; outside
sentinel, Mrs Lucy ICice; organist,
Airs Maud Hum. Ten members of
.Jackson lodge went over, while several
were preseut from Angels uud Sun
Aud rent).
Impure bood inns you down -makes
you uu easy victim foi organic dis
eases, liiirdock lilood Hitlers purities
the blood— cuiea the cuuso— builds
you up.
_,*_ ___ ,
You rsin get your Billheads.
Letter Heads, etc., printed ai
the Ledger for less than you
can buy blank stock for else
where.
THY IT.
Five Cents Per Copy.
Hotel Arrivals
National.— Thursday. G H Har
moii, Hacratnento; Mrs Al Craig, Pine
Urove; X K;i<hi, San Francisoo; X
Ueujamau, Lob Augeles; J 11 llous
wiclc, Angela.
Friday— Hurt Winohell, Sacramento;
Mrs C tidtiliiiin, L A Uramboni, la J
Wottheimer, ban Francisco; li Wal
lace. Denter.
Saturrlny-W A Jones, 11 A Solo
niou, San Francisco; W J Bhirley,
Stockton; J (jaribaldi, Aruador; X' li
Uawaon. Electra; H li iMctiuirm,
Oakland.
Sunday— E U Jioydston, Volcano;
John Kaggin, Stocktou; A J Zadig, J
W J^estßr, Wan Francisco.
Monday— Fteil (Jrum, C 11 Dare,
Stocktou; E P Stepbenson, New
York; W C Tuompson, Sacrameuto;
Miss Snawood, Yorktovvn.
Tuesday— L Al ilarkuess Stockton;
Jl'JJ I ' J Ueoby, Sacramento; Li X Akins,
10 Teesdale, Kan Francisco; Kobert
Kandall. (ioldlield.
Wednesday— X M Ulair, J V tie
christ, Stocsbtou; A Al Jndaouj
Cbicaj»o; O (J Zeupeo, J P Fogarty,
X N Pearson, Jl (iold.stniii, San
FranolßCO; J N ljot'stad, Uetouder.
Ulobe.— Thursday. Ueo U White,
Sacramento; Saiu Aronson, IS'ew
York; WLt Miller, Simta Kosa; li. E
Hcott. San Fraucisco.
Friday -('has. (iaylord, San Fran
cisco; Pavilla Dratnatie and Musical
Co.: Tony Levaggi, Plymouth; (Jeo
E Smith, A X Jui^eusen, Sacra
mento, Wm (!!olt, flacervilln.
Saturday— Jack \Vatsou,l) CJ Stover,
Stockton; W liray; ltalph lleurick,
Electra.
Sunday— Dave Oueto; i' S Mar-
chunt, Ilealdsburß,
Mouday— Z E liuckuer, Sau Fran
cisco; (J S Usboruo, Sticrameuto.
Tuesdny— Ueo \V Tantau, lone.
Wednesday— Kobort Kaudall, Gold-
Held; Jaa Mcliride, Sacramento; A
Jobnsou, Suiter; Ctms F Jo«os, San
Andreas; Samuel Henderson, Stock
ton; II S KiisiHoll, Nevada (Jity, Al li
Nichols, Liancliu Plana; A C Adams,
Volcano; N l''ostor, Julian; 11 Li Alar
chant. Defender.
A Large Fee
For Recording.
A liopy of the trust deed neatly
bound iv a pamphlet of tho California
(ias aud Klcotric Corporation to tbo
Union Trust Co. has been received
by the county recorder's oflice. The
fees fur placing these documents on
recortl will amount to 8147, and if
written would take v person nearly
two months of continuous writing to
complete. Instead of this Air Patter-
I ana will have it printed into the vari
; ous books in which it is necessary,
for thorn to be recorded.
The l'uuillo (lan aud Electric Com
pany, which holds the control of the
California Corporation, mortgages ull
the lauds upon which tho works of the
company are situated, ull franchises,
and appurtenances to the Union Trust
Company ot him Francisco to further
secure the issue by the California
Corporation of unifying aud refund
ing mortgage, live per cent thirty
year gold bonds, to the amount of
116,000,000,
The object of the electric company
In issuing bonds to this extent is tor
the retirement of all the outstanding
bunds- of the companies ot which it id
com pi lied amounting to *!!(), "JH"2, 000
leaving a balance of 814, 7)8,000 to be
used for the improvident of their pro
perties.2
AMADDR LEDGER
Published every Friday Afternoon
HICHAM) WEED Editor and Proprietor
M . I' 1 . CALKINH Dust ness Manager
On« year (tn advance i $2 00
Oce year (1( not in ndvaoce) 9 10
SU months J f 0
Throo months '.... I) ful
One or nioro copies, each (I 5
Legal ndvertlslnft— per nquate of 2.11 ems—Vint Insertion V i>o
Subsequent Insertions— pc : siitinro-oach '. 50
EN?EHED AT THE POSTOFFICE AT JACKSON AS SECOND-CI-ASS MATTER.
THT^ PA PTSTJ '" lt0 P l on nln Rt F " c - DAKE'B Advertising AROticy. 7711 Mnrkct strcnt
Imo 1 (VI LU su U Frnnclsco, California, whoro contracts for udvortistntf can bo mada
for It
CITY OFFICIAL PAPER.
FRIDAY , MARCH 13, 11)08
COLLINGWOOD SCHOOL TRAGEDY.
The disaster at the Collingwood school, Ohio, by which
over 170 children perished in the flames that destroyed the
schoolhouse, should read a lesson throughout the Union, and
cause the construction of school buildings everywhere to be
critically examined with the view of remedying any defects
from a fire-escape standpoint. No doubt the school trustees
of Collingwood thought |j they had a yafe schoolhouse,
and never dreamed of the possibility of such a terrible calam
ity overtaking the children. The building was provided with
a fire escape, a poor affair it is true in the light of the whole
sale loss of life ,that occurred, but it was no doubt deemed
adequate for any emergency. Yet the scholars were caught
like rats iv a trap, the very openings intended as means of
escape proving their undoing, The fatal blunder of the ar
chitect was that the door of main exit opened inwards. When
the children, frantic with fright, stampeded for the door, they
were piled up against the doorway by those pressing from be
hind, rendering futile all efforts to remove the blockade
created by the crushed and struggling humanity.
Probably many school buildings in every state in the
Union are no better safeguarded in case of iire than was the
one in Ohio that so recently furnished this holocaust of
death. In the presence of this sad lesson, all schoolhouses
containing more than one room should be provided either
with swinging doors, or doors that open outward. To retain
the other style of door-hanging is little short 'of criminal.
The law of California requires school houses of more than
one story to be provided with fire escapes. Concerning the
door openings it is not so specific. In Amador county the
two-story buildings at Jackson and Sutter Creek are looked
upon as reasonably safe. The two Jacksou school
buildings are connected by a bridge on the upper floor, and
the doors swing either way. Iv Sutter Creek the rear of the
sceond story is within easy reach of the ground embankment
left in excavating. In some other schoolhouses the provision
against fire is less adequate, and the Ohio disaster should
move trustees everywhere to see that no glaring defects that
made possible that calamity should be tolerated in the build
ings under their control.
Supervisor Fraser of Sutter Creek made a significant re
mark at the session of the board held last week. The board
declined to reconsider its action in cutting down a claim of
the Ledger from $10 to $3, the matter of suing for the amount
was in some way injected into the discussion, the theory of
the supervisors being that the sum involved was altogether
too small to justify such a course. Fraser thereupon spoke
up to the effect "We have a district attorney to attend to such
things, so it won't cost us anything." The remark passed
without protest or comment of any kind from the other mem
bers. If the statement was made in a joking manner it was
in bad taste and out of place. If, on the other hand it was
intended seriously, it suggests a deplorable condition of
affairs. It conveys the idea that supervisors can presume to
cut down bills without right or reason, holding the fact that
the legal adviser of the county will take charge of any suit
that may be instituted for redress in behalf of the supervisors
as a club to prevent the cutting down process from being
•ventilated in the courts. It means, " You can't afford to sue,
as it will cost you many times the amount involved for at
torney fees, so you will be out of pocket win or lose, whereas
it will cost us nothing any way." What an unseemly propo
sition to be paraded before a public body. What next.
The supreme court, by a unanimous vote, has sustained
the decesion of the district appellate court in theSchmitz and
Ruef extortion cases, denying the petition for a rehearing.
After the hue and cry made by a portion of the press and the
bar against the judges who had the courage to interpret the
law as they found it even though it did run counter to popu
lar clamor, the highest tribunal declares that the much
abused decisiou was the correct exposition of the law, and
indirectly scores the prosecution for their presentation of
the matter. The final outcome is about what every unpreju
diced miud looked for.
AMADOU LKlK+Eih JACKSON, CALIFORNIA,
i^iuK' \-4?™"'! ?«]™SJ»J For Infants nnd Children.
II f ISTBiil ™ e K' n d You Have
ill^^W Always Bought
Ig&agi slmtlaiingihcFootfantlßctfuta- J3earS 1116 /I .* \
i|l lllMlzggHS|B Signature /y\A
iSjjlifi! Promotes DigeslionjCheerTul rvf #C\/vtr
IJsSii'ii'i ness and RestJConlalnsncliiw # l\ \r^
fflrtgjij i Opium.Morphine norMiacral. BaAi I a ■
$pJjj Not Narcotics j I /Clr
fflSnl Dmi/Jm Seed" l! 1/4
||[i; tsssi- \ I A • f\% In
»£o| AuseSnd* I f\ . fl \ w ill
3fi- «&*, ? i l\ yi*- ■"
ffit'lj! | mgpvTtom I \ /\T At* USB
iwSP; Apfirfect Remedy for Consflpa- I 1 .If
ffife<n ; i' Hon.Soui'Sloraach.Dlarrhoca 1 lly « f|
illSnS Worms, Convulsions, Feverish- \ If §"111" 1 1 11 PI"
IiSS ■ nessandLossorSlEEP.; \J IUI UffUl
II iiir \ Thirty Years
|i|f| : NEW YORK. ■ 111l IJ lUMIW
Kxact Copy of Wrapper. THI CIMTAOII COMMMY , HIW VOIU OITT .
SUNSET EXPRESS
Fast Flying
Sea to Sea
Drawing Room Sleepers, unsurpassed Dining Car
service, Observation Parlor. Library, Cafe, open air.
Rotunda, oil bq.i'nin'g Locomotives!
Personally conducted excursions via New Orleans
in modern tourist cars to Chicago, Cincinneti, Wash-
ington and St. Louis.
Great winter route through the land of tho cotton
and tho corn and the great cities of the [New South*
For further information write to or call upon the
nearest agent of tho
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
S 6INOCCHIO BRO'SJ
MJ "* — ~-"' v^ — -*fc, DEALERS IN -^ ffry{
1 General Merchandise!
wi e> 9 Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoos, rag
M %%& Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining W
m /"s Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, m
w Grain, etc., etc. \M
m W
gj Corner Main and Water St. M
1 JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA I
HISTORY OF TAPESTRY.
Tha A/t Was Known to the Anoifmi
Greeks end Egyptians.
Flemish artists nre believed to ttave
been the first to lnnke tapestry for use
us a covering for walls. The nrt It&slf
Is certainly very ancient, many of the
hangings used In Kgypt nfld Greece
being considered true tapestry. Its
subsequent history Is obscure, bul It
evidently maintained a lingering ex
istence in the east until the Snraeeno
revived it mid brought it to Kuropo.
Tapestry Was used by tho Saracens
only as dnipery or curtains for tl>o
courts of their houses. Embroidery
appears to hnvo served for this pur
pose in northern Europe until after
tho twelfth century, and much of tho
work of this period wiik really em
broidery. Slicll (IB the incorrectly named
BayoUX ttlpe«tryi It was in the four
teenth century that tapestry began to
be largely ni.ido In Flanders, where the
weaving Industry became very impor
tant. At Hint time twenty-seven
streets were occupied by" the weavers
of Ghent. In 1382 there were 50,000
weavers In Louvaln and more still at
YprcSi Very few samples of four
teenth century tapestry remain, but
those that have como down to the
present day closely resemble contem
porary wall painting. During the lat
ter part of the fifteenth century the
golden age of tapestry existed, especial
ly in Bruges nnd Arras. The Flemish
tapestries of that time are models of
textile art. The color is rich, the dec
orative effect strong, the drawing and
composition graceful, and the whole
arrangement shows consummate skill
in endeavoring to meet the exigencies
of the loom nnd at the same time tho
aesthetic requirements of wall decora
tion.—Argonaut.
COOLNESS IN DANGER.
Experiences of an English Military
Official In India.
When Lieutenant Henderson was
captured >by the natives of the Gold
Coast hinterland they got into a
wordy discussion as to how they would
kill him. The victim listened awhile
till he ,wa» weary of it "Oh, well,"
he said, "I can't be bothered with your
arguments! I'm very sleepy. Let me
know when you have made up your
■ minds." And off to sleep he went.
The unexpected performance saved his
life. His calm indifference persuaded
Samory's men that they had to do with
some one of immense importance. Un
willing to take on themselves the re
sponsibility for his death, they sent
him unharmed to Samory's court, in
the Jlminl country.
Once again Lieutenant Ilenderson
saved himself by a like exhibition of
courage. He found Samory on a
throne, surrounded by 4,000 warriors,
yet when motioned to do homage on
his hands and knees he did nothing of
the sort. He simply sat on the throne
beside Samory, shaking that monarch
warmly by the hand. Thanks to this,
and to nothing 'else, ho was accepted
as the representative of a great sov
ereign instead of a captive doomed to
death, lie talked to Smnory of the
queen, and Samory talked to him. Thus
.1 mission which might have ended, as
so niiiny African missions have ended,
in a terrible silence and vL suspicion of
unspeakable horrors, did, in fact, end
iv ft valuable basis of future relations
between Great Britain and a Moham
medan power.— London Scraps.
T!io Shapo of the Sky.
What is the apparent form of the
vault of the sky? There is probably
no one to whoso eyes it seems a true
hemisphere, with the zenith appearing
as distant as the horizon. At sea or
in a flat country the scorning greater
distance of the horizon is best shown.
Professor J. M. Pernter in discussing
this subject reaches the conclusion that
the form of the vault in vertical sec
tion is that of the segment of a circle
the arc of which subtends at the center
an angle of the order of forty degrees.
If the reader will draw such a segment
he may be surprised by the amount of
flattening which is thus ascribed to the
sky. From this optical illusion many
curious effects arise, such as the seem
ing increased magnitude of the sun
and moon when near the horizon and
the apparently oval forms of halos and
coronas seen at low altitudes.
A Financial Episode.
A Milwaukee business man stepped
up to the teller's window iv one of the
city banks during a financial flurry,
presented a check and asked for the
money It 'represented.
"I cannot give you the cash," said
the teller, "but I can pay you in clear
ing house certificates."
"I would much prefer the currency,"
answered the man.
"The certificates are just as good,"
said the teller.
"Well," returned the merchant, "If
that is the case I suppose I can go
borne to my baby \uul give it some
milk tickets and say, 'Here, little one,
these are Just as good as milk!' "
Trimmings.
The other day at a golf club in Scut
land a minister of the kirk was re
proved by an elder In hia church for
using high flown words respecting a
bad stroke ho had made, and the min
ister replied:
"Weel, Dauvld, I was nao Hue mien
Wearing as merely embellishing my
feelings."
Shaky Logic.
' "You certainly toKl 1110 to embrace
my privileges."
"Well, but I didn't toll you to em
brace my daughter."
'•No. Hut to embrace your daughter
is a privilege."— London Express.
A man must slimd cruet, not be kept
erect by others.- Marcus Aurellus.
W. tt. I'HILLIPS,
(Snccessor to William Sconce)
UNDERTAKER & EMBALMER
ri,VM(»ITII,* CAL,
■■ , ■.. ' • . , ■ .
Ciills prmnptly nltrndrd tnilny nrnt|(ht.
Krne iisti of parlor for fnin'rals.
A linn unil coniplelp ItOCH of ("oIIIbs, clolh
nnd r'nsli covored Caskets, vouftlnntly on linnd
nt rvuxonnlile iirlnes. fe2a
— _^__— __
ST. 6EOR6E HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOU CO., CAL.
L. 11. Cook, Proprietor.
HefiMed and renovated throughout ..
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Tahlosupplied with host in market.
Terms reasonable, jnel
Globe Hotel |
I w i
J [ NEW MANAGEMENT. < ►
!! MRS. ANNIE HUUST....Prop'r \[
\ ', . -^.^ < ►
I; Board and Lodging \\
J [ AT REASONABLE RATES. J J
1! Sample Rooms for Commer- $
',', clal Travelers. V,
| j All Stages stop at this hotel. < >
! JACKSON CAL. f
j NEW !
j National* Hotel;
| Jackson, Amador county, Cal. \
!!| F. A. VOORHEIS, Proprietor
" Stage Office for all Points J
< I Lighted by electricity throughout j
r ■ 'Commodious Samplo Rooms for (
I Commercial Travelers. aul8(
J. A. Vanderpool
THE MAN
Plymouth, Caf.
Has on hand a. full line of Harness
n and Hardess Fixtures, Saddles,
Bridles and Robes. Buggies
anr. Carriage tops made
to order.
Also has on hand a line of
that well known and thor-
oughly tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies.
OFFICIAL MAP
—OF..
Amador County
Drawn from official records and sur-
veys by D. C. CARLTON, showing
township and school district bound-
aries, ownership of all lands accord iny
to assessment roll of 1904, mineral
claims, canals, location of all school-
houses; also a towusito map of priaoU
pal towns, namely Jackson, Slitter
Creek, lone, Amador City, Drytown,
Plymouth und Volcano.
Si/.e 0 by 'A\ feot.
Price, colored &, mounted $10
Plain and unmounted - $5
Sold only at
AMADOU LEDGER OFFICE
Jackson, Cal.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of C^O^fM^&iAmador County
Descriptive Article
A mud or county comprises nn area of
648iqttara miles. It lips on the wes
tern slope of Sierra Nevada mountains,
and embraces within its territory nil
thn diversity of valley, foothill, find
hljfh mountainous land*.
CllmiUe. — Tho Climate of tho popu
lous portions of tho county is as genial
and healthful as can be found anywhere
in California, As climate Is ono of the
most valuable, assets of this favored
state In attracting 1 population, Amador
stands second to no county in this re
gard. It should, and no doubt will in
time, when Its climatic advantages are
more thoroughly understood und ap
preciated, become a health resort not
only fop those In less favored states,
hut for tho residents of other parts of
California. Tho temperature alone tho
central portion rarely falls below 30
degrees above zero in winter, and as
rarely rises to 100 degrees in the sum
mer. Snow seldom falls in tho Bottled
districts, and never remains on tho
ground for more' than a few hours. Of
course, In tho high mountain regions
of eastern Amador tho snowfall Is very
hoavy— which is characteristic of the
ontlro Sierra Nevada range. Tho sum
raei- season is alwuy accompanied with
cool nights; permitting of sound, re
freshing slumbor. Fogs aro rare, cy
clones are unknown, thunderstorms are
infrequent.
Gold Mining. — The county, although
rich in other sources of wealth, com
paratively untouched, la noted prin
cipally for her quartz mines. The
deepest gold mines in America aro lo
cated here. Tho Kennody mine Is now
taking gold in liberal quantities from
quartz extracted from a depth of over
2JOO feet below tho surface, with every
indication that tho pay-ore extonds to
a much greater depth. Since tho dis
covery of gold, the county has contrib
uted fully $100,000000 to the world's
supply ot the precious metal. The
mines are still yielding at the rate of
about two million dollars annually.
Nearly all of this wealth Is produced by
eight or ten mines operating on what
is called the "mother lode," stretching
clear across the county in a north-east
erly direction a distance of twenty
miles. The mines aggregate between
400 and 500 stamps, and furnish em
ployment for over 1000 miners. This
industry is still in Its infancy. The
unexplored territory, even along the
maiu gold belt, is far in excess of the
ground that has actually been worked
or prospected . The county offers to
day one of the most inviting fields to
be found anywhere In the world for tho
investment of capital in the fascinating
business of gold mining, not alone along
the mother lode, but also in tho almost
untouched mineralized country of the
east belt, some tenor twelve miles from
the main lode.
Besides gold, we have copper, de
posits of pottery, coal, imarbe, slate,
limestone, granite, and soapstone or
talo— all undeveloped.
Agricultural Capabilities. — Tho agri
cultural possibilities equal, if not excel,
the mineral riches. The valley lands
will produce anything that can bo
grown in the most favored sections.
In the foothill lands all kinds of decid
uous fruits thrive: also all kinds of
vegetable are raised where irrigation
v practicable along tho numerous water
courses. Further up In tho mountains,
at an altitude of 2000 to 2000 foet, tho
soil is admirably adapted for apples
and potatoes. A ready market for
:nuny times tho quantity now raised of
these commodities can be found lin tho
various mining towns.
Grapo culture and winomaking are
becoming Important industries, both
the grapes and wine commanding a
better price than .the product of tho
lowland.
Land is cheap compared with other
California lands. Improved farms may
be secured for one-fourth the price
current In some places. Unimproved
Itiuds can be had from $■"> to $10 per
acre. It does not require a fortune to
buy a small rancn. There is room for
a largo addition to our agricultural pop
ulation. Vast tracts now dovoted to
cattle ranges might bo uiado the homos
of hundreds of prosperous fanners.
Amador has a populasionof less than
12000.' Three fourths of this is concen
trated in a strip of three miles above
jiti.l below the mineral belt.
Jackuon, the county seat, has about
2500 inhabitants, and is an incorporated
city of the sixth class. Other towns
urn Butter Creek, Amador City, Dry
town, Plymouth, Volcano, line Grove
and Oleta. lone City Is the metropolis
of the valley section, a thriving town
oMOOO Inhabitants. '
Thoeomrnunity is law-abiding. Edu
cuiionul facilities are excellent. A
holiool house is within easy reach of
nearly every family. There is ono high
mhliool, located at lone.
The assessment roll for 1907 isso.
800,793, and the tax rate for both state
and county purposes $2 on tho $100.
The Southern l'acitlo has a branch
railroad running to lone. From this
point the lone and Eastern railroad ex
tends 14 miles further to the mining
sflutlou.
The various religious denominations
anil fraternal organizations are well
I'tiu resented.
The power plant of the Standard
, Electric Co — ouo of the largelt In the
world— UlocuUml four miles from Jack
woo.
Washington Letter.
Washington, March :t, 10OU,
California* wine inrinstry in n
groat nnrl nn important 008, iinrl
thorefoto It BHPms only ii«M. tlmt it
should bo protected by Ihfl govern
ment ngnirjßt .«tuili discrimination n«
la contemplated l.y Die Llttlclleld
hill, forbidding Interstate traflio lv
nlcnlinliu beverngfls. While this
bill would prevent, tho shipment ot
wine from Ciihtumiu viunvanlH into
other states, It* would permit the
iMilrnnci) of forelgu wines Into tbo
Hindi iiiiil territories. Congressmen
Khlhi mid Hayes appeared before the
jutl ii'iiiry committee t<> outer protest
against this feature of tho bill, and
were promised n hearing March (!.
Jt la not tunny yours ngo tlmt, Call
forniiuiH who worn Btiuggling with
the irritation problem found it
necessary to devote much of their
t i iiDi to educating tbe reat of the
country to its advantages. Now the
government is spending miiny mllliouß
of dollars, which tbe publio will
eventually repay, in putting water on
laudM that cnu not be turmoil other
wise. Even tbe Indiana nre to be
altected, for the secretory of the
interior tins recommended that con
gress pnss a Jaw amending the act ot
February 8, 188/, known us tho
"(Jeuernl Allotment Act," giving
80 acres of agricultural or lUO actes
of grazing land to each Indian who
may bo allotted land under that act,
on tbe ground that if irrigated land
be given the quantity is far too much,
and if grazing it in too little. Secre
taty Gartleld advocates that the area
given to euch Indian shall bo from 5
to 40 acres ot irrigable laud, accord
ing to its quality, and not ovor 80
aoi'es' of non-irrigable laud or G4O
acres of grazing Jands.
Kvon before tbe session opened, it
was evident to every one that the cur
rency question was to be cne of tho
main things to occupy t.'.o attention
ofjenngress. Two bills wete intro
duced which, it quickly became, ap
parent, took precedence) iv import
ance over all the otbeis aimed at
correction ot the monetary system of
tbe country. One of these, tbe
Aldnch bill, was introduced in the
senate; the other, the Fowler ; bill,
was introduced in the bouse. These
hnv'o been and still are subjects ot
vigorous debate. Iv the senate,
Flint, of California, has made a
special study ot Unance to know what
course ought to be taken on the sub
ject, and he has watched matters
very closely, although he has not
spoken at any length. In tho house
Uay.-H of California, burned tbe mid
night gas poring over uuthoritios on
banking. He is a member of the
committee on banking and currency,
and he felt a deep interest in the sub
ject, which was enhanced by his legal
and business training. Finally Hayes
got an opportunity to speak on the
floor of the house, and when ho was
through a .number of members came
to him and complimented him ou the
light he bad been able to throw on
what i.s commonly an .ab
struse subject. Mr Hayes condemned
tho bond-secured currency plan of
the Aldrioh bill, and said :
"It is safe to assume that tho
national banks of tho West and South
at least would not , buy these bonds,
and therefore when v panic came the
people of the West and South would
be no better oft' than they would be
without this proposed law. Kpimk
iug for myself, 1 will never vote for
any measure that can [not afford relief
(tiiect to tho people of California,
but will make thorn even more de
pendent upon Wall street and tbe
Now York banks than now. 1 want a
measure that will enable our Cali
fornia bauks to issue their notes or
in some way to help themselves and
the community they serve promptly,
cheaply, and independently of Wall
street or the Now York Ijuiilih.
"Our present bond -secured currency
was brought into being primarily to
make v market for bonds of the
United States at a fictitious price. It
has done just what its creators
thought it would .do. Uecause they
are accepted for circulation the
United States 2 per cunt bonds always
nre at a premium, selling last Decem
ber as high as 111. If tho government
should change its policy ami refuse to
uccept these bonds lor circulation,
they would not tell above 80, and
probably not above G5 or TO. There
is a vague suspicion iv tho miiidn of
some ot us that one of the large
motives behind thn proposition to
allow bauks to issue circulation ou
state, municipal, and railroad bonds
at v tlotitious price. This certainly
would bo tbe result if any consider
able quantity of thorn weie put up
for circulation.
"Think whut it means. The distin
guished uuthor of this bill states iv
his speech lv the senate ou this sub
ject thut there are four billions of
this kind ot bouds in the Uuited
States. Very well, suppose there Hre.
1 think tho number iv larger than
that. Jiut that is his statement. Tfte
Uutted States uoceptu those bouds for
circulation. The bill limits tbe
amount to 9500,000,000. Suppose thut
FRIDAY, MAUCH k;, un)».
half Hint nmount, Sr>(),(XK),<H)O, nre
tnkflfl nnrl nolrl to the banks or loaned
to thorn, mid they takn nut tlioir cir
culation upon thoin. Doel anybody
mipposo that tho price of (hose bondfl
will not rise iv thn inarketY Kvory
ono tlmt Uncle Ham pats his O. K. on
when lie pays It i.s a good bond hy
accepting' It for circulation, will X"
up, say llvo points, In tho market.
It will be nearer ton or twenty
pointH, Jmt like United Htatel bonds.
They go up 'Jo or <10 per cent, i'hey
nhviij-H linvo been higher than they
might tn te, nl urn the first refunding
plan ot the treasury, for l.hn reason 1
havo ah cudy stated. Now, Buppoeo
thoy go up ll vo points. Jbiit menus
adding to thn wealth of the holders
of those bouds 8200,000,0()U. Suppose
thoy go up ten points. That means
ndding SI (X), ()<ii 1, 000 to tbe meu who
own those boiidc. Who do you eup
piisn own them? Not servant alrlß,
uot farmers, not tho business meu of
tho country. Tbo mo^t ot them nre
owned right<ovor there in Wall street.
Johu 1). Hocket'eller is probably tho
largest owner of bonds in the United
wtntos. He owns millions, and pro
bably hundreds of million*, of those
bouds. I know of ono case whore he
wont iuto the market and look tbe
whole of tbe issue of one railroad
company, nmountiug to more than
s;io, ooo.uoo.
"Now, suppose that bo owns five
hundred millions of these bonds, an
increase of 10 per cent menus adding
to his fortune 850,000,0y0. Gentle
men, this scheme is very much easier
than to raise tbe price of oil. It will
produce money vastly faster and
quicker. And tbe mo is true ot
smaller holders of these bonds."
Mr Hayes said he believed in au
asset currency which would enable
tbe bankers in all parts ot the
country to issue currency whenever
necessity might arise, up to perhaps
50 per cent of their capital and on
payment of a graduated tax.
The Desert Traffic.
in those clays ot fast ocean freight
ers, of locomotives, of inter-oceanic
canals, and many other modern con
veniences which tend to add to tbe
speed and efficiency of commerce, it
seems like v peep into ancient history
to read of tbe trans-Sahara traffic —
tho trade across Africa's great desert,
where now, as for many . centuries
past, camels and donkeys are tbe
carriers and the motive power. Tri
poli is tbe nearest point on tbe coast
to the Sudan, t hence it is tbe focal
point for caravans starting in tbe
trans-Sahara trade. These caravans
vary greatly iv sizu, from that of
some nomadic trader, who trudges
bosido bis tew camels, %o the great
trade caravans which sometimes con
sists of as many as 13,000 camols, not
to mention the dogs, donkeys, gnats
and horses. It takes a year or more
to outfit one of these large caravans,
i.'bousands of dollars are invested by
Arab and Jewish merchants, and tbe
meu uud animal must be carefully
selected, its numerical strength is
iucreused by the leaders ot smalloi
caravans, who believe in tbe safety of
numbers, and delay their departure
for months. Moving south from Tri
poli, tbe caravan must oover iv tbe
neighborhood ot 1,500 miles of torrid
desert before it roaches ono of tbe
important markets ot the Sudan —
iiornu, Wadai, Kuka or Kauo. After
many stops, and some losses tbe car
avan reaches its destination, where
its cargo, consisting mostly of silks,
raw silk, cotton goods and glass and
amber beads, is exchanged for tbe
products of the Sudan: skins, ivory,
ostrich feathers, guinea corn and
gold dust. A year, perhaps, utter its
nrrivul, it begins tbe return trip, with
a cut-go worth possibly a million
dollars. Tho meu who conduct these
curavuus bave neither horses nor
tents. Most of them walk the eutiro
distance, though sometimes one
mounts v lightly burdened camel, if
one such, is to bo found in tho outfit.
The life of thoso men is full of dan
ger and hardship, and tbe pay is
small. Added to this is tbo endless
monotony of heat and saud. The lite
of our early day freighters across tbe
plains, while marked by its share ot
dangers and hardships, was iv every
way preferable to the career of theso
desert carriers.
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that
contain Mercury »
us mercury will surely destroy tho sense
of smell uud complotoly derange tho
whole system when entering It through
tho raucous hi rtucoa. Such article*
should never I c used except on pre
scriptions from reputable physicians, v*
tlio damage they will do is ton-fold to
the good you can possibly derive from
thorn. Hall's Catarrh Curo, nuiiiufuc
turod by P. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo
0., contains no mercury, and Is taken
Internally, acting directly upon the
blood and mucous surfaces of the .sys
tem, in buying Hall's Catarrh Cure
he sure you get tho genuine. It' is
taken intoi'iiully, and made In Toledo,
Ohio, by P. J. Cheney & Co. Testi
■annuls free.
Sold by Druggists, price 75c per
bottle.
Hall's Family Tills are tho bout.
Farmers, mechanics, railroaders,
laborers rely ou Or, Thomas' Koloo
tric Oil. 't'ukes thn st'uu, out of out*,
burns or bruises at once. I'aiu cun
not stay where it is used.
ki On every home table there may be served every day a plate of pure, ||
h healthful, delicious hot-biscuits by following the "CLEVELAND" Cook. ||
| There is no economy in saving a few cents by using Alum Baking j||
H' Powders. The cheap alum baking powders work sure injury to the health. ||
H Enjoy the purest of home cooking by using pi
I . . SUPERIOR §
| Made from a Superior grade of Pure Cream of Tartar; if
Maiden Insurance.
Tho Maiden Insurance company is a
singular Denmark Institution. It Is
confined to the nobility, and the noble*
man, as soon as a female child Is born
to him, enrolls her name on the com
pany's books and pays lv a certain
sum and thereafter a fixed annual
amount to the treasury. When the
young ghi has reached the age of
twenty-one she Is entitled to a fixed
Income and to au elegant suit of apart
ments, and this Income and this resi
dence, both almost princely, are hers
until she either marries or dies. The
society has existed for generations. It
has always prospered. Thanks to It,
poverty stricken old maids are uu
known among the Denmark nobility,
but every maiden lady Is rich and
happy.
Not Responsible.
"Hold on," said the learned chemist.
"Didn't I give you a bottle of my won
derful tonic that would make you look
twenty years younger? 1 '
"You did," replied the patient, "and
I took It all. I was thou thirty-nine,
and now I am only nineteen."
"Well, then, will you please settle
this bill you owe me for the treat
ment?"
"Oh, no! As I am only nineteen now,
I am a minor, and minors are not held
responsible for the bills they incur.
Good day, slr."-lUustrated Bits.
A Cruel Inscription.
A tombstone unearthed during the
demolition of the old churchyard of
Radnorshire bore n curiously unloving
"In Memorlam." Hero it is:
I plant the.se shruba upon your grave.
dear wife,
That something on this spot may boaßt
of life.
Shrubs may wither and ail earth must
rot;
Shrubs) may revivo, but you, thank
heaven, will not.
The Cheaper Way.
"Do you know, hubby, that when 1
go to Osteml I shall dream of you
every night?"
"If It's nil tbe same to you, I would
prefer to have you stay with me and
(ream of Osteml."— Kllegcnde Blatter.
Why Ho Looked.
Hojuck— Why me you consulting tho
dictionary? I thought you knew how
to epell. Tomdlk- I do. I am not look
lag for information, but for corrobora
tlon.-Loiidou Ttt-Uits.
Philosophy Is nothing but discretion.
-Selden.
Tangled Bank Accounts.
"It Is remarkable," said an old bank
•enptojee, "how few people keep their
bank accounts absolutely correct. At
ordinary times this fulling Is not con
spicuous, because books arc usually
balanced when there in still a credit
to the depositor's- account When tho
balanced book Is received with tho
Touchers the usual discrepancy is
found after much labor Iv on omitted
entry, either deposit or chock or In this
form of au error In addition or sub
traction. Tho thing Is usually nettled
at homo without our help. Hut when
a lot of women go to a bank, each
one with a cheek already made out
representing her balance, then look
oat. Fortunately I have bad no ex
perleuco In that way, but I know that
not one woman lv ten— and I am char
itable with the figure— keeps her book
correctly, and many women keep uo
record at all. We have one depositor
who used to receive an overdraft no
tice regularly every month. Now, by
an arrangement with her, we give her
notice when the bulanco neurs tho $100
mark. Men laugh at tbo women for
their failure to keep their bank ac
counts right, but except when a book
keeper does the work for them the meu
are uearly us bud."— New York Trib
une.
Like Marrying a Title.
Old Auntie Mandy, who did the wann
ing, wns such a happy, brave old soul
that, although she worked very hard
early and late and must often have
been weary, nothing could depress her.
In everything that occurred she saw
only "good luck" for herself. O*e day
she brought home the washing In n
high state of glee.
"Jos' think, Mis' Arnold," she said.
"I's goln* ter git married. Isn't dat
Jes' tine luck fo' poor, old black woman
like me?"
"I shall l»e very sorry to lose you,
Mandy," snkl Mrs. Arnold, "but I'm
Kind If your life will be easier."
"Lose me!" gasped Mandy. "Lor"!
Mis' Arnold, I can't afford to let you
lose me jes' now. Why, I's coin' ter
marry Brer Johnson an' his live chll
lun. I's got ter hustle now, fur Bar
tin."
"But I fall to see where your good
luck Is coining lv from such a mar
riage, Mandy."
"Why, chile, if I marry dat man an'
his chillun he's promised me six mo'
big washes his fust wife done hnd!
Dats clar luck, Mis' Arnold, clur luck,
'sides habin' do honor ob nmrryln' In
Brer Johnson's famblyl"— Philadelphia
Ledger.
When Goethe. Dictated.
In Wllhelm Kode's "Studies With
Goethe" an interesting chapter Is made
up from the recollections of his last
secretary, Christian Schucliardt. Of
Goethe's method when he dictated
"Wilhehn Meister" Schuchnrdt says:
"lie dictated with a certainty and ra
pidity which mnde one fancy that he
was reading from a printed book. If
this hnd been done In quiet and with
out Interruption, I would not have
marveled so much. But while the
work was proceeding there came the
barber, the hairdresser— Goethe had his
hair singed every other day and had It
dressed dally— tho library servant, of
ten the former secretary, his clerk, all
of whom had access to his study unan
nounced. Friends called, the barber
gossiped, the librarian told about hooks
newly received, some member of the
family would enter and join in the con
versation, and finally, when all wns
again quiet. I would read the last
sentence, and the dictation would pro
ceed as though there had been no in
terruption.
Origin of Right Handedness.
According to one k°o<l authority, Pr.
Cunningham of London, right handed
ness is of Kri'iU antiquity and was at
tained In th«» ordinary evolution of man
by natural uelectlon. But the condition
docs not reside In the right arm Itself,
for all the evidence goes to chow that
It Is due to functional pre-eminence on
the loft slil.- of the brain. This su
periority of tho left brain rests upon
Home structural foundation, the origin
of which is not explained, but which
Is transmitted from parent to offspring.
Left handednei* U due to the trans
ference of this structural peculiarity
from the left to the right side of the
brain or, more probably, to a transi>o
sltlon of the cerebral hemispheres, like
tlmt which KometlineH occurs In the
thoracic and abdominal viscera.
Mo Dodged.
#I So llorroußhs owes you money?
Well, I tlilnk he'll pay you back some
day, hut you can't make him hurry."
"Don't you believe It. The mere
Eight of mo walking along the titreet
has made him hurry several times
lately."— Philadelphia I'ress.
The Sniffling Britisher.
The cold, self contained ltrltlnhcr la
mostly a dreadful tlctlon, and lv tsltuu
tloim that hi'i'in to him at all emotional
he grows uh hiilUlv wecpful us any inut
tnee tnttw. — Sydney (N. s. W.) Bulletin.
Land and Mineral Decisions.
Reported hy Woodford D. Harlan. T.iand Attor
ney, Washington. D. C.
Mining Claim— A citizen of tbe
Uuited States acting in tho interest
of a foreign corporation cannot make
v mineral entry for the benefit of
such corporation.
Practice- Objections to the alleged
want of regularity in tbe proceedings
before tho local otUce come too late
for consideration when raised for tbe
first time ou appeal to the depart
ment.
Public land accretions— The depart
ment has no jurisdiction over lands
formed by accretion to a tract to
which the government has no title.
Keliuquishment— 'lakes effect when
it is Hied iv tbe local office, and
operates co iustunti to release tbe
land from tbe effect of the entry.
tteservations - Reservations for
public school purposes in Alaska,
may be properly mnde by the govern
ment in the absence of express statu
tory authority.
Kesideuce— Residence is neither
acquired nor maintained without in
habitancy of the land, either actual
or constructive, and that to the ex
clusion of a home elsewhere.
Hight ot way— The right of way
privileges granted by the Act of
March S, 1875 are limited to railroad
companies organized as common
carriers for the benefit ot the general
public.
Human Color.
Caucasian babies, negro babies,
Indian babies and Mongolian babies
all have the same color in the earlier
hours ot their lives. Observing
doctors say they] vary from reddish
pink to a nutbrown red, the latter
being noticeable iv the newly-arrived
infant whom nature bud eventually
intended to be black, or in color
different from white. Albinos are
tint only exception. They are born
with the same pasty, milky hue, tbe
same colorless eyes that distinguish
them through life.
The negro child begins to take on
some of its true color within a tew
days after birth, passing first from
its original tint to aslutey-gray hue,
nfter which the black begins to de
velop. Tho color does not become a
fast one tor some time, climate and
various other factors contributing to
the chuuge.
All Caucasians are uot of the came
color, a fact which is duo to the ex
cessive development of the pigment
cells in some and their meager de
velopment iv others.
Individuals change their complex
ion, too, changes which may be more
frequently noted in tbe eyes than
elsewhere. Age, climate, fright and
disease may any or all bring about a
change iv the color with which a per
son started out iv life, after his tlitit
pigmentutiou had been uocomplißhed.
The leopard boy one sees in thu
museum Home times, and the Albino
are the retiult of uudor-pigmeutatloit,
or the failure of the pigment sources
to properly perform their functions.
lv old au»« the Caucasiau fades
away, just us a long-used piece of
tubric does. Thu negro ul-o becomes
of it lighter bliimlo as years go on atter
the has paired a certain Hge.
Lodger and Chicago Weekly inter
Ocean, both papers for ono year, i'2M
In advance.
34
Ledger Roll of Honor.
Tho following 1 mims have been re
ceived n« subscriptions to the Ledger
during the past month . This neknow
ledgment la equal to a receipt for tho
Bums named. If any have paid whose
names do not appear on thi* Hat, they
will oblige by promptly notifying thla
office:
A T Horat • $'2.00 A (luilAnl • 2 .",()
F A Morrow - 1 00 Ople Harper 2 00
11 A Minnalan 200 11 Wilson • 125
H F Tnylor ■ 250 J I'orrl • 250
A Ludekena • 3 2T> .1 U .tnnspiis • 1 2*i
Cbna Corln • 1 00 Mrs Mettler - 250
W O Clark - 200 Mrs H Aluzzey 2 t>o
A Holomonson 250 Il'I 1 ' llammack - 450
(Joo Troynn • 2 50 John Conking 2 50
V. Putnam • 200 L I'erlanda • 250
Frank t'odesta2 50 I) Cinuuini • 200
Mrs I'rothero 075 VV V Koeney 2 5(»
O WSheppnrd 2 00 X AGaribaldi ft OU
A I'etrlnovioh 750 IS F Allen - 100
W M Amiok 500 \Vm Nichola 250
X L Love - .2 50 X L I'urter • 800
iMra MClnry 2 (X) Mra Cunier - 125
LoronzoMnrreS 00 11 Urelioh • 200
J VV .loses • 450 Cbaa lloro • 250
T J HlgbtowerS 50 I) li l'urdoo • S) GO
W Tara - 2 00 J F Mazzorn - 2 50
S(i Hpagnoll 250 U X Uroese - 800
iMrsThompßOU 273 lieoKlliM • 2 (Mi
A Dal l'ortn • 5 00 VV II Ulukeley2 00
O Mntulicb - II 10 Kb Urown - 10 00
•Steve Angove 2 50 Steve Leoni • 4 37
C J l J eters - 375 E J Diobold -2 00
M Brinu - 250 M Siimpson - 0 30
Mrs Dovan -« 00 W V Uetert 450
AX < imvor - 400 Mra Stnsal • 200
F 8 McCnlloh 250 U W Luce • 200
H T Tripp - 10 00 WSOooledge 750
J C Knder - 2 50 O A Urtttou 5 OU
ChichizolßEHt.2 50 ClnudeWilsoD2 50
kl C Voorhels 10 00 W H Sharp 250
It C Downs 500 8 A Werley 10 00
A Mulatesta li 75 E C ISrown 2 (X)
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
Adventure With. a
Grizzly Bear in 1850.
(From our Aukum Correspondent. )
March B.— in the spring of 1850,
fourteen men had constructed a Jong
log house on a little level bar on the
north fork of the Cosumnes river,
which is now known as Jiuck's bar,
where the road now crosses the river
leading from the Somerset house in
El Dorado county, and on to Dia
mond Springs, Flaoerville and other
minor points.
The house had been built etroug as
a sort of fortress, as a protection
against the Indians, who at that time
were treacherous and hostile. The
little army of pioneers had among
them an old brass pistol, that tbey
bad deoided to use as a signal gun.
It was understood that the pistol
should be left loaded and ready tor
action. In case ot danger the first
to get to the house was to fire the
pistol, signaling the others to come
to the tort immediately. The lato
John Hariell of Sbeuandoah, was one
among the fouiteeu that occupied the
fort. The sun had risen from behind
the blue range of mountains ot the
east, and had burst thtough every
crevice and through the dark avenues
of shaded retreat along the rocky
sides of the liver. Two men, iiairoll
und a man by the name of John Ar
water, had started up the river. It
wus Sunday morniug and the two
were ou a tramp of adventure. Tbey
'bad baioly reached the place where
the Somoiset liouse now stands, and
which has since been built, when the
two heard the reverberating report of
the signal gun at the fort. They
turned on their heels like a top, and
ran like a deer for the fort. VVhon
tbey got there tbey found their part
ners iv a ripple of excitement. One
of the crowd, a man by the name of
Wni. Wyatt. stood iv the center of tho
crowd with his long Kentucky rifle
in his hand, butleas and breathless by
relating his morning adventure with
a grizzly bear. lie bad run from the
top of the huge mountain to thu west
overlooking Uuck'a bar. He declared
he hud been attacked by a huge
grizzly and had shot it, and it had in
its fury chased him down the moun
tain side. When liarrell arrived he
suggested the ideu of going in solid
•force and tracking the man and grizz
ly back to its lair. Accordingly they
all marched out iv line and up to
ward the top of the mountain, where
the jutting rugged cliff stood out
sheer and perciptous. ihey had
reached near where Wyutt said he bad
shot the bear. His tracks hud shown
his way down the side hill as he fled
from the beur, but no sign of the
bear's tracks were to be found follow
ing him. Wyatt was a blustering sort
of a man, who bad declared he was
afraid of no grizzly in the wilds of
California. lie had been scured, and
badly scared by the bear, so much so
he imagined it hud really chased
him. "Might there boys", he suid,
"1 shot the heur." A huge sholviug
rook wus before them. Mot a sign
of life oould be seen. Uuo muu
climbed up v uuiull troo to see if he
could see the giiz/.ly, but failing he
got down. The party theu concluded
to march up in solid phuluux. The
fourteen men cocked their muzzle
loaded ritlus, ami inurched in body
up to where they could see under the
Bhelviug rock, l'hey suw the grizzly,
lying outstretched upon the ground.
They threw v rock which struck it
uud bounded off but it didu't move.
They wout up close uud kuw the blood
upon her paw. Shu wus bluue duud.
Tim muu bad shot her in t tit* mouth
uh aim uroso out of hur bed to light
Im. She never moved out of her
trucks. The bullet passed through
her mouth nnd broke her neck killing
her instantly.
It was a she grizzly and had two
Cuba about thn size of a common
house cat. The party took the cubs
up in their arms and carried them
awny. They kept them tor three
months nnd sold thorn to a butcher nt
Union Town for S2OU. Ulddy Dink.
JACKSON VALLEY.
March 10.— Mr and .Mrs Joe Kidd
speut Sunday with her mother, Mrs
N. Foster, of Julian district.
Alice Diobold spent Sunday with
Alias Grace liarnett, at her home near
lone.
Mrs C. C. Prouty, who has been
visiting relative* in the vnlloy for the
past two weeks, has now returned to
her homo nt Waterloo.
Mrs 10. D. Whipple of Clements, is
staying with her mother, Mrs Lucy
Shelbourn.
Miss Elsie Luttrell of Pino (trove,
is visiting her aunt, Mrs A. C. Miner.
Vance Lucas, who is working for
the Kidd llros., spent Sunday with
his mother, Mrs J. .Lucas, at Julian
district.
Guy Nioholp, who has been working
for E. J. Diobold the past tew weeks,
spent Sunday with his father, D.
Nichols, at ilueuii Vista.
Eugeuo Miner spent a few days of
last week visiting friends and re
latives in Clements nnd Liockford.
Mr and Mrs Sam Kidd, with sons,
Lloyd aud Mervin, spent Suuduy
with Miss Peurl llamiick at iiueua
Vista.
J. W. Hyde of Sacramento, is
spending a few days with A. C.
Miner.
Fred Miner of Wallace, was in tho
valley Thursday on business. The
farmers of Jackson valley are all very
busy engaged in sowing their alfalfa.
Know-it-all.
Reoeipt books, location blanks, deeds
mortgages, promissory notes, etc.,
for sale; also mining signals on
cloth, graduation diplomas, at the
Ledger offce.
lONK
March 12.— Mrs 11. Heffren depart
ed Sunday for Sacramento, where she
will viHit her son, who is employed
in that oity.
Miss Ursula Adams is visiting with
her aunt in Keno, Nevada.
Miss Kuby Shealor went to Oleta
the first of the week, for a visit with
her mother.
Horace Francisco of Sheldon, was a
visitor in town Tuesday.
Mr Franswortb, formerly a resident
of lone, was shaking hands with old
friends here Wednesday.
Cecil Wheeler went to Oakland the
first of the week, on account of the
illness of iiiu sister.
Mrs Frank Sequin is in San Jose
with her daughter, who is quite sick.
Miss Julia Meiss, who hus been
visiting in Oakland, returned home
Weduesduy.
Ueoige Yager departed this morn
ing for Los Angeles, to attend the
funeral of his brother.
Miss Irene Uoone of San Francisco,
is visiting friends in this vicinity.
• Miss Ethel Prouty went to Traoy
this morning for a visit with re
latives, lonoile.
SUTTEK CHEEK.
March 12.— John K. Treßloan ot
Amador City, was a visitor in Suttor
Creek last (Saturday.
Harry Eplett went to Sacramento
Saturday on business interests
Mra Julia Harlau was called to
■Sacramento Saturday morning, her
brother being seriously ill ut that
place.
Mrs James Kerfoot retuinod from
SSacrameuto Saturday, where she has
been visiting relatives and friends tor
a short time.
Mr Klli.s and neice, Miss Ellin, of
Bueua Vitita, were in tiutter Creek
Wunday,
Mr and Mrs John Ijithgow left for
Keno, Nevada, Tuesday morning,
whore they will remain indefinitely.
11. VV. Wood, one time editor ot tho
Amndor Hecord, but now an attorney
of Hun Kruucißco, came up Saturday
evening on business, returning the
following morning.
Joseph A, MimiHian and bride re
turned from their bridal trip .Sunday
evening, and late in the evening tho
baud boys put in an appearance, uud
tendered them a serenade, which was
pleasingly accepted by Mr and Mrs
Minasiun, the compliment being duly
acknowledged in the usual way, which
made the boys happy as well.
Judge liose waa a passenger Monday
morning for San Kiauoisoo.
Mr and Mrs liictiurda of Sutler
Creek, had their two children Lap
tised last Sunday by Key. E. U.
linin, tind after baptism au elaborate
dinner iv six coureeu was served to
the friends iv their nice home.
Get Registered. ♦
It should be romenibercd that noxt
Weduesduy ib the last day of registra
tion to entitle a inuu to vote at the
forthcoming city election. Of course,
this upplies to those who are not on
the lust printed great register, nor on
the now register. In other words, it
applies to new voters. Those who aru
ou the printed register of I'JOU do not
have to lugister aiiew iv order to vote
ut the city election, hh that register
will be iv ii.-t! at the polls. lint it
is weil to remember that all must re
register in order to vote at the
ueuoral election in November, Ke
puhlicuus should beur iv mind 'that
they iiiubt get ou the register in
April, uud ut the time of registering
decluro their party ullegiuucu, other
wise they will he burred from taking
part in thn primary election in May
for delogutes to the slain convention.
We see little Die iv xueh a law, but
ho the lawmakers havo provided, uud
hence it must bo complied with to
rutuiu (lartitiuu privileges.
LuUffoi- & Chicago I nter-Ucean, BU.OO
ly/^Mfl XUDOmt' 'JACKSON. CAT,IFmtJNI7»,
A.sk Your
Qwn Doctor
If he tclis you to take Ayer's
Cherry Pectoral for your
severe cough or bronchial
trouble, then take it. If he has
anything better, then take that.
We have great confidence in
this medicine. So will you,
when you once know it.
Tho bost ):lnd of a testimonial—
"Bold lor over clxty' yeart."
A Ha£o by J, C. A;er Go., T,o-xi»11, Mstg.
. >ffl Alto mimiifiijturero or
JLJn 9 SARSAFAKILLA.
/ n VE/PIPQ |I|as -
4& JAi»KJ%/S O IIMK VICCR.
Wo lirvo no soricts! Wo pabJUSI
tho formula)! iilai! c«r mcuieUicj.
Koop the bowels rpen with orio oi
Ayors Pills nt Si"vJte'V I"** "" r .
The City Election.
Candidates for city ofHcos are
scarce: except the position of marshal
for which four or five numes huvo
boon mentioned. Tom ijcmiii is o
candidate, nlao Frank Simguiuotti nud
Jery Podestu huvo been mentioned.
CJ. M. 11 liberty is a candidate to suc
ceed liiniHiili.
For trustees no ono seems disposed
to apply for theee thankless offices.
It is reported that eltorta bnve been
made to got candidates, but so far
without much headway.
Li. J. (ilavinnvich has just informed
us that he is not a candidate for the
position of city clerk. Sevurul
names huvo been mentioned lv
connection with the o'flice, but as
yet no one has come right out au said
that he is a candidate for tho olilce.
It seem? to be in order that what
ever candidates ure placed on the
printed ballot, must get there by
petition. After to-morrow, it will be
two late to nominate by convention
or mass meeting, as such nominations
must be certified to the clerk not less
than thirty days before the eletion.
To get a place on the ballot by
petition requires that the nomination
must be certified, not less than
twenty days before the election.
The petition must contain the
names of at least three per cent of
the total number of votes cast a* the
last city electiou. The number of
votes polled iv 1906 was 257; so that
at least 9 names would be necessary
for a nomination in this way.
BORN.
MONDANA. —lu Jackson, March 6,
1908, to the wife of Vic Mondnna,
a sou. '
SEKUL.— In Mutter Creek, March 9,
1908, to the wife of I'homas Sekul, a
daughter.
MARRIED.
CAL.ANDKi-CAVALL.EKO.— In Jack-
eon, Feb. 28, 1908, by Justice Alfred
Ijoldnor, (ieorj/e Cnluudri aud Hilda
V. Cavullero, both ot Dry town.
DAVIS-SBYMOUK. — In Jackson,
March 11, 1908, by Rev. Thus. 11.
Nicholas, William IJ.1 J . Oavis nud
California M. Seymour, both of
Jackson.
FOfFEANO-UOKO. —in Stockton,
March 3, 1908, ut St. Mary's
church, John Foppeuno of Snu
Francisco, aud Mary Horo of New
Chicago.
DIED.
FKL.LiOW.-ln Jaoksou, March 10,
1908, William Tallow, a native of
Kngland, aged 09 years.
AKIJITTO. —In Amador Cjty, iMarc'li
11, 1908, Jumea Arditto, a native of
Italy, aged 72 years.
CASKAS. — At Defender, March <!,
1908, Sylvester Caaoua, Bged :JByeius.
Communication-
Oleta, Murob 9, I'JUS.
Kditor of the Lodger:— l'bo farmers
aru not well pleased with the informa
tion that Mr Voorheis is going to let
loose Hungarian partridges. We 'Jo
not want any more crop-eaters out
here titan we have now. so we object.
1 was glud to see that you are still
puyiug attention to business. 1 huve
been watching the various rises of
the court house janitor, and what v
difference there is between the pay
he gets and the man that holds the
plow. If a common laborer should
usk of some employers 870 a mouth,
what a cry would go up.
We have belore us yet the justices'
aud constables' outrage In thin county,
about one of the woiat. •■ The cou
stubles go awuy round now instead of
trying to muke ariests.
We are glud your ure paying atten
tion to the intniuHt.H of the tax payers.
The other chun does not have his
bills cut down; he is sailing with the
I ma i (I.
I'he PteatOQ school wants some
overhauling. Subscriber.
Broken Ley.
I'oto Kbdouvioh, who lives at I'oto
Uhvlod'h liDiinliiiK hougu, hud hit)
left Itifl broken near the anklii iaut
Hiindiiy Ht tho Heuuedy tnitio by a
car running Into him. Ho wua taken
to Suvich'H and Dr. UaU wuh cullnd
to ut ti'tid to him.
It hi'chih he whs rldiiiK on one of the
rook care in the underground worbg,
operated by mule juiwi-r. It ll Deoei.
HHiy in doiiiK this to keop tho h«ad
low in order to uvoid coining in oou<
tact with the root. l''rom onrolesd
ih's.-> the victim failed to 'reiueinlmr
thin, uud ho wiitj (craped olf thu Jtrur
by Htrikuifj thu roof, iln OBine in
(•diiliirl with llin movitifj cur resilltiuß
lv it dllluoatlou of the left foot uud
thu iructure o( viii! of the bouun.
OOCUMENTB RECORDED.
|Thi! following Insinimcmi bnvn beffl (lied
tor rnconl In ton rncorder'K onion Rlnce our Inst
ri'i'ort. Wn puMUh n complete llxt of doon
mrntit recorded, And muitt decline to nccedn to
iiny request to nnppresH An; document from
Ihfsn columns. Don't »»k UK to do no
Deeds.— Kttn C and Ernest l'loker-
Ing to (leorge liloom, 80 acres in 'J'2-7
11, 810. ' .:;; ?
Iliiltie L, and John hi. Kelly to
Kate and Fredriok Yager, land near
lone, and <io acres, more or less in
lU-0-10, «10.
A. E, Williams to A. I). Mclaugh
lin, 120 ncroa in 11-7-12, and 40 acres
In 14-7-12, lens 'X\ acres deeded to
Johnson Gold Crave! Mining Co.,
$50.
Louis Smith to Lottie C. Smith,
lots I), .Va, 0 and 15 block I), lots 4
nnd 5 block H, lot (! block V, nnd lot
6 block 10, town of Oleta, 40 acres iv
H4-8-11, thirty head of cattle, six
horsea and two wagouH, 810.
Harriot l'ardoo to i). IJ. Pardoo, nil
ot :io-9-i(i. - •
John Mnldoon to llernhaid Hum
mer, lot (i block «!, lone, flO. • '
Hoconveyanco.— Uoorge Yegor nud
Jncob Suriace, trustees to F. Seguln
nt ux. ,
Mortguges — Charlotte Kamuzzotti to
Lorenzo Marre, portion ot Jot 2 block
18, Suiter Creek, and portion of lot
18 block 10 Stittor Creek, to secure
note for 81000, oue year with inter
est nt 8 per cent.
Pacific Has and Electric Company
to Union Tiust Co of Sun I'rauoisco,
securing tho unifying and refunding
mortguge 5 per cent thirty year gold
botids of the California Uus aud lOlec
trio Corporation.
California (Jas aud Electric Cor
poration to Union Trust Co. of San
I'l'iiucisco securing unifying aud re
funding mortgage of 815,000,000.
Assignment of Mortgage— Hauey to
Chickwood!
Agreement. — Luella and W. W.
Stewart with John J. Ctammer, for
£1000 to be paid within one year they
agree to deed to the latter the Stewart
ranch containing 80 acres iv 32-7-12.
Decree of Distribution. --Estate of
Joseph A. .Williams, all of residue of
estate distributed to A. E. Williams,
son and only heir of deceased, con
sisting of 120 acres in 11-7-12, and 40
actes in 14-7-12, less 33 acres deeded
to Johnson Gold (Jravel Mining Co.
Bean tho >; Tho Kind You Have Always Bought
Blgnatnie /^* , j£/ftf •/-#-'*
Republican Harmony
in Missouri
The full numbers, earnest interest
and business-like direotuoss of the
republican state convention that met
in St. Louis this week were remarked
by all who caw it engaged iv the work
that brought it together. Such slight
differences us appeurod were of v per
sonnl or local nutuie, and not a
matter of party principle or policy.
Those small disagreements vanish
when the great republican army of tho
stain nets us a whole. lieftinuing
with an ostracised little baud iv 18(10,
the republicans ot Missouri have
grown steadily in numbers, until, as
they have good reason to beliove.
they are in the majority. They have
advanced steadily und rapidly. Their
ratio of gain is decidedly larger than
that of uny other party.— Ulobo Dem
ocrat.
"Doari's Ointment cured mo nf
eczema that bud annoyed me v long
time. The euro was permanent." —
Hou. S. VV. Matthews, commissioner
labor etutistics, Augusta, Ma.
A Woman's Back
Has many aches and pains caused b>
weaknesses and falling, or other displace-
ment, of the pelvic organs. Other symp-
toms of female weakness are frequent
headache, dizziness, Imaginary specks or
dark spots floating before the eyes, gnaw-
ing sensation in stomach, dragging or
bearing down in iowcr abdominal or pelvic
region, disagrceablo drains from pelvic
organs, faint spoils with general weakness.
If any considerable number of tho above
symptoms are present there is no remedy
that wlHj?l vo quicker relief or a more per-
maaent qH*m than Dr. Plerce's Favorite
Pre!oifc>t?(>s*SJt has a record of over forty
years of curbA It Is the, most potent
Invigorating tP'^l 1 * qp'l stynngthonlny ner-
vine known to mcdlcalgcjencoJ It Is made
of liie glyceric extracts of native medici-
nal roots found in our forests and con-
tains not a drop of alcohol or harmful, or
habit-forming drug*. . Its ingredients uro
all printed on the bottle-wrappur and at-
tested under oath as correct.
Every ingredient entering Into "Fa-
vorite Prescription" has the written en-
dorsement of tho most eminent medical
writers of all tho several schools of prac-
tice— more valuable than any amount of
non-professional testimonials— though tho
latter ure not lucking, having been con-
tributed voluntarily by grateful patients
In numbers to exceed tho endorsements
given to any other medicine extant for
the cure of woman's Ills.
You cannot afford to accept any roediclno
of unknown composition as a substitute
for this well proven remedy op known
composition 1 , oven though tho dealer may
make a little moro profit thereby. Your
interest In regaining health is paramount
to any selfish Interest »/ his und it is uu
Insult to your Intelligence f for him to try
to puhu <>!T upon you a substitute. You
know what you want und it is Ins busi-
ness to supply tho article called for.
Dr. Plerce's I'leusant Pellets aro the
original "Little Liver Pills" lh-st put up
b7 old Dr. Pierco over forty years ago,
much Imitated but never equated, Lltt'o
tuunr-coated. granules-eauy to tako a* 1
cmidv.
w I brand BB^umPMt
Notice to Creditors.
In tho superior court of the county
of Amador, state of California.
Estate of I'atrick McCormnck, de-
censed.
Notice is hereby given by the
undersigned, udmiuislnitrix ot tho
estate of Patrick McCormnck, tie
ceased, to the creditors ot aud all
perponu hnving claims against the
snid deceased, to exhibit them, with
the necossnry vouchers, within four
mouths after tho find, publication of
this notice to tho said administratrix
ut tho oUioe of Wm. (J. Suydor, iu
the city uf Jackson, oouuty of Ama-
dor, state of California, tho sume be-
ing the place for the trnnsnetion of
the business ot said estate, in said
county of Amador.
Dnted, February '29, 1908.
ELLA ADAMS,
AdminiHtrntrix of the estate of
Patrick McCormnck, deceased.
Wm. Ui Snyder.
Attorney for administratrix. niniG
Delinquent Sale Notice
South Eureka Mining Company.
Location of principal place of busi-
ness, San I'ranoisoo, California.
Location of Works, Sutler Creek,
Amador county, California.
Notioe:— There nre delinquent upon
the following described, stock, ou
account ot assessment (Number 56)
levied on the 3rd day of February,
1908, the several amounts set opposite
the uames of the respective share
holders as follows :
No. No.
Name. CJort. Shares Am't.
Dennis, Jackson C92 20 8 .50
Kuxon, Klizabeth 315 200 5.00
Howard, Helen U 3H7 100 2.50
Howard, Helen L. 41J4 H"«J3 83.U2)^
Howard, Helen L. 435 1567 39 17)4
Howard, Helen L. 45!) 120 3.00
Lynch, K V. USO 1010 25.00
McGee. Wm. J. 227 125 3.12^
Kalph, James, tr. 1071 500 12.50
Sinram, Frank C 1065 400 10.00
Snelliug, James 1043 1000 25.00
Turner, W. U. 1030 '500 12.50
And in accordance with law aud an
order of the Hoard ot Directors,
made on the 3rd day of February,
19U8, so many shares of euch parcel
of such slock as n;ay be neceHsnry
will le sold at public auction at the
office of said Company, being Koom
82-1 Merchants iiixchango Building,
situate ou the southerly side of Cal-
ifornia street, between Montgomery
and Sunsome streets, Sun Francisco,
California, ou Wednesday, the 25th
duy of March, VtWi, at the hour of
eleven o'cloo|j in the forenoon of
such day, to pay said delinquent
assessment thereon, together with
coses of advertising und expenses of
tho salt 1 .
L. W. I'KYOK,
Secretary of South Eureka Mining
Com puny.
Otllee of snid company, Koom 824
.Merchants Exchange Uuildiug Sun
Friiucisco, California.
Summons.
lu thn Superior Court pf the ctnte
of California, in and for Amador
county.
AdHuido Laity plalutltf vs. Jnmos
J. Luily defendiiut.
Action broiiKbt in the superior
court of the stuto of California, in
and for Amudor county, and the
complaint iilud iu the oillco of the
clerk of said Annul or county.
'i'ho people of tho state of Cali-
fornia send livcotiua to James J. i.aily
defendant,
You arc hereby directed to appear
and answer tho complaint iu an
action entitled 'as above, brought
against you iu the superior court of
tho state of California, iu uud for
Amador county, within ten duys
utter the service ou you of this sum-
mouH — it served within this county;
or within thirty days if served else-
where.
And you are hereby notified thnt,
unless the defendant so appears and
answers, the plaintiff will tuko judg-
ment for any money or damages de-
manded in the complaint as arising
upon contruct, or will apply to the
court for auy other relief demanded
in the complaint.
Ciiveu under my hand and tho seal
of the superior court of the state of
California, iu nud for Amudor county,
this 17th day of January A. U. 1908.
(seal) J. H, UUHhUm', Clerk.
Wm. (J. Unyder,
Attorney tor pluintilf.
Not'ce for Publication. 285
Pei'tiiimcnt of the Interior, land
ofllco at tiaoruuiento, California, Fob.
21, 1!)U8.
Notice ia hon-hy nivcn thnt Charles
11. Currier, ot Plymouth, (Jullfornia,
haa lUcil notice ot his intention to
make filial five year proof in support
of his claim, VIZ! liomoettrnd Kntry
No. 70f>!) made April 18, I'.lOl, for the
K ,'.j of H W ?4 ami lots IS and 4, sec-
tion 7, township 8 N., riiiiKn 11 E.,
M. 1). Mm und that miid proof will bu
iiuidii hi'J'orn tho It UH later und Ke-
colvor ut U. S. Ijhihl OIIIch In Kucru-
iiionto, on Tuesday. April 7, VMS.
Ho mimou Urn fullCiwiuK wilnttn.-ics
to provi* liis ooutiuuoua rußldunoe
upon, and cultivat urn of, thu lit ii 1 1 ,
viz:
(Jeorse A. Uptun, Jacob Uhlingur,
Kuhi'ii 1. Upton ti ii ci (itun'j.'ii linli'tii'i
of l'lyniiiiith, Culit.
JOHN 1-. AHMBTUOStl.' register.
Not coal luud. feb "J8
Notice to Creditors.
Kfttate of O. /imziirci, deceased.
Notice ia hereby Rifnu by the
undetfllßned administrator of the
estate of O. Zanzuecl, deceased, to
the creditor* of and all persons Imv-
ing claims againat tho paid deceased,
to exhibit them, with the neoesflnry
voucher*, within four mouths after
the flrnt publication of tliia notice to
the fluid administrator, at the law
onion of Win, J. Alcuee, Jackson,
California, the same lining the place
for the tranßaotlon of the business) of
said estate, in said Amador county.
JMletl, Feb. 11, UHIH.
11. K. I'OTTKIt.
Administrator of the estate of O.
Znnzncnl, deceased.
Wm. J. AlctJee, attorney lor admin-
istrator.
Notice to Creditors.
Estate of Frank A. Voorhole, de-
censed. • '
Notice la herohy niven by th©
nndersißiied, o.xoontrix ot tho Inst
will and testament of Krnnlt A. Voor-
hoie, deceased, to tho creditors of
nnd all persons having rlaiiiiw ngninet
the said deceased, to exhibit, them,
with the necesaary vouchers, within
four months alter tho first publication
of this notice to the said executrix,
at thn oilico ot Hobert C. Hole, Keq.
Jackson, California, th« same being
the place tor the transaction of the
biiainesa of said estate iu Haiti Ama-
dor cconnty.
Dated, Fobrnary i!!>, 11108.
MAKTIIA J. VOOHIIEIB.
Kxi'cutrix of last will and testament
of tiH ill deceased.
Hobert C. liole,
Attorney for executrix. mar(s
Notice to Increase Capital Stock.
Notice is hereby given that nureuaut
to a resolution of the Hoard of
Directors of the Hank of Amador
County, duly passed and Hdoptod, a
meeting of the stockholders of said
Hank of Amador County, is hereby
cnlled for Thursday, April 16, 1908.
at 1 o'clock p. iu. of said day at the-
olliei) and principal place of business
of said Hank of Amador County,.
Main street, Jackson, Cul., for the-
purpose of considering and voting
on a proposal to increase tbn capital
stock of said linnk of Amndor County
from five hundred (500) shares to one
thousand and thirty (1030) shares aud
the capital stock of said Hank of
Amador County from thirty thousand
(830,000) to one hundred thousand
dollars (8100,000).
J. CUIOtiiZOLA,
Pres. of tho Hank of Amndor Co.
(Seal) . C. L. CuJbert,
SSec'ty of the Hank of Amador Co.
WANTED
Would like to hear at once,
from owner having good me-
dium size farm, or small busi-
ness for sale in any yoocl pros-
perous locality. Please give
price and description, and rea-
son for selling. State when
possession can be had. No
Agents need apply. Address,
Lock Drawer 984, Rochester,
N. Y.
Is Your Money
Drawing' Interest
If not, buy a money order
and send it to the
PEOPLE'S JJfiVINGS Rfll
OF SACRAMENTO.
$1 starts an account.
4 per cent on term deposits.
iJ per cent on ordinary deposits.. .
Send for our booklet
-Banking by Mail"
Guuruatued Cupltul * 410,0Ct)
Paid-up C;ii>ltul and Kuscrvo 375.UX1
AKBOts ! 2 500,(KX)
Win. BEOKMAN, President,
Alfred G. Folger, Cashiei'.
If you fcaTon't u regular, healthy movement of thn
liowcls every dtiy, you're 111 or will be. K<j"i>your
Ij'.wi'ls npi'ii, mill to well. I'orco, In tho uhupu o*
vlulcnt |ihy»l(! or pill pnleou, in danC*r°U'i 'I' 1 '"1" 1
nnui.iliisi, cniii-Kt, moHt perfect nay of ItocplMH
ti.o tmwcU ckar anil cloan lu tn tako
/yQJj2>» CATHARTIC
EAT 'EM ILl'tE CANDY
PlMttnt, I'ftlutulilf. I'i'tMiit, Tu»lo (Inod, Po
Ouott, Ncn't-v Mckf'l, \VYnlu<!t ur<Jr!|n'; ! '. Vf i un<l
10 eautt parboil Wrlta far lite juiaylvi »">* bank'
lot cu lutulth. AU,v»j i'Si
S'ljllmi li'-int'.lv I'lMiii.'nny, C!ilcn:j'. «C'*Y'.<rli,
KEEP YOim BLQfffl N&ANIRUHSER'S
Compound Extract of Sarsaparilla
Makes Pure Blood.
There is no one — big, little, old or young — but has impure
blood in the Spring. It is nature. Cold weather makes bad blond,
because the functions of tliu skin are not active in the Winter. A
vast part of all impurities of the body, especially ol the. tissues
immediately under tbo skin, depend upon the skin for elimination.
When it Is cold all tbe little pores of the skin fire contracted until
they lire nearly closed, preventing the escape of impurities.
This throws increased work on the other eliminating organs, which,
as a rule, have about all they want to do. Consequently, this
matter stays in the blood or is absorbed back Into the tissues.
Riihscr's Compound Extract of Sarsapa-
rilla will remove all those impurities and is the only
Spring Medicine and Purifier.
Price per bottle $1.00
RUHSER'S CITY PHARMACY.
Jackson, Cal.
TEMPERATURE AND UAINbWLL
This ttiblo glvos tho hlghoHt unit lowest tem
perature In Jnekson for ciich day, together with
tho rulnfall, as recorded by Bolf-ro£,'lHtcrlng
instruments kept at the Ledger ofllcfl :
iTcmp; B
Date. I i Bjj Dnio.
it?
;Touip;£
i. .:• a
|f.|H. 2j|
Mar. 1. IMH XV 01 0.3S iMiir. 1*. . .
•J : ."»: Mo Hi! :.,....18...
3 '.: SBi WO.IS'I 1U...
4 ! 3li 66'0.9?i »!.:«".
S i 33: 4U- :j SI ..
6 ! i! 5 «li"--:i «...
7 1 87! 78 "." VKi...
8 i 37 M •--"' S4 ---
U i 3J HBi""| as...
id ' 3-li Ssl •_•!• 2G...
11 : 34' 75! ! M 7...
12 : 30: 81 '_'.•• an...
13 : 36! : '•■■•:; 5»...
1J i ; ; : !■■••:; 30...
15 : : : ; ••:"• 31...
■16 1 : i • !••••:;
ibiH.;2_
iTcmp; B
Date. I i Bjj Dnio.
|f.|H. 2j|
Mar. 1. IMH XV 01 0.3S iMiir. 1*. . .
•J : ."»: Mo Hi! :.,....18...
3 '.: SBi WO.IS'I 1U...
4 ! 3li 66'0.9?i »!.:«".
S i 33: 4U- :j SI ..
6 ! i! 5 «li"--:i «...
7 1 87! 78 "." VKi...
8 i 37 M •--"' S4 ---
U i 3J HBi""| as...
id ' 3-li Ssl •_•!• 2G...
11 : 34' 75! ! M 7...
12 : 30: 81 '_'.•• an...
13 : 36! : '•■■•:; 5»...
1J i ; ; : !■■••:; 30...
15 : : : ; ••:"• 31...
■16 1 : i • !••••:;
Total rainfall for week.... 1.69 inches
Total rainfall for season to dato " 14.00 inches
To corresponding period last season 31.03 "
LOCAL NEWS
M. L. Smith Notary Public and
Stenographer, Court St., .luckuou,
Telephone Black 413.
Another hatch of Austrian minera
left Tuesday for liutto, Montana.
Toe starting up of Mio copper mines
of that camp is tho magnet that is
drawing them thither and advices
from their countrymen already there
that employment is obtainable. Some
3000 men are needed to resume work
in full blast in that big copper dis
trict.'. l~£,
Steve A. Werley camo down from
Antelope district accompanied by his
wife, who has been eiittoring from
grip and other ailments, and came
down to seok medical adviuo and
attention. Mr Worley is a ditch
tender in tho mountains, and had not
visited the county seat beforo for
several years.
*The farmers report that notwith
standing tbo genial springlike weather
of the past, week, vegetation is back
ward. The weather has been frosty
several ruoruiufis, and this bus tended
to keep things trom growing. The
crops are looking well, and a good
yield of hay and gruiu is promised
from present appoaiuucoa. i
Mrs L-'auuio Hall left for Snu Fran- i
cljcu Wednesday morning for Burglcal
treatmout She was acuompauiod by
Mies liend, the trained nurso, who
will attend her during her .slay in
tho hospital. Mrs Hull baa recovered
from the operation submitted to about
two mouths ago for the romoval of a
cancer, and her presout illness is not
related to tbur trouble.
.Reserved seats for tbo "Corner
Store" will be on usle to-morrow
morning, Suturduy the 11th, at
linbser's drug store.
Next Wednesday evouiug at the
regular meeting of the Nutivo Sons
11. C. Muhtenbcrgor, of Los *'\ngolos,
a graud trustee ot the lodgo will be
present.
t;. P. StephoDsou ot Mew York,
traveling agent of the bJngineoring
and Mining Journal, has been in
town tor tbo past few days in tho in
terests of that publication.
Mr and Mrs James Dye wont to
Stockton ou Monday, returning Tues
day.
(Jbrls Mareliu returned to Sun
Fruncisco Wednesday.
Gilbert J\l. Voorheis leiurned Mou
day evuuing from Sonoru, where he
bad been for v week or more ou busi
ness. From there be went 'to Sail
Fruuoiseo for a couple of days.
Ijust Suuduy being mi ideal day for
out ot doors pleasures, large numbers
of people iv the county turned out ,
and visited their neighboring towns ;
and trumped over the liillu. Some ,
went from here to the plant, while |
others went over to Suttet (/reek uud ,
Arnudur, Somu wore noon in these j
parts from love uud from above here. (
Hupeilntendunt Finchley ot the
South Eureka, who hus been abbeut j
from tlni mi no for Die past month ou |
ucuouut of voriouti tiickuoHS, wus «x- ,
peoted to return lust evouiug. John j
Cornish bus beau in churge ot tho
work while Mr Kiuchley whh uwuy. |
Ijook out for the Woodcraft enter- |
tuiumeut, Hiiou after Kuater.' »j
Tliore whs a closo mill from being
a soriona llro nt tlio Nutlounl hntul
Friday morning. Horninn Uramet
iiiid wife occupied n room In the old
••nit, aud while healing some water
ou a small stovo, tho wludow curtains
caught llro. There whs a lively time
for n few seconds. Fortunately Mr
Cramer waa in tho room at tho time,
mill n small pan of water was there,
by which he managed to put out tho
flames before they had got a danger
ous hnqdway. The Joss of the cur
tains, aud alight damage from smoke
wore the ouly losses sustained.
J. Il'.I I '. Wilaou. Dentist. Hours 9a.
vi. to 5 ii. m. Phone— Ollice, black
144: residence. Black 31)1: Jackson.
C. 11. HuHsncr has sold out his
interest in tbe tailing plant at the
Argouaut.to bia partner, James Mush
ett, who will hereaftor oporato it on
his own account. The returns are not
sufficient to warrant two men being
interested iv tho plant. Mr Huesuer
is endbavoring tofinako arrangements
to put a plant behind the Koyiitone at
Araador City.
Mrs James JUeeban, while leaning
against a wire on tho porch of her
residence Monday morning, tell
several feet to the ground, striking
on her head. Tbe accident was cann
ed by the wire breaking at both eudg.
She fortunately escaped with ouly a
few scratches, aud a shaking. - Bho
was able to be around immediately
altorwards.
The ehirt waist cirl will find o"r
laundering methods adapted to huudl
iug the most dclicato effects aud is
assured that the work will delight
and please her most fastidious taste.
Atnador County Steam Laundry,
Clarence l'l. Jarvis.
K. 1. Kerr has been appointed resi
dent agent ot the Now England Lite
insuruucQ Company in Jackson.
Mrs Joliu barker came up from San
Francisco Sunday evening! 'or a
short visit with rolativos here.
Chris Marelia camo up from San
Francisco Saturday evening. He has
entered a new business in the city.
He is now identified with a weekly
paper iv tl>o yiavonitui tongue, culled
''Jarcluu." Two issues have been
published. It in four pagos, six
columns to tho page. 1J O is up hore
rustling for bualueaa for his new
venture, aud seems to bo veiy well
pleased with tho outlook.
Last Sflnduy evening whilo descend
ing tho bto|)3 at tho Kpiscopnl church
Miss A Iran Francis accidontly tripped
aud fell forward ou her faco. Her
neck was badly spraiuod b.y thu fall.
Win. Colt, vice president of the
Aerlo of J'Jagles in Fluoorvllle, has
beeu hero for the past couple of weoks
organizing a lodge for this county
with headquarters in the town. Ho
was able to secure nearly seventy-live
names for a charter membership, tho
application for tho charter having
beeu sent to grand president Theo
dore Hell Wednesday.
John Kaggio, receiver of the lone
aud Euatern itiilroad, who oame up
Suuduy evening to look over the
affairs of tho company, returned to
Stockton Tuosduy morning.
Mrs MoUury returned Sunday even
ing from San Frunulsoo, whore she
has been for the past week.
Misses Mayuie Troyuu and Auuio
l'erovich went to Bacrumetito Sunday,
the latter to purchase the trosaouu for
her marriage to Cbrl* Chrislojovioh
of San Francisco, whiuli will bo un
blaster tido eveut.
Dr. Spiaguo received a luessago last
Monday etatiug that his father had
died that day in Sonoma county, lie
loft by tho Valley Spring route the
same afternoon, expecting to reach
tho oiiy that oveuing. His lather's
death was not altogether unexpected,
11" wtis feeble with ago, aud hud beeu
sick tor Home time,
•luliii ISlackwoll has beeu lying very
ill with (ever for tho past week or
two. A trained lilll'Bo wua brought
up from the city Monday to attemi
him.
Win. J. MoUoe'a law ottloe in now
In the Graut buildlnft, rooms 413 nail
111, at the ooruer ot 7th aud Mnrket,
Tel. Market YJ. N'."Jlt
it?
;Touip;£
i. .:• a
ibiH.;2_
FRIDAY, MAUCIt 13, l«)<)8
A large number of Anpt.i inn mlnerp,
who have heeu employed nl, tho Ken
nedy mine, left early Mild week tor
Hutte, Montana, There is at present
nn nhmiduricn of minor?, nnd the
ti» f 11*1 owners Imvii nn opportunity of
sennnns ski] ltxl men, ami no iih n
rule take advantage of it. hh it Is
01 U(ifa to bo preferred to liare persons
wild cau undorgtaud the Kriglish
A Chi loan whs brought, to the
hospital Alniidiiy from (Jletn, lie la
nn old unsiclont of Mint section, mid
luih been in the stuto since 1850. lie
iliwa not know Jiih ago, but from ap
pearances lie must bo over 70.
Ktrangi) to Buy notwithstanding bis
protracted residence in nu blugllsb
s|iit:ii{iii(4 otJininunlty, he cannot speak
the English lunumign ho iih to tniike
himself understood. ISoithor •onnnot
lie comprehend anything spokon in
thHt language, He is suffering from
feoblono?s innident to old age.
Mose Koitnor rotnrned from the
much vnuntod now camp of itawhide,
Nev., last weok. Jle is not ho inucli
enamored of thn doaurt mnahroom
town as to want to stay t here. " Ho
profers the staid the old town of
Jackaou to tlio boom of Nevada camps.
1 lonium Cramer, agent ot tho Now
J'Juglaud Jjifo Insurance Company,
left Sunday morning with Mra
('rumor tot Sim I'raneisco. Ho ox
pectfld to meet in the city Daniel F.
Appel, the secretury of the company,
who waa due to arrive in Sun Fran-
Cisco Sunday eveuiug, preparatory to
sailing for Honolulu, for a visit of
Single Comb Whito Leghorn egga
for setting 75c pnr setting of 15 young
chicks. Hutched to order for 810 per
hundred. Cull or write to J. John-
Don't fnil to see "The Uoruer
Store," Love's ball, March 17.
\V. 11. lirown and John 1<". Clute,
the iutl.er weJI known throughout the
county, being until the last few years
a resident of Volcano bis native towu,
have beeu in Jackson for nearly two
weeka. They are engaged in tbo real
estate business in the sale of lots at
Half-Moon bay, near Han Francisco.
The Ocean Shore railroad between San
Francisco aud Hantu Cruz will pass
through the tract they are interested
in, and on thestreugtb of this rail
road the lots are expected to increase
in value rapidly.
A force of men have been at work
at the Oneida mine for tho past
couple of weeks taking down certain
parts of that plant preparatory to
shipment to Nevada county to the
Mr Wiley, prinaipal'of tbo achnolu
here, and family, mid Mra Harrington
aud children drove over to the Hun
ker Hill mine on Suudny and were
tho guests of superintendent Harring
ton.
J. P. Kogaity, inspector ot United
Slates post offices for this district
with offices in Sacramento, arrived
here Wednesday evening to go over
tho business ut this oiUce, which U
in charge of Frank 11. Dudeu.
Will Korr, whu is in tbo livery
business in Angels Cnrnp, waa liero
tho lirst of the week, visitiug liis
brother, K. 1. Kerr,
(Jeo. W. Fautiiu, superintendent of
tho copper mino near lone, drove up
from there on Tuesday, to attend to
■some business matters returning tbo
tnme day.
1/OK SALE.- 2 saddle horses,
specially good for cuttle; 1 Boddle; 2
ctolts Ii and 4 yoars; 1 iirst class
buggy. Johu (Jianuini, Drytowu.
Cal. AlarclJ U-Ht.
There is a rumor current to tho
elfoot that a ror.v rich strike Uhs beeu
made ut fhe copper mino at Irish hill
near lone. It im also said that tho
company will build a branch line
from the railroud to further facilitate
transportation.
11. 12. Kay has commenced the re
moval of the projecting window in
front ot the store ocoupied by AJfrod
(iolduer. He proposoa to put iv a
largo bay window.
Iho first of the week superintendent
of schools (ireeuhalgli spout in vaii
oii9 parts of the county visiting
schools. During the two mouths
already passed in this term he has
mado over seventy visits, aud before
the term is passed expects to make
the number in tho neighborhood ot
one hundred. Ho stated that sume of
tho schools ho visits are very poorly
provided with means to escape funn
tho buildings in tho event of fire,
aud said Hint he hoped lo kco these
schools provided with the proper
means of escape.
Stove Ferrari waa operated upou
the last part ot last week by Dr.
Kudioott for an mjury, which ho hud
received to the bone just bolow tho
kuee.
Julius Fodosta ia so fur improved
that ho wits down town the other day
for the llrst time silica ho had the (till
from tho telegraph polo while tie was
fixing tho lino of lights iv tho middle
of Main street, breaking his leg and
arm, aud cutting hia ncalp Beverly,
JUiss Kvelyu Devun arrived last
evHtiiug from Stockton, to spend v
tew days ut home,
Miss Delhi White returned Tuesday
from a oouplo of weok'ti visit helow.
Mrs Dr. (Jail returned Tuesday
from San Fiunoiaoo, whoio nh« went
nbout threo wookn ago to intet the
cruiser Teiniessee, ou which v cousin
is au ullicer.
Mils Mcliride, who has been viwit
m« with Mr and Mm Tom lledgopeth,
returood to her homo lv Htouktou
ycHteniuy morning.
liiHljjor' un<l Chicasfo Weekly Intep«
Dcfiin. both pypeib for one year $^.50
la udvauuo
A Terrible Ordeal.
A riißii named Tnpo Vnslljflvich, nn
Itnmitn of the county hospital for
alioiit II yeiirs, has had a experience
in irinflicino mid surgery that la pro
halily without n parallel in tho state.
Wlille working in one of the mines
Hereabout* about eleven years ago, he
iviih .struck in the back with a rock.
Home of tho wounds lnllictod by
quart* ronk nro dllllcult to heal, nod
Carry polgoii iuto the system, which
It is next to Impossible to eradicate.
'J'lusi whs the caao with Vnslljevich.
yiiice Iho accident occurred ho has
broil Operated upon thirteen times.
I'll" Kiuigreno ntfocted his feet, and
both feet had to bo amputated. Next
the disease affected tho lingers of tho
rlsbl lmnd, and after soveral lingers
hi"l lieou taken otr, it who found
necessary to nrnputnto the hand just
Bbove the wrist. .Kvon thin did not
efloctiinlly check the march of the
dlseufo. Utterly, tho loft hnnd baa
become affected, and Inct week Dr.
"lltllcott was cmnpnllort to remove
tin! third linger of that hnnd.
Burglar Enters
Grillo Bros.' Store.
Homo time during Hiiturdny night
siiiiiu ouo entered (Jiillo lirothers'
grocory Htore iv Volcano for tho sup
posed purpose of robbery tho
place, hut, utter carelully looking
everything over it could not bo found
that the party had taken anything.
Entrance' had boon gained through
the barroom, which is iv the base
ment of tho store, aud from there iuto
the Htore proper through a trup door,
which is fastened from abovo by
means of a wooden bar, and which
hud beeu sawed. Sheriff (Jrogory was
called from Jncks-.ou Sunday morning,
but the tracks, if there were any, had
beeu completely obliterated by the
curious. So no arrests huve beeu
made,
The person ejecting tho entrance
w«s perfectly familiar with tho place,
kuowing that bo could get iuto tho
store proper through the barroom. It
is probable tbat be bad intended to
break mio tho safe, which is located
in tho front part ot the store, but had
becotno frightened at something.
An Old Settler of
Amador City Dies.
James Ardittn, one of the pioneer
residents of Amador City, died at bis
homo in that town on Wednesday last,
alter lying in au unconscious con
dition for several days. On Friday
morning last, on getting up from bed,
.fio fell under a stroke of paralysis.
It is reported that be struck his head
iv fulling against the door of the
room, and received injuries iv this
manner. His wife was with him at
tho time, ami prompt assistance was
rend o red. Ho never recovered con-
Eolousnuss, and lingered until Wed
nesday morning, when he breathed
his last. ilo bad beeu a residouc of
Amador City almost from the beginn
ing of that town, having settled there
aomowhero in tho fifties. 110 has
raised a large family. He was a
native of Ituly, uged 72 years, iio
sidos a widow, he leaves oight
chlldroD, namely, six nons C. H.,
b'ruuk, Dave, James, William aud
Nick Arditto. and two daughters, Mrs
Jeunio Corselgla uuU Miss Minnie
Arditto.
iho fuuoial will be held on Suu
dßy, Interment Iv tho Butter Creek
cemetery.
Regulates the bowels, promotes
ffisy natural movements, cures cou-
Htipatiou— Doau's Kegulets. Ask
your druggist for them. 123 cents a
t)OX.
City Trustees.
Last uighl; the city trustees meet,
having adjourned from last week to
udjust a little error made, in tho call
for hills for the city printing during
tho following year. One of tho items
was fur a bid on 100 assessment
blanks, when it should have tjeeu
1000. The Ledgor bid 85 for the UK),
while tho Dispatch put iv a bid of 815
for 1000. The Ledger was asked to
flmngo its bid ou this item, which
it did, putting it at SI!J for tho
101)0. the bid of the Ledger, taken
as a whole, was $0.00 lower than that
Of the Disputed, so the contract to
do the printing for tho city for the
year rnisj awarded to tho Ledger.
The matter of purchasing a car
load ot sower pipe was discussed,
lurtlier action being continued.
Ttio board adjourned until the first
I'hursduy in next mouth, the regulur
meeting night.
Church Notes.
Kpikoopul —
Lenten Services. — Kvory Friday at
7:110 p, ni. iv St. Augustine's Epis
copal cliurch, tbo rector will delivor
ii BerieH of lectures on "IJiblo history
of ilm church of ChriKt from apostolic
days to the prosout time," ami also
one lecture ou "lfeusous why 1 am an
fc!placo|iallan. V All are cordially
invited.
M. K. Church— v
Hulijoct morning service, "A bwurin
of honey li's witliout BtingH."
Evening Hervion "i'lio lnu/i'ii ser
pent, a tyjio ot Cluiet."
Sunday school at 2 o'clock. I'rayer
iiioeltiig on Thursday afternouu at 2
o'clock.
O jC± ffU "2C <O CTL X . A. .
Beara tho /? « h9 V"V "' J V>m AlAayS BOUgM
Death of William Pellow
Wlllinin I'ollow, well known hern
nbontfl as the hlltirl traveler, died at
the residence of hi* daughter, Airs \V.
J. I'nsooo, at the old toil hoiice on
the Kennedy «rsde, ou i'liesrtay Hfter
noon, ntter n lingering illness from a
complication of troubles. Ho lias
been n noted character in tbia vicin
ity for tun »ast twelve yearn. He was
by (iccunation a miner, prior tn the
lOHB of bis sight. While working in
the Weilnnd mine about thirteen
yotirs ugo, a piece of steel flew from
tho hammer or drill, and struck him
in tint eye, which reaiiJteri in the
total Johh of Hi«ht of that ey<>. A
year or so thereafter, while employed
111 the Amiidor Qui>ou mine, ho was
caught in n lilhhi, Iliu flying doliris
floatroying tho sight ot tbo other
optic.
I'Jvcr alnce lie hits been totally
blind. I'nr years ho was accustomed
to bo lod around by a child and pick
up 11 fow dollars from the ohnrituMy
disposed. Three times ho made tho
trip to lilh unlive 'and, Knglnnd.
The last time he traveled unattended,
oxcept from such help hh he could got
from his fellow pusf-eugcrs. Jlo re
turned to California about v year ago,
l'ully content to remain here for tbo
bnlnncn of his d:iys. lln bud not
been around much since bis return,
owing to the impairment of his
boallb. His wife diec< many yenra
uj»o, before Ijlinrinusa overtook him.
"J'ho end uanio hs a happy release.
Il'orI I ' or seven mouths be had been unable
to luavi) the house, and was a con
stunt cure. His mind gradually fail
ed, and for several mouths prior to
tbo end, be was like a cbild. Less
than v year ago be returned iroin his
last trip to England, and soon there
after be begau to fail. J.'be funeral
WUB held today, under the auspices ot
the Odd Fellows, he being a member
of that organization for many years.
An effort was made to reach bis only
son who lives a few miles out from
Iterio, Mevada, but it was impractic
able to communicate with him in
time for him to httend the funeral.
Ho was buried in tho Protestant
cemetery. His exact age was 09,
2 months and 1 days.
Unclaimed Letters.
Ailiglio Aguetti, Pete iSastahan,
Angelo ilelluotniui, C. V. liigelow,
Naccino (Jiovaunetti, Luigi Maguaui,
H. M. Milburn, Miss iNellie Parr,
iiozo Uekerez, Jovau Siuiovic, H.
Stanley.
The Corner Store.
]Sext Tuesday eveuiug the ladies
of tho Catholic church will produce
'The Corner Store,'.' a dramatic
comedy at Love's ball iv honor of tit.
Patrick's day. Tho ladies have suc
ceeded in disposing of a large num
ber of tickets, each one of them tak
ing a number to dispose of, so that a
large crowd is expected to attend.
Tlie pluy itsolf is in luct a uurnedy,
beiug lull of life from the very btait.
Tbe characters are Eli Wlicelnr, wh.o
keeps tho stow, represented by Dr.
K. E. Etidicott; Cud, his sou, Emil
Mnrisucci; Harvey Uarton, Und's
cousin, a drummer, S. !•'. Ual 1'orto:
Jiinsy Flauiigan, recently lauded and
remarkably green. Kalph liearce; Otto
Gaokenheiuter, Javlile'a chief of
police, Fred Lemoin; Jasper White,
colored, tJeorge Hobs; IJora, Eli'a
niece aud heiresa to ¥UU,t)OO, Loretta
Meohau;' Jerushu June, an orphan,
Hazel (Jreeu; ami Aunt lliiuuah, Eli's
wife, Emma Uonrmau.
Pioneer flout is tlie 'best ; h:<ve no
other.
SCHENCK'S MANDRAKE PILLS
They nro tiie^rent H'medy for any of these
affectionH, it ml itiliouHnegß, lixliKestinn, Con*
etipatiun, Sick Headache, Jaundice, Malaria,
SCHENCK'S
MANDRAKE PILLS
will relieve you u Dothfag elie will. They
" Liven the Liver."
Boventy Years uie In American home* prore their
abwlute reliability, uad eutlre iftfety.
Purely Vegetable-Absolutcly Harmlesi
For Sale Everywhere. Pkln or Sugar
Coated. 35 cents a box, or by mail.
» ' Dr. J. H. Schenck & Son, Phila.,¥a. \
j; FINE ASSORTMENT OF __ TEA AND COFFEE
CENTRAL GROCERY HOUSE
| \ 0. E. Olver & Wm. J. Nettle, jr., Proprietors.
▼ 1* iti i Tjtnf or
i■■: ' - ■ •
|; Fresh Groceries, Fruits, Vegetables.
J ; Fresh Fish every Thursday and Friday.
j; INorth Main Street- —Jackson, Cal.
SUPERIOR COURT
PROCEEDINGS
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
Estate of W. 11. ISuasoll.-l'etiUon
for partial distribution Died; March
'20 appointed for hearing,
Katnte of .lobn KcKart.— March 14
appointed for hraring on return of
sale of real estate. Two tracts of
land In Arnador county were sold to
Mrs A, McDonald, one for MO; the
other tor 8160, and nine lots in Hauta
Cruz nold to Christina Jlnlinmn for
SHOO.
Guardianship of Frank K. imtes.-
Kitml account Uledj March Hi *et for
heaririK.
KstHto of fJeorae 'iroynn^Urder
allowing account and decree ot dls
trllmtioii made.
I'Jltate and gunnlianship of MelvinH,
I'^lva, Hilda and John Troyan. -Order
iiilinving guard lari'i Amanda Emiria
Troyan. ?.J0 a month from the death
Of fiedrge Troynn.
Tho people r.«. DqDiVoio'o iMhuzo, vs.
Agnstinn Mbrello, v.». Gioviujtii Bat
tiate and .Marco lJ6rello',~Chnllsoge
to tlie panel of graud jury, challenge
to individual jurors and inotlon to
set aside indictments filed. Continu
ed uutil .March 10,
l'J.-:tute of Hfaoebe A. Williams.—
March 21 set for hearing on return of
Bale of real aud peraonal property.
I'he reHl astnte couHiatiug of (J lotn iv
Lauchii l'iaua was sold to i\ Sheridan
for62iri; aua per sou a I properly con
siHtii.'g of Jive stock sold to L. W.
Maker for 8491. 76J
New Cases.
Batata nf Joseph Manly. —H. £.
fottei- petitions for letters of admin
istration. Kstate consists of 162.25 in
coin. No known heir; March '2l set
for hearing.
instate ot Luigi Malta.— ll. U.
Potter petitions for letter of adminis
tration. Estate consists of 510.50 in
coin. No known heir; March '21 set
for hearing.
L'state of V. Mazzetti— H. E. Potter
petitions for letters of administration.
Estate consists of 863 in coin. No
known heir; March 21 set for hearing.
Estate of James P. Drew.— H. E.
Potter petitions tor letters of adminis
tration. Estate consists of 881. 5U in
coiu. No known heirs; Maroh "21 set
for hearing.
Estate of Tedy liuzolich.-H. K.
Potter petitions for letteis of admin
istration. Estate consists of 872.50
in coin. No known heirs; March 21
set for bearing.
Estate of D. Skero.—H. E. Potter
petitions for letters. Estate consists
of 570.00 iv coin. No known heirs;
bearing set for March 21.
A Basket Social,
On the evening ot the twentieth the
ladies did of the Methodist church
will giro a basket social, the follow
ing program to be rendered :
Mixed quartet. Mrs .Nettle, Miss
Uoartnau, A. Koss aud Johu Mossing;
vocal solo, Olive Jackson; recitation.
Miss Carrie Anthony; vocal solo, Mrs
Zumblol; a sketch, Miss liourmun;
baritone solo.yr. H. -Nicholas; vocal
duet, Mrs liolo and Mrs Wylie; vocal
solo, Mias Nonna Smith i recitation
(humorous), F. Ji. Lemoin; vocul
solo, Mlbb Mildred Smith; comtu
glee, Nicholas^ ilosklLg and Koss.
Sale of baskets, f ree • cotl'oe and a
good time assured!
Mitchell Vernvicli, who was taken
down Just week with typhoid fever,
remains about the same, the fever
running Its course. He is staying at
Perovloh's boarding bouse.
O S5 -X" O 3Et X .
Boars the T lie Kind You Hava Always Bought
We are a
Commercial Bank
Which means that we
are prepared to grant
to the merchant, tho
fanner and the profes-
sional man every ac-
commodation consist-
ent with sound bank-
ing
BANK OF AMADOR COUNTY
Julius Chlchizola, President
C. L. Culbort. Cashier
56
Clipped from our Exchanges
From Near-by Counties.
A few weeks ago we published an
Rccottut of ii tolerably big tree that
liii.l been recently converted Into
*tovo wood iiPHr Stockton, which libs
exciter! Mr C. W. Thompson of Kail- :
toad l-'laf. to come back at us with '
ono lielli i. According to his story '
tfio tree lv question wan cut, on Jtbo '
Mcllerty ranch on tbe Mukeluiuue
river near ' Lockef ord a few years '
ago. This tree furnished 45 cords of
marketable stove wood tLat brought
?(i per cord; yno posts 7 feet loug thut
drought (ICO. The stump made lire
cords moro of wood, worth 8;M, or a
total of 84(50. It cost 8105 to work up
the tree leaving a profit of 8295.--
Vrospect.
Tbe American Kiver Klectrio Com
pany is engaged in installing a new
power wheel, with all necessary ap
pliances at its power house on tbe
river, tbe one put in about live
years ago having worn completely
out. At present Plncervillo is being
supplied with juice manufactured at
the steam plant, at Stockton. Elec
trical generating machiuory is of
Tery sboit serviceable Jite, averaging
about six yours. — Nugget.
Many people oven cioso at home are
unaware, that Cumpo Seco is at this
time the largest copper producing
town in the state. The operation
there havo grown' so gradually to
their present large proportion, that
little attention has been paid to tbe
work. The company has not made a
practice of proclaiming its doings but
has kept steadily at work extracting
and smelting its ore, aud enlarging
its plant till now it is thoroughly
equipped with a large force of em
ployes, all under tbe superintendence
of A. L. Wyille, tormeriy couuty
clerk. At present there are thirteen
teams, eleven eight-horse and two,
two horse, engaged in hauling the
product of the smelter to the station
at Valley Spring, aud returning haul
tbe largo quantity of material requir
ed to run tbe works. These teams
make one round trip each day, and
are loaded both ways so one can form
come idea of tbe material handled.—
Prospect.
The Lake Taboo case was before
Judge Arnot last Friday on prelimin
ary hearing. Ibis was fully reported
nveeral mouths ago. It is the suit of
K. J; Baldwin agaiost the people who
are damming the outlet of the lake
and thus making variations in its
snore line by which, it is claimed,
very serious damage has been and will
be inflicted upon tbe Tallac property
which Lucky bald win owns. The
plaintiff wants damages and an in
junction against further obstruction.
Ex-justice C. H. Uarroutte ot the
supreme court appeared for Baldwin
and tbe defendants were represented
by Goodfeilow & Eils of Sau Fran
ciso. The only procedure at this
time was a motion by tbe plaintiff to
strike out some parts ot tbe answer
flied by defendant aud the argument
is ordered ma<Je by briefs.— El Dor
ado Republican.
li. L. Harpor of Denver, died at
Uoldfleld Nevada, on tbe lHtb of last
month. Tbe local interest in "this
death-is owing to tbe tact that, Mr
Harper was largely interested iv
mining in this and tbe adjoining
connty of Amador. l-ast fall be
visited this suction aud obtained an
option on a large tract of dredging
ground on the Mokelumne river near
Lancha I'lana. Just preceding his
death he waR making arrangements
for tbe immediate operation ot this
ground. Several other meu were
interested in the project, so although
the death will doubtless delay
matters, it is hardly probable that it
will be given up.— Prospect.
There Are Many Ways
of Obtaining a Wife.
There are many ways of going a
wooing. it is tbe custom of the
aboriginal Australian to start out
with the predetermined purpose ot
capturing a wife much as be would
on a bunting excursion, lie wauders
about until be finds a maiden whom
he thinks will suit his special re
quirements, and then - be steals up
behind her, knocks her down and
taken her home on his shoulder.
When a young Eskimo boy him kill
ed his first polar bear unaided, and
thus given proof that lie is capable
ot providing for a family, he sets
forth at night to get a wife. The
first girl he can catch unawares he
grasps and attempts to carry Jier off
to his hut. The object of his violent
affection screams and scratches and
bites until she frees herself, when she
immediately takes to her heels.
U'tie young wife seeker starts in
pursuit, and when he coined up with
iiis quarry again more scratches and
biting tollows, and usually the girl
agaiu succeeds in freeing herself, if
the suitor again overtakes the maiden
titie becomes reconciled to ber fate
and willingly accompanies tbe young
JCbkirno to bis borne as tils wife.
Ledger & Chicago Inter-Ocean, $2.50.
Assessment Valuations*
County assessors ot Snu .lonqiiln
Valley counties havo agreed upon the
following valuations to lie placed
npou personal property in making the
assessments for tho current, year,
commencing nt noon next Monday:
American horses, i?(iO aud upwards;
common, 810 and upwards; colta 1
year old, 61 and upwards according
to eliiss; '2 years old, 82.1 and up
wards; !l yenrs old, BUS and upwards;
mules, $(>0 mid upwards.
Milch cows, 620 and upwards;
calves, 85; stock cattle, 812; beef
cattle, 825.
Bucks, 35; ewes, 82.50; wethers, 8!);
fall iambs, 81.50; spring iambs, 60
cents.
Hogs, 3 cents per pound.
Wheat nud barley about 820 a toti
moro or less dependent upon the
price regulation at Port Costa as will
be aunouced later by tbe assessor of
Contra Costa.
ilay aud grain, 85 a ton; alfalfa SX
Lumber, 810 to 815 per thousand,
according, to grade.
VVinea, 10 tn 20 cents a gallon ac
cording to age of the product; brandy
itaisms, c.su per ion.
Crude oil, 'M oeuts per barrel.
Standard oil pipe fine 83,000 per
mile, a raise this year of 8250. Lnst
year a raise of 8750 waa made to 82,
570 per mile.
Switch and sidetracks in counties
and coming under the jurisdiction of
couuty ' assessors, !I5 cents per lineal
foot, where sidetracks aro in Iho
owning company's right of way;
where off the right of way and runn
ing into vineyards, orchards or
wineries, 50 cents.
A rate for tbo Southern Pacific
Company's rifled pipe line in course
of construction and now just about
through Stanislaus county will be
made later on.
Homestead Rights
May Be Restored.
Tbe following law recently passed
by congress will doubtless be of in
terest to many of our readers :
"An act providing for second home
stead entries"
"Be it enacted by the senate and
house of representatives of the United
States of America iv congress assem
bled, That any person who, prior to
tbe passage ot tbis act, has made
entry under tbe homestead laws, but
for any cause has lost, forfeited or
abandoned tbe same, shall be entitled
to the benefits of the homestead law
as though such former entry bad not
been made, and any person applying
for a second homestead under tbis act
shall furnish tbe description and date
of bis former entry."
"Provided, That the provisions of
this act shall not apply to any per
son whose former eutry was canceled
for fraud, or who relinquished tbo
former entry tor a valuable considera
tion.
"Approved, February 8. 1U08."
THE PERFECT WAY.
Scores of .Jackson Citi
zens Have Learned It-
it you suffer from backache. -
There is only one way to cure it.
The perfect way ts to cure the kid
neys.
A bad back means sick kidneys.
Neglect it, urinary troubles follow.
Douu's Kidney rills are made foi
kidneys only.
Are omior.sed by Janksou people.
Mrs K. Hodeu, living in Newmans
vil!e, Jackson, Ual.., says: "Doau's
kidney pills have been used in my
family aud tbe results were most
satisfactory. My brother first advis
ed me to try them while Buttering
severely from Kidney trouble. I had
been bothered with severe pains in
my back for a long time and finally
became so run down that 1 could
hardly get around. My back was
very painful aud the paius were so
severe at night that 1 could not Bleep.
My kidneys were very irregular and
gave me great aunoyauce, 1 suffered
from headaches aud dizzy spells
bothered me it great deal. At lust
Uoan'H Kidney fills were brought to
my attention, and I procured a box
at the City Pharmacy. They helped
me from the llrst, 1 continued taking
them nnil aa a result received a com
plete cure." IZ£
For sale by all dealers. Price 5U
cents. h'oster-Milburu Co.. Buffalo,
Now i'dtk, solo agents for the United
States.
Kemember the name— Doau'a-aud
take no other.
Try This Figure Stunt.
Put down ttio Dumber ot your liv
ing brothers.
Double the number.
Add three.
Multiply result by five.
Add number of liviug ulsters.
Multiply result by tun.
Add number ot dead brothers and
sisters.
Substract 150 from tbe result.
The right hand UKure will be the
number ot deaths.
Tbe middle figure will be the num
ber of living sititers.
The left baud llkihb will be the
number ot living brothers.
Strange freak of figures, i.su't it?
AVADOII Lifllß.TiTß. JACKSON. CAL
A Permanent
Appointment.
NANCY BRENT
Copyrlifiitctl. ini>7. l>y <'. 11. Sutcllffe
Mr«. iJnrnley looked up eagerly
when her niece came In.
"Wan It hard?" nhe naked, letting
her raflffflstlnfl slide to the floor.,
Eleanor Wynn unpinned her nobby
little sailor hat anil leaned back on
the couch pillows, with a sigh of re
lief.
"All examinations nro harrowing,?
she Bald, her eyes ■till diluted with re
cent mental strain. "I never saw such
long columns of figures ■In my life.
HUntle, I shall dream about Ihein for
weeks. It seoius almost Impossible to
hope that I ridded them correctly. The
rough draft letter writing and arllhmo.
tic didn't bother me a bit. but those
pages of rapid addition wore awful. I
shall be— so— ashamed- If I fall to pass
HK SETTLKI) HEIt COMFORTABLY IN AH
Oljl> HILL.
after nil the Interest and kindness you
have shown."
Mrs. Dnrnley saw tears rush to the
girl's eyes and picked up her maga
zine with seeming unconsciousness.
"Run and take a nice bath, my dear.
There is half an hour before dinner.
You needn't dress— come In your ki
mono. I wouldn't worry if I did fail
on a civil service examination. Lots
of well educated people have got co
rattled they -wanted to spell cnt with
two fs."
The girl wiped her eyes furtively *a
she started from the room.
"There was a horrid woman sitting
next to me during the exam. She
she—added every blessed one of those
figures— in n— loud whisper," and Elea
nor, ashamed of her tears, made a
rush for the door of her own little
hall bedroom.
When her father after an attack of
pneumonia bad been left with a lung
trouble that his physician said would
be fatal unless he at once left for a
southern climate, the girl had reso
lutely Insisted upon his using the great
er part of their small bank account to
start for Arizona. Then, deprived «f
her father's salary, she had l>een forc
ed to leave college with the determi
nation to seek work. Her aunt's letter
advising her to come to Washington to
try the examination advertised by tbe
civil service to secure 150 clerks for a
year's work on an extra rush had
caused the motherless girl to Invest
her little money in the chance that she
might be one of the fortunate one 3.
She settled down In her aunt's tiny flat
to await in suspense the two or three
months necessary to hear the results
of her examination.
Mrs. Daraley came home one after
noon much elated. ' .
"I met John Dabney on the Btreet,
my dear. You don't know who John
is, of course, but that doesn't make
any difference. lie's the nicest man in
town. He's been out west for three
months and just got back. He's a dear,
ami he knows one of the powers that
be— or Is— down at the civil service
commission. lie offered to go down
and find out just where you stand on
the list of ellgibles."
When John Dabney arrived that
evening Ue looked at the slender girl
in amazement.
"Miss Wynn, I have to congratulate
you. Eighteen hundred people took
that examination, and only ten of them
made a higher average than you. There
Is no doubt about your getting an ap
pointment, but." turning to her aunt,
. "It seems a pity for a mere girl to be
shut up In an otllce adding figures all
•lay."
"Hut It's only for a year," the girl
raid, with the youthful enthusiasm of
one who never worked for a living and
knew nothing of how long and tedious
v year may seem.
When the ofllclal appointment finally
arrived, it was John Dabuey who uc
compauled the girl when she reported
to take tho oath of office. Later he
often made the excuse that she wan m
stranger and needed piloting homo aft
er oflloe.
One hot afternoon hi August he met
her <>n the stone steps near tho mala
entrance of the large government
building.
"Your aunt Is waiting for us at the
junction," he mild, raising her red
parasol and, after the manner of men.
holding it at an angle that let Id all
tbe huh and guve occasional digs at her
hat "We three me going to run
dorm to Chesapeake bny for dinner
nnd a cool breeze. We will get buck
by 12 o'clock tonight."
■After dinner they left Mrs. Dnrnlry
with a book nnd strolled dotVti the- j
beach until they ennio td nn old pier, i
used only oeri'sloniilly I>y sninll liojii '
with their fishing trickle, ',
"Lot's walk to the end of this. It
gives n feeling of being in tlia middle
of tho ocp.iii. F.scopt for Iho nnrrow
slrip of board* re.'K'iilng bod* to the
bench we blip Itilfißlde we nro strand*
cd on a desert Inland.',' ' # ■ :
lie settled her comfortably in an old
pill lying across the etid Of the pier
nnd took out his clfjtfir case, "Now
tell me how Jf'jq 'Ike of!k-e life and If
you witnt a permanent appointment.'!
She shrttgged her shoulders In tho
darkness.
"I'd Mtuer slay homo and wash
dishes Jill my life than nccept a per
manent appointment," hlio said intense
ly. "It's bearable when I think that
It's only for a short time— father Is
gel ting well rapidly, you know— but I
could not lie brave enough to face tho
thought that I wns there for life.
There are more brnvo, discontented
women in Washington than I ever
drenmed of— all ngos, from twenty to
seventy. Did you over hear of tho
'offlco fnce?' "
"I don't think I cvjir did," laughed
Dabney. "Is It worth looking at?"
"It's pitiful," she said, watching the
waves, flecked with moonlight, dash
and break agnlnst.tho logs of the pier.
"Whenever a new girl comes in, fresh
from the. outside world, she creates a
sensation. Her fresh complexion, her
hopeful ambition, are Interesting and
enjoyable to the clerks who have been
there for years, hilt they also watch
her with a pathetic tenderness. Not
one who stays In service five years
falls to get that look which Washlng
tonlnns call the office face. There Is
a set expression of apathy. The expres
sion of the eyes changes. I don't know
exactly what It Is. but the woman who
has the desk next to mine told me that
she could walk down V street In the
afternoon, look into people's faces and
pick out every man and woman who
had been In ofneb for any length .of
time. Kven the men lose the inde
pendent look.wiilch the nverage busi
ness man gets with years."
"Poor little girl! A few months even
have been sufficient to rob you of your
enthusiasm," lie said, noticing that'her
face had grown thin and pale from the
unaccustomed sedentary life. ."Elea
nor, are you determined to go back to
college next fall to iinlsh your course?"
"If all goes well with papa. I only
lack one year. It seems a pity ftot to
get my diploma."
"But if you are going in, for— er—
dishwashing," he suggested, "is the
diploma really necessary?"
Eleanor looked at him reproachfully.
"Stupid! Are you ns literal as all
that? Haven't you ever heard of mere
figures of speech ?"
"Figures that set me to doing some
rapid mental calculation, yes." He
leaned toward her, and the moonlight
showed her both the mirth and serious
ness of his eyes. "I was going to in
vest in some— er— dishes to be washed
and offer you the job," he said.
"You are a very queer man!" she
gasped, laughing finally at a mental
picture of John Dabney investing his
thousands in an Innumerable pile of
dishes.
"It's not a joke, girl. I've been think
ing of it for weeks."
She clasped her fingers around her
knees and, leaning over, gazed at the
lights of a boat far out.
"It Is not a very hard job washing
dishes for two," she said finally.
He unclasped her hands and held
them firmly in his own.
"Eleanor Wynn, I'm going to swear
you In to a permanent appointment
right this minute." ho said jubilantly.
"It's for life, remember."
Adventures of a Stained Glass Window
The east window at St. Margaret's,
Westminster, wandered about for more
than 1200 years before reaching its pres
ent position and was the subject of a
seven years' lawsuit. Henry VII., for
whom it was intended, died before the
window arrived from Dordrecht, and it
came into the possession llrst of the
abbot of Walt'.iam and then of General
Monk. Stained glass -was anathema in
Puritan days, so the window was
burled until the restoration, when it
was brought to light. Uefused by
AVadham college, it was bought for
DO guineas and erected In a private
house and years later was bought for
400 guineas by the committee charged
with the restoration of St. Margaret's
end placed in position in the church.
The lawsuit to which vie have referred
was brought by the registrar to the
dean and chapter on tho ground that
the window contained superstitious im
ages, but after seven years' legal wran
gling the church wardens proved vic
torious, and the beautiful window was
suffered to remain undisturbed.—Lon
don Qulvtr.
Strictly Business.
"Young man," said tho old gentle
man ns he Hhulned into tho parlor, "I
believe— ln fact, 1 know— thut you and
my daughter are rapidly edging toward
matrimony."
"It la true, sir," replied the poor hut
otherwise honest youth. "And, while I
am obliged to confess that it will have
to be a case of love In a cottage, still
r-
"That's all right, young man," Inter
rupted the stern parent.' "Love in a
cottage Is the true Ideal of happiness.
Tou have my consent" —
"Oh, thank you, sir!" exclaimed tho
young man.
"Upon one condition," continued the
old gentleman, "and that Is you must
Hi able to show mo the deed for tbe
cottage. Good night, young wan."—
Chicago News.
i B - p^ L J. Glavinovich \
1 LEADING GROCERY STORE 2
• d Furnishing Goods, Boots, •$■ •
2 a Shoes, Toilkt Aktjclks, •
a e • Hardware, Miners' Sup- •
S ;I ; PLIES, HAY, QItAIN, ETC. •
2 Cor. Main & Court Streets . ;
SiAm-uAAT /-.at McCALL •
•JiVOIv bOJN, - - GAL. /fe Mflr/ fc //WM :
'''••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••((••••••••••••••••••a
iiirwiATrsiß
'■ .Near MAHTELL STATION, Cal. !
Delightful climate, pleasantly situated, and t>asy of access. [
Open for the treatment of all surgical and medical cases, except
I contagious and mental diseases. Fully equipped with all modern ap- '
>■ pliances, including X-Ray Outfit, Hot-Air Baths, etc. '
[ Any reputable. physician is at liberty to bring'eases to the in-
i stitution, under his own exclusive treatment and supervision,
i Trained nurses in attendance. Terms reasonable.
; BOARD OF MANAGERS:
, P. S. OOODMAN, M. B. L. E. PHILLIPS, M. D.
|' . Sutter .Creek. at>l9 Jackson.
» NORTF WAIN STEEET JACKSON, CAL 2
j CITY MEAT MARKET, i
• ° ' GEO. L. THOMAS * CO. *
" •
j) Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, Hams, •
• Corned Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc. 2
I At lowest market prices. - - - Orders promptly delivered. •
t 2
•••••••• ♦♦♦••••♦•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
.-
SAVE MONEY
BY USING
PIONEER FLOUR
Because it will make more loaves
of bread to the sack than any
other. Made from strongest wheat
—MANUFACTURED BY—
• PIONEER FLOUR MIS. MCRJWENTO ©
-
FOR RENT — —
The Webb Store Building
35x80 feet, either as a whole or
in two separate Stores. The
largest and handsomest build-
ing in Jackson, located in the
in the business center.
■
Suitable for any merchandi-
zing purpose. A splendid oppor-
tunity for business in a thriv-
ing city.
For full particulars apply to
Amadci X-i©d.grex O££ic©OFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National flovernment.
EXECUTIVE
I'rcsklent TlicOdoro Uoosovclt
Vico President.. Charles W. Fairbanks
JUDICIAUY
U. S. SUPREME COURT JUSTICES
(Chief Justice Fuller)
First circuit Oliver VV. Holms
.Second circuit. ...Knfuß W. Puckhain
Third circuit Ilenory W. Hiown
Fourth circuit;.". . . . Mulvlllo W. Fuller
Fifth circuit Kdward w. White
Sixth circuit John M. Ilarliin
Seventh circuit William H Day
Eight circuit David..!. Drawer
Ninth circuit Joseph McKonna
NINTH JUDIOAL CIRCUIT
(Paclßo Status and Territories)
Circuit judjfo William W. Morrow
Circuit Judge Eaklre Mi Hosa
Circuit judge William It. Gilbert
U. S. Cotnmlßsioiior for Auuidor coun
ty... Richard Wobb
1 LEGISLATIVE
SENATORS FROM CALIFORNIA
Guorgo C. Perkins and Frank I*. Flint
CONGRESSMEN FROM CALIFORNIA
First district. Win. Entflcbright
Second district... Duncan 10. McKinlay
Third district . . .Joseph K. Kriowland
Fourth district Julius Kahn
Fifth district. .". ■■ E. A. Hayos
Sixth district James C. Ncodham
Seventh district James McLachlan
Eighth district S. C. Smith
State Government.
EXECUTIVE
Governor James N. Glllett
Lieut-Governor Warren R. Porter
Secretary of State Charles F. Curry
Controller A. B. Nyo
Treasurer Win. It. Williams
Attorney-General Ulysses S. Webb
Surveyor-General. .Wm. S. Kingsbury
Supt. State Printiug. . W. W. Shannon
Clerk Supreme Court. . .F. L. Caughey
JUDICARY
SUPREME COURT
Chief Justice Wm. 11. 13eaty
Associate Justice ...T. 13. McFarland
Associate Justice F. W. Henshaw
Associate Justice W. G. Loritran
Associate Justice P. M. Angellotti
Assoctate Justice Luclan Shaw
Associate Justice M. C. Sloss
APPELLATK JUSTICES
First district James A. Cooper
First district Samuel P. Hall
First district Frank 11. Kerrigant
Second district ...... Matthew T. Alfen
Second district James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw-
Third district Norton I. Chlpmun
ThiJd district Albert G. Burnett
Third district Elijah C. Hart
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
First district Josoph II Scott
Second district Alex Brown
Third district Richard E. Collins
Fourth district •■Joff" 1). McElvalne
1
RAILROAD COMMISSION
Firet district Mox O. Twrln
Second district Andrew M. Wilson
Third district. .Thoodoro Surnmerland
LEGISLATIVE •
Senator, 10th district ... .A. Caminetti
Assemblyman. 11th dist..G. F. Snydcr
U. S. LAND OFFICE •
[Sacramento]
Register John F. Armstrong
Reoelver Will A. Nowcutn
County Government.
Superior Judge Hon. 11. C. Rust
Sheriff & Tux Collector. ..US Gregory
Deputy \V. T. Connors
District Attorney C.'P. Vlclnl
Clerk and Auditor J. R; Huborty
Doputv ;L; L - No wman
Recorder D A - 'iHorson
Deputy Ij. (.}. Me'ehan
Treasurer George A. Gritton
Assessor 9; X- Jtt '' vis
Deputy George. A. Gordon
Surveror Wm. Brown
Supt. of SchoU W. H. Grceiihulgh
Supt. Hospital P. Bi LeMoln
I'liy slolan . ; E. 13. Endicott, M. 1).
Corner & l'ubllc Admr...H. K. Potter
Court Commissioner Goo A Gordon
BOAKD OP BUX'KKVISOItS
Township 1....J0hu Strohm, Jackson
Township 2\V. Amide, [Chairman] lone
Township 3 A. Grillo, Volcauo
Township 4D. A. I'Vasur Suitor Creek
Township 5 L. Uurko, Plymouth
JUSTICES OF THE PJBAQH
Township No. 1 A. Goldner
Township No. 2 T. U.Gartlin
Township No. a A. W. Itobln^on
Township No. 4 W. L. Itoso
Township No. 5. . . John Blower
CONSTAULKS
Township No. 1 A. Luvorono
Township No. 2 J- B. Kelley
Township No. « T. C. MelCen/.e
Township No. 4 T. S. Tut tie
Township No. 5 N. X, Wheeler
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weekly (or tho Ledger.
Earth Protection from l'iro.— Solu
tion of a J'tiyaloluKiciil I'uzzio, —
LnnvitiK Tracks ou tlio yea. —Ihe
Wewest Electrnoullure, — Steam
.Mi'iiKiuiiiK by J)yunmo.— (talor
pillnr Hooted Plmilh.— ljooomntivn
Improvomont. — Mnutli Hatched
Jiiito experiments Inivn proven tlmt
hoirt is liiiiiHinilli'il (Inwmvnrri ftito
I lif cnrth very slowly mill Hint n tliiti
covering of soil ig m lll o lent to pro
tect ovou explosives mid liiflniimiublo
li(|iii<lH from tho highnfii temperntaroi
of burning bulldlnjis. In toste o( tho
Hro department of llnnovcr. (joriiitiuy,
tluoo Hut piles wh'q made »t dry
smcl, nlinliMy moist griivel uud build
iiiK debris/ the sides hnviiiK h Elopo
of -\'i (leKiooe mid the top of eiicli be
iny .urge enough for a furnuco ii'J
iiiclicn high of brick will la. (Joko
llres wero miiititnincd fur sovernl
days. The heat nt tho baso of tho
tnrunees wua eatimiited lit uioro thuu
I!*>OU degrees, but the rise in teiopuru
tute was alight iv thu piloa of till,
ovoli titter Kovuntl dsiyn, nud Ht a
depth of ±13 inches only IGU degreuH
I* 1 , was reached after Hi luiur.j. this
being about the boiling point ,of
betr/iuo. In the pile of building
deris those wero tho temperatures
after 21 bourn. At 4 iuobea of depth,
.">ia degreos I' 1 ., .12 luohes, 185 degrees;
2U inches, 122 degrees; 30 luches, 08
i degrees; 40 iuehes, (i;i degroes.
The reason why the stomach and
intestines do not digest themselves
wad ouch thought by VVeinland, a
Gorman experimenter, to bo that
they defend themselves by auti
enzyoies, or auti-fermeuts. Dr. Nan
dor King, of Budapest, now reports
these auti-fertueuts not to be found,
but that the tnucin present in the
inner half of the gastric mucous mem
brane resists the digestive action of
the trypsin and the gastric juice.
The digestive organs, therefore, pro
tect themselves by tbe uiuoin they
secrete.
To lessen risk of lossot submarines,
torpedoes used in naval practice and
other "objectH liable to sink In the
sea, a IVrenoh oceauographer attaches
a vessel of oil having a long and a
short, tube 1.-10 of an inch in dia
meter. When submergence softens
tbo guai seals of tubes, oil rises
from the long ono drop t by drop,
locating the Bunken object by the
Him on the water's surfaoo.
The most perfect imitation possible
of tho natural iorues at their best
has beou sought in the artificial plant
growing at the Koyal liotauiu (iar
dous, iv .London, and Mr i>. H.
Thwaite points out that tbe triple
combination of water screened arc
light, electrostatic stimulus Hud high
ly fertilizing atmosphere cun be con
trolled iv a wlderauge of experiments
to show the maximum acceleration of
growth and tho highest quality of
product. The necessary heat and
actinic light, as well as carbon diox
ide, moisture and nitrogen fertilizer
iv tbe form of ammonia sulphate, are
all derived from coal. Perfect com
bustion is insured by bringing tho
fuel into gaseous condition by a
suction gas producer, and a gas
engine gives power tor electrical
euurgy, while the water from tho
cylinder jacket supplies heat for the
glass house, and tbe exhaust gasos ure
led through earthenware pipes to the
plants, furnishing carbou dioxide,
water vapor, oxygon .and nitrogen iv
a heated condition. Tbe power, heat,
moisture and gasus are easily coii
trolled. The arc lights, with hood
and wutc-screeu, are slowly moved
to and fro along the entire length of
the glass house, and an electrostatic
machine elect! illes plants and roots
as well as the air.
The steain-cousumptiou meter pat
ented iv Germany by I*. Weller is a
small electric alternator, with a
muguet wheel built into the Bteuui
pipe, and rotated by turbine blades
fitted to its periphery. The current
generated iv tbe armature sbowt) ou
a voltmeter llui pounds of steam win
sumud pur* hour, or a train of wheels
can be urrauged to give v continuous
record. ('ouueuliou to the pressure
gauge gives variations iv the lesist
auce of the voltmeter circuit, uud
thus automatically corrects for varia
tions iv uteaui pressure.
A vegetable caterpillar from the
planting o( a truecaterpillur is among
tbo murvels of the i'luk Terrace ie
glou of New Zualaud. Killing some
tempting fungus spores on itu way
to its 11 mil burrow, tho o runt ure lit
ounuiH transformed into a wood-like
mass of tUUglia, with form uud stiuo
luro preserved. The cuterpiilar is
now a veritable Jroot, from which a
stem tiboots up a or IU inches, dropp
ing other fungus spore*.
A uew locomotive, Having 'M to !25
FRTDAV. M AItCH 13, HJUB
per cant of llio fuel Jnirnefl. would
fieoni to ho n Hiifllciont iidviinco to
forcshnJow (piito a revolution. 'J'h*
Kfotnn loCODiotUa boiler, tlio inven
tion ot ri) SDHluett ot the Impeflfll
Knllwny Mlnifltry of AuHtrm, whh first
pill; to work IU Austria lo J'ttiiiiiry,
1001, nud It la claimed thai, tlio two
(•ompiiriitlvo teats mndo Imve osliib
llfllied Hii[ifiiiority over ordiunry
Rollers of!i7'iiiid VJO.7 per cent ro
ipeotifely in conl per locomotive
mile, nud 'l'.\.C> and V.). 5 pet cent por
tou-niiio, Ot these boilers '21 ere
now |ii Operation rdil 2:> ure Imildinu,
14 ot the (oriuor unrl IT of t,li» Intter
iniiiß for Anttrinn rondg, Tho wntcr
obmnbera or ' wuter-loK» around tlio
Urn box of t.JiB old locoinotivo nre n
BOiirco of much trouble, nnd l.ho cbief
ItuproveiuQQt couHista iv replncing
Ihc.'i' liy ii Hnrlr,:-! of thin-wailed up
ri^lit tobel on OBOh Hido of the lire,
extending In hu arch to form tbe
roof of tho firebox. A steiim collector
'28 to 30 Incboa in didmetoi is plnoed
over (.In) entire luiikMi of tho boilor.
sivinu; the appenrnnca of n Ihi'ku
imilcr aurraountod by v smaller ouo.
Tho ivntor-tubo lirobox cnu be lilted
to nny locomotive, nnd this greatly
increases the ulllciericy of tbo old
enginugi
Somn Hninll frog Hot tbo speciea
known iih lihiiiiidiii'iuii ditrwlni hnve
reached Ijondon from Chili, aud lmvo
received much attention from uatural
ista. 'J.'ho tndpoles nro developed in »
very curious niunner. The iomnlo
lays about a dozen p-brs, aud these
nre immediately Bwollowed by the
rrmlo and dopositod in n pouch iv his
throat, whom they remain until
'hatched mid sufiioiently dovcloped to
emoifjo into tbo outot world. The
lack ot external Kills is n remarkable
charncteristic of tbe tad polos.
A uew wire of special advantage iv
electrical industries Is obtained by a,
Parislnn metallurgist; tbrou^b a per
fectod process of welding copper to
eteel wire. (ireat conductivity is
combined with tensile strength aud
elasticity, giving a who stronger than
copper aud smaller aud less exposed
to wind action than iron or steel of
tho Hiiinu capacity.
the nwmo know
THE SUPERIOR ■£*& ft u
QUALITIES OF^.»J4\\
SUCKERS. SUITS M fM
AND HATS Mmy
are the men who have hf
put them to the hard- /fj\
est tests in the rough- y^J^T
esLweather. A-i4s&(i
(Jet ihe original
Towers Fish "Brand **wB
made since 1836 ffl
CATALOG fffSC FOR THC AS/fMG (grim
« J. TOWER CO. BOSTON. U 4 A
TOWtn CANADIAN CO MH.TI I.' TD.OMTQ CAN
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wliolesulo Dealers and Jobbers
in Imported and Domestic!
Wines*Liquors*Ciprs
JACKSON CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. MAK
tell Coguuc, Moist &. Chaudon. White Sea<
aud I'rlvuto Cuvea Champagne; Morgan llros.
I'uerto do Saata Marlu. Sherries: Hoyut Wim
Company, Oporto, I'ort Wlnos; Dubos Frorcs,
Hordeaux. Ciurels and Suuternes ; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY, illriim Wai Uer Ai Sous, l.lni
ile.l, WitlUiTvillci. Ontario, Canada: John Uc
Kuypor & Zoon, Cottcrdam, :;iu; Gilka Kuem
mci, from J. A, Gilka, Merlin; li:irtlilooin;i\
Urewery Company, Hophestor, N. Y,, Knicker-
bocker Beer; D'J^'sbeud lirand of GuiunesK,
Stout and Huns' Alo (bottled by Read llnm..
London); Cuntrell & Coohraue, lielfust, Glukim
Ale; Naglee lirandy; Ueimoorted Americuc
Whiskies.
Special Small Ads.
Advertlsomnnts uudur tbls head, not exceed-
ing r> Hues, will be inserted at 5Uc per month, or
s centa ncr line for less thun one month.
A LL kinds or Hhuilis for U. S. Lund FllinKH—
* v Homestead, Timber uud Mineral blanks-
may be had at tbe ledger otlice; also deeds
mortgages, raining locutions, proof of labor
und other leual blanlm Ucul for sale.
Alining Signals ou cloth, required
to be pouted iu all minus, for tulle at
tbe Ledger olllce.
ii'ot Sale— Lot of benches, formerly
used in Webb hall; (i and 8 tvet long;
suitable tor Bbow place, churches, etc.
Will be sold cheap; apply ut Ledger
otlice.
Acknowledgment blunka for uotu-
rios, speciitlly printed for Amudur
county, may be bud at the Ledgei
ottlce. I'ricii fiDii per packet ut OU.
Coplim ot the licoueu ordinance ul
tbe City of Jacksou iu pamphlet form
may be had ut tbe ledger ollico; price
15c. eacb.
For Balo or Kent. — The Jobna bouts
and lot opposite slotting rink ou
liroudway utreot, Juoksou. inquire
of Wm. (i. tiuyder, Jucksou, Cal.
Cheap for oaeb.— One goutle tnnre
with buruosa complete, find light
sprluu wagon. Apply ut E. H. i'itoi.s
Juoksoii.
I'or Kent— i'wo trout roouia Iu tlio
Webb hall buildiug, >uitublu iui
otlicuu. Apply ut ledger ottlue.
Kuniibhcd Koouiu to let: inquire at
Ledger office.
The Woman Who
Disappeared.
[Copyright, mo", by K. C Pafoell*.]
Wo wen? bottnd tip the coast to Val
<ll\lii ntid Rfltltlflgo nnil had run Into a
•torm that wrecked tiio brig aloft Wo
niiidc! shift, however, to work our way
Into one of the buy* oIT Cllllofl island.
Mill thcro we spent two weekn refit-
Un«. The Island named hi about forty
Blllca off the COflßl of (.'!:'>. It is flf
tee:i tntlea In Ichgili cihd from three to
ten mllea iv breadth, and at ITIO time
I Write of wnrt not permnneutly lnbab>
ited. n \a of volcnnlc formation, but
well tvodded.
Jiißt previous to leaving London on
this voynrjo Captain Bennet! bad boon
miurled to n youiif! lady whom ho had
been court Ing for over three years*
She was the daughter of n rnnntifac 1
tuicr, ntld the mairltigo had the con
bchi iimi good wishes of her family.
Sin was v liandsouie, Intelligent girl
of tvyottty, much In love with tho cap*
tnin. and this voyhge WHS their bridal
tour. I wn.B the i.'iii)l:iln's nephoW and
second mate of the brig.
When we had anchored the brig in a
landlocked bay and began nt the re
palra tho young wife suggested a tent
under the trees ashore. A tent was erect*
ed, a few necessaries taken ushoro, and
there the happy couple spent their
bights and part of the days. During
tho daytime, If the captain was not on
board, they wandered over the island
or gathered Bhells along the beach. If
he was on board wo could see her mov
ing about or sitting under tbo trees.
We dually had tilings ready to proceed,
and the tent and the wife were to bo
brought aboard next morning, when a
Strange thing happened. Captain I?en
uett had been with us all the after
noon, going ashore # about G o'clock In
the evening. An hour later wo wore
nodded that the wife was missing.
It did not seem a thing of much ac
count to mo when I went ashore at his
call. I myself had seen the woman as
late as l\ o'clock. She had been cau
tioned not to wander too far, but had
been a bit heedless. I had no doubt
that she would bo found within the
hour and that we should all have a
good laugh over the incident. The only
direction she could take from the "tent
was due west, where a narrow valley
led inland. The captain had gone a
mile In this direction and shouted her
name and got no reply. We now hur
ried along until we had covered dou
ble that distance, and we shouted at
the top of our voices, but no answer
came to our hails. We followed the
valley, winding and turning, for a dis
tance of two miles and then returned
to the beach for men and lanterns.
The disappearance was a strange
thing. The woman could not have lost
her way. She could have gone in only
one direction. She had only to turn in
her tracks to come back to the start
ing point. We had been there two
weeks and had not seen a stranger
about. Eight of us, provided with lan
terns or torches, divided into four par
ties and began a new search. One
party went up the beach, another down,
and Cue other two followed the valley
to its end. It began or ended in a
basin of about an acre In extent. This
basin was shut in by rooky hills and
pretty well covered with bushes. We
had brought a musket along, and for
an hour we shouted and fired by turns.
No reply did we get. Then we returned
to see what luck the others had met
with. There was not much to hope for.
The beaches were short, and no one
aboard the ship had seen the missing
woman strolling up or down. When
we reached the tent it was to find that
the other searches had been in vain.
Then the captain said:
"My wife has wandered to a dis
tance, nnd in climbing some hills, per
haps after a rare (lower, she has met
with a fall. She may bo lying dead, or
she may have been so badly hurt that
she cannot call out in answer. I shall
continue the search the night through."
There was no one who did not pity
the man. AYe had a crew of fourteen,
and, leaving only two men aboard as
an anchor watch, the rest of us re
newed the search. We went on the
idea that the woman must have climb
ed the hills at some point. Six of us
took one side of the valley and six the
other, and wo examined every spot
with the minutest care. Wherever it
seemed possible for a woman to have
climbed up we sent a man. We looked
for broken branches; we looked to see
if patches of moss had been disturbed;
we looked for fragments of her dress
clinging to briers. Not until daylight
came and we wera thoroughly exhaust
ed and discouraged was there any let
up. Then \vi> returned to the ship for
breakfast and a brief iost. The cap
tain sat down under a tree ashore.
When morning came again he had
made up his mind what to do. The
brig could no ' longer bo detained.
Stores sulllcient to last a man for many
weeks were landed, and she was sent
on her way in charge of the mate. At
Valdlviu be was to arrange for some
native craft to come and tako the cap
tain off. lie would remain and prose
cute the search until the mystery was
solved, and ho would allow no one to
remain with him.
It was three months later when the
captain was taken off. Hla ago was
only thirty, but ho looked like a man
of fifty. Ho was gray haired and l>ont
and wrinkled. lie had gone over evory
foot of the island twico and three
times over, and he had not found so
much as a shred of his wife's dress.
Not a bush nor a rock nor a gully had
escaped him. Not a thicket but .that
he had searched on hands and knees.
Not a foot of beach had been left un
watched for what tho tide might bring.
She had simply disappeared oft Chloe
Island, and to this daj no one knows
how.
ESTABLISHED IS.V>.
THE
AMADOR LEDGER
0 ,
Published in the Center of the Richest
Mother Lode Gold Belt;
Printed every Friday Afternoon.
R, Wkiui, Editot* and Proprietor. M. F. Calkins, Business Mana#et
Tlxe Old.est
IMlost IrLf l\a.en.tieil •
IMlost TTT'id.elTr Oirc-u-latsd.
And 0n.13r IFrlrvt
Paper published in Aniador County.
The Best Advertising Medium
Republican is politics
But the slave of no party
And the foe of all political and Official Cliques and Rings
Free and Independent in the discussion of all matters pertaining to
to the Local Government
Fearless in the ventillation and exposure of Official Wrong Doing
The Paper for the Family
For the Farmer
For the Miner
For the Merchant and Business Man
For the Taxpayers anil Citizens Generally
Two Dollars per year
If paid strictly in advance; otherwise §2.50 will be charged.
OUR CLUBBING KATES:
Lodger and Dally Cull, one year. B 900 Leader and Weekly Chicago In-
Lec'gor and Weekly Call one year 320 T t^' Cao ' an • • ■•••••
, , Lid ger and Cosmopolitan Maga-
Lecror and Daily Chronicle, one /slue onu year 2'
y eav - 9 00 Lodger and McCall's Magazine, 1
Lee per nd Weekly Chronicle, year, including free pattern.. .. 2£ 0
ono year 3 00 Ledger and Pandex of the Press 2 7-i
Ledger and Daily Examiner lyear 9 00 Ledger and Pictorial Review. ... 2 s*i
Our Job Printing Department
Is tho most Complete to bo found int the mountains.
Up-to-date presses, Simplex Typesetting Machine, Folder, Perforating
Machine, Numbering and Punching Machines.
We buy our paper stcck from Manufacturers at Bottom prices-
Billheads, Letter Heads, Statements.
Pamphlets, Posters, Dodders,
Checks, Receipts, Ta«;s,
Business anil Visiting Cards,
Programs, Etc.
All kinds'of LegaNßlanks, Briefs and Transcripts printed promptly and
neatly. In short, we can do anything In the printing line
We Can an Do Compete with City Prices.
If vou hav anything in the printing line, don't send it away but pat
ronize homo Industry
M. QUAD
78
- _ ....i ."'
W§r : & : - V ■ - ■■■',-■
: '.■j;-'->.--\ ; <'.■ : : : > : . v ■■ .. ' :■■.:;;;;;.;.;'::.■■.. .. ■ ; ■:■:■ .'.;' .: '■'■' \y~'j. -:y. :":■■: ':'•'•'■£*''.■''- ■'•'■:&'"? ?,is.-:-?,\''y.'ty -'■■'■• ' ~ : 'V:f\*&.y.y.v'. ' ' ■■•:'■■'■ ■' l^-.."-^.'i-^<>;-jC..'.;-:-;^.--:-. . :: : r ; .^°' : .:-. .[■•::-:■.■■■. . ■':-..^y<-:-y-;\-_ v...-.-- ■ '■■ ■'" '■'- ' " ■ ■'■':'■> ' ■" ■
! . • •
TELE6RAI: " San Francisco, Cal., March 7, '08.
W. H. Brown, National Hotel, Jackson, CaL
At a meeting held by the Directors, they voted to advance the
price of all unsold lots on the City Naples Beach April Ist, ten per cent
Will mail new price list Saturday. J. C. LITTLEPAGE, Sec'y.
Thousands of mechanics will be building homes by June Ist.
. SEE AEENTS,
At the NATIONAL HOTEL, JACKSON. 1
AMADOU LKnGKW, JACKSON, CAL.