OLDEST PAPER
LARGEST CIRCULATION
It Pay* the Business Man to Adver
Kstablished October 27, 1855.
LAWYERS.
WM.»O. SNYHKIt,
Attnrn«y.at-I.aw,
JACKSON, CAL.
Office In Mnrntta Building, Court utroot.
Will practice in nil tho courts of tho state, fe
DOCTORS.
"Cl K. KNMCOTT, M. 1).
riiynlclAit Anil Surgeon
Jackson, Uai»
office: Wobb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all tlinos,
|-|lt. FIIKI) F. SPItAOUE
Physician »inl Surgeon . •
JACKSON, CAL.
OFFIOR-Next door to residence, north Main
street, opposite California hotel.
Telephone Main 32
-pvll. A. M. OAIX
Physician and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal
Offloo In Marelia building. Main Street.
CII. UIHBONB M. I>.
riiyaliUmi iwul Surgeon
Jackson, Cal.
•Offlco and residence: Wotl building.
Officr HoDBs:-3t04 p. m. and whenevor
■not otherwise onßagod. Telephone Main iO.
T> S. OOODMAN M I>.
Physician and Surgeon
Sutter Creek, Cal.
t-vu. l. «. lynch
Physician and SurJteon
•m, i Office, Main 25
, Rosldence, Main 27
Amador City, Cal.
D F. WALKICR. M. I>.
Practice limited to U Isoases ot
EYE, EAR, NOSE and THROAT
•Office— 7-8. Baldwin Bldg.. (over Smith & Lang's
STOCKTON, CAL. l?31
DENTISTS.
; ~ "
-Tvlt. J. I). FOGARTY.
OentUt,
t JACKSON, CAL.
omccs in Kay Building, Main street.
Hours oto 5. . Telephone Black 303
r\K, JOHN A. DKLUCCIII
DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office Hours:— From 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
■niCHARU WKBII
United States Commissioner
-■
JACKSON CAL.
.
Will attend to Homostoad and other tilings;
taking of tlnal proofs and all other Land
Business.
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
The A. Van derNailen School
Of Civil, Electrical Mining Engineering, etc.
ESTABLISHED 1564.
Occupying their own largo bulluini.', work-
shop und laboratories.
Great demand for ex-students in all linos.
Now students should enroll at once.
TELEGRAPH AND 51st,
OAKLAND. CAL. niylB
Send for Catalogue.
1.. ORTTINGER 8. K. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Sutter Creek. Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
.ill kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
utiortest notice. Wo doslre to oall the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in iron to tho
faotthat we keep constantly on band a largo
tud complete stook of bar, rennoU and Norway
we wlu
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street. Jackson
Dealor ln —
4MIERICIR WATCHES. CLOCKS JEMRY*
AND SILVERWARE
«4 All goods warranted as represented
Impairing ot watches. Clocks and Jowolry
kpeotaltv.
Amador Ledger.
- p
JACKSON. AMADOU COUNTY. CALIFORNIA, FlttlUv. AUGUST 7. 11108.
LOOKS LIKE FOUL MURDER
OF A SIGHTLESS MAN
Ella Krevo Found Dead With a Bullet Hole in His Head, at
Cabin Near Argonaut Mine.
A email frame building on the wost
eldo at the Keuuedy grado, on the
Muldoon groimd nnd a abort distance
from tho Argonaut mini), was the
scene of a shocking tragedy on Friday
evening last. In this dwelling by
the rniidnidn dwelt three brothers and
a sister, an Austrian family. I'he
brothers were Ella, Marco and Goorge
Krevo, and the sistor Kal.n Krevo.
The latter is about sereuteen years
old, nnd was the housekeeper for the
establishment. They bud occupiod
thla building tor nearly two yoars.
Most of the time tho three men had
worked at the Argonaut miiio. (Jnorgo
and Muruo are wtiU employes at that
mine. .Klin, the deceased had work
ed tbere up to a few months back,
when be met with two mishaps, which
placed him permanently on the dis
abled list. First, he was caught by a
blast, the flying debris injuring him
about the face. The effect of this was
an impairment of his sight. lie re
turned to work, but two or three
months back another mistcrtnnn over
took him. A piece of steel struck
him in the eye— the optic which was
the least damaged by the previous
accident— completely destroying the
sigbt of that eye. Since this mis
fortune be had been unable to work,
being nearly blind, with the dim
vision remaining growing gradually
dimmer, foreshadowing total blind
ness at no very distant date. Elia
was the eldest of tho brothers, being
!J5 years of age, and had been a resi
dent of this country, and mostly of
this county for the past twelve years,
lie was able to speak English fairly
well, ami also to sign his name.
After his double misfortune he con
tinued to live with bis brothers as
before, was looked alter by them, and
received some money support from
the Austrian benevolent Society, of
which be was a member. The broth
ers and sister seemed to get along
happily enough, until the last few
weeks. It is said Elia became rather
despondent at time?, brooding over
the total darkness that be knew was
impending, remarking that lie might
aa well be dead as blind. beyond
this despondent mood, be never gave
any intimation of suicide.
O> late according to report, the
love affairs of the sister Kate seem to
have (taused a break in the harmony
of the family. On Thursday, July
2nd, she left for Oakland, it is said
to meet a young man who bad pro
mised to marry her. She returned
the following Sunday failing to sco
the young man. On the following
Tuesday she applied to the district
attorney's office tor a warrant of
arrest tor a man named Paul Klicliau,
on a charge of foloniuus ussault. A
warrant on a battery cliargo was
given, and the accused is out on
bonds awaiting examination and trial.
Ibis pending case divided the
brnthorn and sister into two factions^
Elia wanted the mutter settled with
out a public trial; the sister refused
to have it settled in that way, and the
other brothers appeared to side with
her.
Klin Murdered.
between nine and ton o'clock Fri
day night quite an excitement was
causbd on Main street, on account of
Miss Katu Krevo running crying iuto
town, reporting that bei brother Klia
had been killed, or rutber Unit she
had heard shots. Jt sueuis she brought
the news to town, fully a mile dis
tant, instead of going to the Argon
aut mine, only a few hundred yards
away. She ran into Nettle & Giver's
store, and tell exhausted after telling
her story. \V. J. Nettle, superin
tendent of the Argonaut, was in tho
store at the time. Jie took tiio girl
to his borne on litoadv/ay, and theu
got a team from tho stable, .nnd in
com puny with J. (iarbariui, stated
for the scene of the inuider. I'hey
were tho llrst to see the victim after
the alarm. The body lay on a slight
embuukmout a few toot from the rear
part of the bonne, it wua utretoued
under a tree, in the spot whiah de
ceased bad selected as a sleeping
place during the hoated spell of the
preceding mouth. He was fully
dressed except ttiat the feet were
bare. The body was stretched ut
lull length ou ita back, the bead to
ward the east, and the loot toward the
house. both huudu rusted upou the
übdonieu, outside the blanket cover
ing, one bund a little above the other,
but not clumped nor mooting at any
point. He appeared to be sleeping.
An examination showed a bullet hole
in the right ear, from which the
blood was still issuing, showing that
Hit) wound had been inflicted but a
short time beiore. No pistol or
other weapon was found. The posi
tion of the body, and the absence of
any woapou to, account for the
wound, at once created the impres
sion that a foul murder bad been
committed upon a sightless man, ap
parently without an enemy in the
world.
Coroner 11. E. Potter came over
Saturday, and impanelled a jury con
sisting of the following: J. M. (Jar
bariui, 11. E. Stowers, F. (Jarbarini,
hi. W. Kelly, M. Ford, K. Webb" W.
U. Dufrene, S. Harris, VV. M. Peury,
jr., N. Marelia, E. R. (jardiner.
After viewing the body the inquest
w.is postponed until Monday, to en
able the surgeons to make an autopsy,
and report the results.
Coroner's Inquest.
The coroner's inquisition was held
in the supervisor's room Monday
evening. VV. E. Doan taking j the
testimony in shorthand, and L, J.
(JSlavinovich acting as interpreter for
the Austrian witnesss, the district
attorney asking the questions.
Ueoige Krevo, brother of deceased,
testiiled that he with bis brother
Marco, the deceased, and sister Kate,
had occupied the house where the
tragedy occurred for the last twenty
one months. Saw deceased last alive
on Friday,^July 31, at supper time;
witness was employed at the mine on
day shift. His brother Marco was on'
night shift, and left for his work
about Uvt) o'clock that evening. Wit
ness left homo about ten or fifteen
minutes after six that evening . for
town; left deceased and .sister in the
bouse as usual, talking; J'Jlija was
well, but his sight was poor; he bad
been talking souio about the trouble
bis sister hud with a party, and ad
vised that it bo settled; deceased told
him be was afraid to stay in flint
place, that they had no wood, aud it
were better to change: never asked
him why he wanted to leave, but told
him he knew no one to be afraid of.
He was in the habit of talking that
way since be lost his sight; knew of
no one that had any grievance
against deceased; his brother Marco
had deceased's money, about $(J5, did
not know where ho kept it; after
leaving home went to Kadonich's
place aud while tbere was told by one
Daboviob that Elia was shot; went
home ,at once, but did not go to
the spot where the body lay, until
the sheriff came; could see body from
iuside the room looking through the
window; also from a rear doorway;
it was lying on a slight bank behind
tho bouse, aud under a tree, where
he had been accustomed to sleep;
did not go to the body when tho
ofiicers arrived; neither be nor his
brother Marco ever hud any quarrel
with deceased; never knew of any
quarrel between deceased aud sister,
they baa no quarrel on the night he
met bis death; never heard deceased
insist that Kate settle the trouble she
bad; beard bis sistor say she would
not settle it. There was a rifle and
revolver kept in the house; revolver
belonged to deceased; had seen it a
tew days before his brother's death;
had looked everywhere for it since,
but could not find it: looked all
around the house, but not toward the
water ditch.
Katie was away for three or four
duys; she returned, home a week ago
last Sunday: she. went with Mrs Uei
molies, did not know where she
went, but she said she was in Oak
land; all the brothers contributed
mouoy tor her trip.
Marco Krovo testified that he left
ticmo Friday evening last to go to
work at ten minutes past 5; took
supper before he left; tbe three
brothers and sistor wore present;
sister cooked tho supper; bad to cut
meat foi IOIIh, aud wait ou him other
wise, on aocouut ot failing sight he
could not *sco people iv daylight.
Deoeaaoci talked about the trouble.said
he hoard Kate talking with man iv
the roadway for twenty minutes; he
also uaid it was an unlucky bouse aud
they bud bettor move away, that he
hud lout hls'sight, and did nut like
to live there; said it would bo better
for Kate to settle tho trouble; witness
replied that if the girl was right,
butter go ahead) saw a pistol in tho
lioii-m ulionl, fifteen days botoie; it
was n big plstcl, 41 caliber, saw no
sheila that night; didn't know
whnthor deceased hud any money on
his person; hnd BUS of hia money, it
was in wituefes' trunk; had no mnuev
in bank now; kept 8500 there until
this trouble arose, never shot the
pistol; Homo sholls were produced
and he recognized thorn ac liko thoso
aeon in the house that fitted pistol;
never saw deceased kiss his Bister ou
retiring for the night; never heard
brother say he was afraid if be stayed
there some one would kill him; did
not Kiispiciou anyono of killing him;
El in was not homo all that day; he
went to town to draw hia check of
850 from the society; witness return
ed home about 11 o'clock on being
told of what had occurred, tbo body
was lying iv tho house at that time,
but be did not know it, thought it
bad been taken to town; did not
know otherwise until tbreo o'clock
next morning; Elia had been sleeping
outside under tbe tree for 15 or 'JO
dave; retired about H:3O usually; did
not believe he committed suicide
but that be was murdered; he might
have killed himself but some one
took away the revolver; no one was
keeping company with his aistor.
4 Dr. E. E. Kudicott testified that ho
made an autopsy, assisted hy Dr.
(Jail; found a bullet wound in the
right ear; penetrating tbe skull, the
bullet was split into four pieces;
three pieces ranging downward, and
lodging near the jaw; the other lodg
ing near tbe point of eutrauce; de
ceased died lrom nervous shook
caused by wound; found no powder
marks about the wound; in bis
opinion tbe wound could not have
been inflicted by tbe deceased.
j \V. J. Nettle said he was one of
the first to roach the scene ot tragedy
after the alarm; found deceased lying
apparently asleep, under tho troe in
tbe rear of house; blood was issuing
from the wound when he got tbere;
did not touch tbe body, and could
not tell whether it was cold or not;
tho shot that caused death could not
have been fired from inside the
bouse, but by a person on tbe south
of the viatim; deceased had called
on him at the Argonaut mine on
day of bis death, and aksed him to
try and see his sister aud settle the
trouble.
The jury after deliberating return
ed a verdict that deceased came to
his death from a gunshot wound in
tho'rlgbt ear, inflicted by some party
or parties unknown.
Kate Krevo, who is supposed to
have been the solo occupant of tbe
premises outside of the victim at tbe
time of the homicide, was not ex
amined. It is thought she knows much
about it. She has been at the Cilobe
hotel since tho fatal night, and no
one permitted outside of the officials
to converse with her; It is hoped to
got the story of the shooting from her
lips, but so far little has beeu ac
complished iv that direction; while
the brothers iu'tcstifyiug wore uucon
fused in tbe least, yot they loft the
iaipreasiou that thoy were not telling
all.
The victim was buried in tbe
Greek cemetery ou Monday afternoon,
the Key. T. H. Nicholas, ot tho M. E.
I'linrcli, officiating, in the absence of
t. lit* (Jreek priest. The funeral was
under tbe direction of the local
Miners' Union, of which daoeased
was a member.
Granulated Sore Eyes Cured.
"For twenty years 1 suffered from
v bad case of gi'HUulatod soie eyes,
Bi>vs Martin liuyil of Henrietta. Ky.
"In February, 100H, a gentleman
naked me to try Chamberlain's Salve.
1 bought one box and need about two
thirds of it aud my eyes bavo not
given me any troublo since." This
Halve is tor sale by Jucksou's dtug
store, Spaguoll, prop.
Military Roll.
Accordiug to tho Juw the assessor
of each county has to report each
your to the military authorities the
names ot all able meu iv the county.
This list is made up from the poll
tux leceipts. Ah payment for this
work he is allowed five cents per
nume. His bill ugaiuut tbe county
was 1133. 00. malting 2070 men be
tween tbe ages ot tweuty-oue and
sixty, liable tor military duty at a
moment's cull. Tho report will be
sent to brigadier Ueneral Koster a
tho Presidio in Hun Fruucieuo.
Dlsaareeable at Home.
Lots of men aud women who are
Hgrooable with otnorn, get "cranky"
at home. Its not disposition, Ita tbo
liver. If you find iv yourself that
you feel cross around the house, little
tilings worry you, juxt buy a buttle ot
ilullurd'u llfi'biun and put your liver
in t'hapo. You and everybody around
you will teel better for It. Price 50
oiuits per Dottle. Bold by Mubtjor'u
City Pharmacy.
Shooting Scrape In Amador City.
Aa the result of a shooting scrape
in Amador City last Sunday night,
Angolo Caaazza, one of the parti
cipants, haa liiH linad tied tip and tils
mm bandaged, while numerous
Htitcbes had to he taken to close tbe
dozen or more cuts from a revolver
and pocket knife wielded hy Cum Ho
lioHHi. The light occuirod about mid
night in tbe hoiißO of 111 repute uoar
Amador. Caeazza la eaid to be of a
quarrelsome nature, but Rossi la re
ported to be peaceably disposed,
avoiding trouble at all times. It
seems the two were spending tbe
ovening, and had been drinking free
ly. CasazzD had beeu bothering Kossl
during tbe entire time and had been
warnod repeatedly by the bartender
to desist or he would be obliged to
put him out. During the conversa
tion Casazza exhibited a revolver.
One of the bystandors asked to boo it
and without the knowledge of tbe
owner extracted tho shells, returning
it empty. Casazza became so trouble
some that it was found necessary to
put him out of the house. He return
ed, however, in a few minutes and
started after Rossi in a threatening
manner. Seated at a table were a
number of men, including tbe bar
tender, playing cards. Tbe bartender
expecting trouble bad placed a re
volver in liih pocket earlier in tho
evening, and while ho was sitting at
the table it was protruding from his
pocket, Kossi had. evidently taken
particular notico of it, as he was un
armed, for be grabbed this gun from
tbe bartender and commenced to
shoot at Casazza. The latter drew
bis gun but found it empty. Rossi
emptied bis gun, two of the bullets
striking Casazza on top of the head
taking a little of bis scalp. One of
them ploughed a furrow along tbe
top of the skull. Another bullet
struck him in the left arm. Casazza
continued to approach Rossi, so when
tbe revolver was empty tbe latter
pulled out bis pocket knife and com
menced to slash his opponent, inflct
ing in all nearly fifteen wounds, one
of them being across tbe band, where
lie grahbed the blade. It was all
done so quickly tbat there was little
time for interference until then.
Monday morning Rossi came to
Jackson to see about having Casazza
arrested, but he himself was thrown
into jail. Constable Tuttle of Sutter
Creek was notified and immediately
wont to Amador City to place Casazza
under arrest. Ho was biought over
that afternoon and placed in jail to
await examination.
Hospital Report.
Admitted: — Thos. Elliot, a native
of England, Co years of age; Carlo
Rossi, Italy, (J7; Wm (Jranville, Kng
laud, 51; Kobert Kobertu, Hcottland,
38; ZT Justus, aged 59; John Dox
obeus, Holland, 75.
Uiachargod : — Z T Justus.
KeuiuinhiK August 1, 42.
Church Notes.
Order of services ut the Methodist
Episcopal church aa tollows: Sun
day school at 10 a. va., preaching ser
vices evnry Sunday to eomaieuce at
11 a. di. and 1 :'M p. m., prayer
mfieting every Wednesday at 7:30 p.
iv. Ihi) public is cordially iuvited to
attend these services.
WOMEN'S WOES.
Jackson Women Are Finding Re-
lief at Last.
it does seem that women have more
than a fair share of tbe aobes and
pains chat nlllidt humanity; they
must "keep up," must attend to
duties iv spite of constantly aching
backs, or headaahes, dizzy spells,
bearing-down puius; they must stoop
over, when to stoop means torture.
They must walk aud bond aud work
with racking pains and many acbes
from kiduey ills. Kidneys cause
more suffering than any other organ
(if tho body. Keep the kidneys well
and health is easily maintained. Head
of a remedy for kidneys only that
helps aud cures the kidneys and is
endorsed by peuple you know.
Mrs C. Williams, living ou Pitt
street, Jackson, Cul., gays: "1 have
used Dtmu'H Kidney Pills and am
glad to suy that they act as represent
ed. When 1 commenced their use, 1
was in a vory bad way as the result
from kiduoy trouble. Doan'a Kidney
Pills wore brought to my attention,
1 proourod a box at the City Phar
macy aud begun their use. My kid
neys are now in lino condition aud 1
foel better in every way."
For ealo by all dealers. Prico 50
eanU. b'oator-Mllburu Co., buffalo,
Now York, holo agents tor the United
Sliilcs. Kemembtu' the lmuio— Doana'
— uud tukeu no. other
Ueoeipt books, locatiou blanks,. deeds
mortgages, promissory notes, eto.
for sale; also mining siguals ou
cloth, graduation diplomas, ut tbe
Ledger otlice
You <an 4te£>y<ttjrf* > UiMheMls, f
Loiter. Tloads, etc., printed jil'
tho Ledger' for leas tban-Vpii
can buy blank ,f»Ujr.lr,fc>r-(Tls#' '
where. **"*»». •■ -, _ < r~""*'
THY TT.
Five Cents Per Copy.
Hotel Arrivals
National-Thurßday: Mrs Mason,
Defender; John Jirnurn, Jameßtowu;
FJi Wiuchell, Wm Hosr, II A linn
toll, Han Francisco; C Toklae, Her
keley; R Williams, Sun Jose,
Fridny-ll Uleckfeld, Chaa Hire
aud wife, Hun Krauolsoo; A V Men
denhnll, Mra 11 I! Livermoro, Oak
laud; Mrs Deaver, 0 Lay, Colorado;
Mr Wbittey, Cirand Junction; 8 J
I'earce, Amador City.
Saturday— Walter X Yost, Stockton;
Mra kl 0 Haker, Miss Kate Uruhb,
Electra; I'bll Mendelsohn, San Fran
cisco; J O Fognrty, \V X Carrigau. W
11 . Fogarty, Oakdalo; J O'Counell,
Han Audreas; W Kerr, Angels.
(Sunday — L E KndiiH, Madera; Frank
J Warden, 11 X Wienicke, M J Jlaber,
W L Wales, (3 D Curry, San Fran
cisoo; VV E Esken, J M Foutenrose,
Electra.
Monday — II Van Orden, Sau Fran
cisuo; Will Connors and VI jurors.
Tuesday— A J Zadig, Harrison
ilousewortb, J P Randolph, If F
Thompson, San Francisco; Henry W
Arnold, Sacramento; U J5 Crout,
Ogden; Charles Webber, Stockton.
Wednesday— Mary Tayloi, linker h-
Held; E F McLeod, X McNamara, C
F Hanson, S V Hurner, A U Seol, V
S Nevins, C JB Gordon and wite, E P
Eldred, San Francisco; Frank Har
net, Oakland; \V H Willis, truitvale;
A V Simpson, Stockton.
Globe— Thursday : Jas McUrlde,
Daniel Shelley, Sacramento; F 15
Joyce, Defender; J J Williams, Ray
mond Adams, Liodi; Edgar Ekel,
Camancbe; Geo JLieve, Barney Levy,
San Francisco; W Ludekens, Pine>
Grove.
Friday— T J French, Mra French,
Oleta; Mrs C Con in, Campo Seco.
Saturday— John Kkel, Plymouth;
Miss J! Mohiuney, Miss V M Kelly,
lone.
Monday— Ed iiryaut,J A Maestretti,
lone; Mr McLaue, A W Kimball, De
fender; James JLowry, N T Williams,
Pine Grove; Louis Uri tilth, H Jame
son, 11 E Potter, S M Sharp, Ply
mouth; John Sharp, Oleta; J W
White, Sam Pearce, Amador City; It
H Kagley, lone; li A Farmer, Stock
too; Eva Chirm, Camp Seco; J Me-
Sorley, Oakland.
Tuesday— X Martin, Sutter Creek;
Geo I'j Allen, Sau Francisco.
Wednesday— Geo D' Stewart, 'James
Nevens, Geo P Cates, Sacramento;
Mr and Mrs J McClary, Oleta; G
Carnisa. D Dallera, San Francisco.
Chronic Diarrhoea Relieved.
Mr. Edward K. Homy, with tbe
United .States Express Co., Chioago,
writes, "Our general superintendent,
Mr Quick, nauded ma a bottle of
Chamberlain's colic, cholera and
diarrhoea remedy some time ago to
cheok an attack of tbe old chronic
diarrhoea. I have used it since that
time and cured many on our trains
who have been sick. 1 am an old
soldier who served with Kutherford
H. Hayes and William McKinuley
four years in the 23rd Ohio Kegimont,
and have no ailment except chronic
diarrbooa, whiob this remedy stops
at onoe. " For sale by Jackson's
drug btore, Spagnoli, prop.
School Matters.
W. 11. (Jreenhalgb, superintendent
of schools, filed his [report Monday
with tho board of supervisors stating
that he would require ?15,:i:i0 for
school purposes for the ensuing year.
This is at the rate of 87 for every
school child in the county. The ex
penses of the schools amount to more
thun this so tbe board has found it
necessary to allow more than the
minimum in the past. Ibis will be
decided next mouth when the tax rate
is lixed.
Attorney-general Webb has recently
interpreted the law in regards to
counting post graduate students
among the daily average attendance,
and has ruled tbat this cannot pc
done. This will probably create a
great doal of trouble as most ot the
county superintendents bud tiled
their reports with the state super
intendent before the ruling was
made. Tbe county superintendents
of schools bieannial convention has
just been called by the state super
intendent Hyatt, to meet ut Taboo
Tavern on September lltli. W. Ji.
Cireeuhalgb expects to be among
tho.;o present.
Diarrhoea Cured
"My father iias fur years Leon
troubled with diarrbooa. aud tried
every moans possible to effect a oure,
without avail," writes Jobu 11. Zirkle
ot Philiupi, W. Va. "He saw Cbum
berluiu'a oolic, oolera and diarrbooa
remedy advertised in the Ptulippi
Kopublicuu uud decided to try it.
The result is one bottle cured him
and he has not suffered with tho dis
ease for eighteen mouths, befoie
taking this remedy ho was a constant
sulferor. He is uuw lanQd uud well,
aud although sixty years old, can do
as much work ax v youug man." Sold
by Juukuou's diug store, Spuguoli,
ptoii.2
AMADDR LEDGEJ?
Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEBB Editor and Proprietor
M. V. CALKINS '. Business Manager
, SUBSCRIPTION BATES:
OD.,ear(,nß<lO D .,ear(,n ß<l v ft nc. « 00
One year (If not in adr»nce) > w
Six months 1 ""
Three months * 0 fi"
One or more copies, eaoh 0 6
Legal nilvort l s lnp— per sqasie of 2.1 1 urns -Ki r« t Innertlon II 00
dubaeauent Insertions— pc : muare-caoh 60
RN2KRKD AT THE POSTOmCE AT JACKSON AS SBOOND-CLASB MATTKIt.
TWTC PAPT3R 1S k °P t on nle ftt M. O. DAKK'S AdvertlMnß Agnney. 779 Market Rtreet
1 niO X/ircil gnu Francisco, California, where contracts for adrartUlnK eon b« rmulr
for It,
CITY OFFICIAL PAPER.
FRIDAY '. AUGUST 7, 1008
THE CONFESSION BUSINESS.
There is urgent need ef more rigid and definite laws in
regard to the method of procuring so-called confessions from
persons accused of crime, and the use of such confessions as
evidence before a trial jury, not merely against himself but
also against co-defendants. Instances are constantly cropping
up in the courts tending to show the necessity of reform in
this respect. As the law now stands, a confession to be ad
mitted in evidence must be freely and voluntarily made, with
out promise of reward or inducement of any kind. This is
all right in theory, and if the law were adhered to in its
spirit as well as the letter there would be little room for com*
plain. But there is often a wide gulf between theory and
practice. Prosecuting officers, in their zeal to secure the
conviction of those accused of crime, are apt to overstep the
bounds. In this county last week the major part of the
time consumed in a criminal trial was taken up in an ex
haustive inquiry into the manner in which an alleged con
fession was obtained, so as to enable the court to determine
whether or not the confession should be used as evidence
against the defendant confessor. The solution of this side
issue involved nearly as much expense as the trial proper.
The Ruef affair in San Francisco graft prosecution is another
case in point. The course of the officials in extorting con
fessions from the gang of boodlers and dealing out immunity
contracts, and afterwards repudiating some of them, has done
much towards discrediting the prosecution in the minds of
the people. There is no question had the officials pursued a
straight and honorable path, they would have accomplished
more in the actual punishment of offenders, and at the same
time have retained the confidence and support of the public.
But they fell into devious ways, which are regarded as re
pugnant to our conceptions of law and morality, and as sub
versive of good government as the schemes of the boodling
gang. Officials are but the instruments of the people. It
is no part of their duty to compromise their constituents by
veering in the slightest degree from our highest ideals of
morality. Crime must be ferijetted out and offenders pun
ished. We believe the surest way to that end is by such cou
duct toward the accused as will awaken *in the public m>ind
the utmost faith in the prosecution. Duplicity, trickiness.,
or misrepresention of any kind may well be dispensed with
in dealing with parties accused of wrong. Better from the
prosecution's standpoint that a defendant be accorded every
right to which he is entitled under the law, freely and volun
tarily at every stage of the proceedings from his arrest to his
final conviction or discharge. If some simple rule to that end
were adopted and made indispensible in every case it would
be a step in the right direction, and furthermore would prove
an aid rather than a stumbling-block in the punishment of
evildoers.
Hearst has succeeded in launching his independent party
fnto the presidential race, with Hisgen of Massachusetts for
president, and Graves of Georgia for vice-president. The new
party movement will draw from the democrats more than the
republicans. It was Bryan's hope that the independents
would indorse his candidacy, and one delegate attempted to
make a motion to that effect, and was unceremoniously ex
pelled. Hearst is playing foxy. He might have had the
nomination, buf preferred that some one else make the run
ning for the initial heat. He knows the showing will be
small anyway. But his aim is to break up the democratic
party, by demonstrating the utter futility of trying any
louger to elect a president on that ticket. He proposes to
canvass personally in the South — hitting democracy in its
vital spot. With a break-up of the solid south, tho demo
cratic party would be put out of business. When this is au
accomplished Hearst will likely want to be a candidate for
president. Our democratic friends, in their wrath, want to
make out that Hearst is hired to split the democracy this
year. Nothing of tho kind. He is simply working out his
AMADOK LEDGEItt JACKBOB, CALIFORNIA .
Tho Kind You Ilavo Always Bought, and wlilch has boon
In uso for over 30 years, lias borno tho signature of
— and has been mado under his per-
fs j£J&Jty'?~jf u * Bonal supervision slnco Its infancy.
\4taf7%/'eUc/U4i Allow no ono to deceive you iu this.
All Counterfeits, Imitations and««Just-as-good M aro but
Experiments that trifle with and endanger tho health of
Infants and Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castorla Is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It Is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphino nor other Narcotic
substance. Its ago is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Fcverishncss. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
aud Flatulency. It assimilates tho Food, regulates tho
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
Tho Children's Panacea— Tho Mother's Friend*
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
jj Bears tho Signature of
The Kind You Have Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THI OCNTAUR OOUMNV, TT MUMMY .TBItT, HCW VORK CrTY.
BACK EAST CHEAP
Low Rate Summer Excursion Tickets sold to Eastern
points on these dates:
July 21, 22, 23, 28, 29.!
August 17, 18, 24 and 25. |
September 15 and 16. g
Sept. 23, 24, 25, to Kansas City only. 1
Hero are some of the rates: 1
Omaha - - - % 60,00 I
Council Bluffs - - " 60 - 00 1
Kansas City - - - 60.00 |
Chicago - - - - 72.50 |
St. Louis .... 67.50 I
New Orleans ... 67.50 ||
Washington - - - 107.50 1
Philadelphia - - - 108.50 |
New York - - - 108.50 |
Tickets sold on July dates good for 90 days; those |
sold August and September good until October 31. |
Stopovers and choice of routes going and coming. §
i
See nearest agent for details. |
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. I
m * fi
-^~i~v^ — DEALERS IN "^ fiM
1 >kL General Merchandise |
H a©" Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoos, fife?
M ffisb Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining Ea
H )\ Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, m
m Grain, etc., etc. M
p2Q
M| Corner Main and Water St. M
I JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA i
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weekly for the Ledger.
(vorkabop' Northern Lights.— Fore-
CRBtitig Earthquakes and Explos
ions.—The Power Hint inn Knglne.
-Voice Writing. — (Jus Enginos for
Canals. — Hharp Eleotrotyptts.— Our
White Uoal.—lJloocl Tells.
To produce the aurora boreal is
artificially has been recently found
to bo possible, and now r. Villard
has performed the experiment betore
the French Physical Society and do
soribed the method. A large vacuum
flask being placed between tho poles
of an eleotro-maguot, a stream of
kathode rays is shot into the flask in
a direction oblique to the magnetic
Hold. The iiij-H tnke tbo form of a
luminous spiral, and near each pole
of the maguet the spiral is nearly re
versed, taking a backward course.
On account ot the axes nt the spirals
being slightly inclined to that of the
Bold, they givo rise to a spboroidal
surface with an axis coinciding with
that of tho field, and with a piece
cut out at each pole. In the natural
phenomena of the skies, it would
appear that the earth is enclosed in
the mostly invisible spheroid of rays,
and that we see the aurora at the
edge of one of the polar openings,
where the spirals approach closest
and are brightest and deepost.
Working since 18V/ on the theory
that dangerous gas emission in mines
follows unusual release of pressure,
Francis Laur believes that mine c.x
plosions can be foreseen and guarded
iiKitiust like storms. On Jan. 23.
lUO7, a long continued peilod of high
barometer over Europe was followed
by a sudden fail of pressure lasting
two days, and with this fall came
simultaneous explosions In the Keden
mine in Germany, the Lierin iv
France, and the Charlestown in Eng
land. Numerous mines in France
and Belgium) heeded the warnings
given, averting risk of disaster by
stopping work or taking extra pre
cautions in dangerous workings.
The modern power elation is a pro
duct of the coincident development
of the high speed dynamo and alter
nator and of the new steam engine.
In lectures to the London Royal
Institution Gerald Storey bus been
reviewing tbo remarkable progress of
the steam tuibine, and he points out
that no reoiprocating engine of large
size ia now being put down either iv
Kuglaud or on the continent. The
first, practical steam turbine was the
one of 10 lioiho power built by Par
sous in 1884. Several turbo-alter
nators of 12U horse power were sup
plied iv 1888, and wore used for elec
tric lighting stations. The com
pound steam turbine was adapted to
work with a condenser in IW)2. The
first condoneing turbine wus of 15U
horse power, driving a 100 kilowatt
alternator 4,800 revolutions a minute,
and this proved so economical a heat
engine as to murk a new era. tieturn
from tho radial How to the parallel
flow type was made iv 1894, with im
provements in detail that increased
eltioieucy and Jesseuod cost. Large
sizes were made, turbo-geuerutors
were supplied to Cieimauy, and iv
late years the demand for tbePatßon's
steam turbine has increased by
bounds, until about 2,000,000 hoi so
power' on laud ure used and ornered.
For the marine stomu turbine, first
used ou a passenger vessol iv 1901,
rapid progress is at hand, as well.
Sp«bch having been registered by
telephonic impressions so as to be
iutelligible, the different words being
distinguishable by sight, U. Char
houuol, the French eugiueor who per
fected the apparatus, is seeking a
practical means of making a tele
phono receiver give an automatic re
pore of itself on a traveling film or
sensitized baud, takiug down any
rnestiago that may oome in the absence
of the proprietor ot the oftice.
For propel! lug oanal barges, K. W.
Thorn of Southport, Eng., would U6e
iuturnal oombiistiou engines fed with
coal gas carried compressed iv
cylinders. Tests have shown numer
ous advantages, and tho tiugimm and
storage cylinders are ouly hulf as
heavy as steam engines of liko power,
and occupy much less space.
The mow electrotyping process of
Sherard Cowpur -Colon claims greater
rapidity and iucreusod sharpness ot
duplication, by the usual method, a
wax impression of the typo toirn ia
taken iv a special press, the wax
mold— first coated with graphite—re
ceives a deposit of copper of suitable
thick uush iv an olect.rolytlc bath, and
Hi (i copper ih fetrippiid from the wax
and backod with soft motal Fine
detail is lost through tho filling up
with wax of miiiiilo lines and dots.
The improvud way coiim.slk iv taking
the iinpriiHsioii upon the backing,
which is made up of a sheet of pmo
soft load rivet ltd to limit Imr load
nl" it t with a hhi'Dt of lulilxtr betneeu,
an i tiiou applying the copper faoiug
directly by the eleotiolytlo method.
The soft lend, squeezed Into tho
original printing snrfeoe by strong
pressure, suob ns that of a bydranllo
press, has ooheslveness to retain the
finest detail, like that of a copper
tiumunnzlnft the world's water
powers, a Krenoh authority llnds a
total of 11,000,000 horse power avail*
niiln for Knesla, 4,500,000 for France,
4,500,000 for Italy; 1,000,000 for
Japan; 000,000 for Norway, 7«:J,O(X>
for tiweden, 700,000 for (Jertuany, and
an undetermined horse powor fof other
countries. lor the United Stales 1,
500,000 horse power is credited as
utilizable. b'rnuoe already nsos 800,
000 borse power; Norway, a large part
of its total; Switzerland, 300,000;
(Jermany, 100,000; Kussla, 8»,000;
(limit HrJlnln, 70,000; Japan, 70,000;
India, 60,000; and Italy, IKI.OUO.
Testing animal origins or kiuships
by similarities of blood analyses, aa
suggested by Prof. Nuttall, the En
glish biologist, ia bringing novel
Ideas into zoology. It shows that the
hippopotamus ia a pig, and the
walrus a horse, and confirms the
long recognized relationship between
birds and reptiles, lint it does not
connect man with monkeys aud traces
only slight kinship with the anthto
poids.
Sunset Vale 1771 Capital 533
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaninq Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods.
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty.
1012-lOth st Sacramento
Is Your Property For Sale?
We are constantly receiving Inquiries from all
parts of the United States for Farmi, Vineyards and
Country and City Homes on tho Pacific Coast. If
your property Is for sale we shall bo glad to place it
on our list, and put yon In direct correspondence with
a large number of possible buyers. Address,
TOWN & COUNTRY JOURNAL PUB. CO.
330 JACKSON ST., SAX FRANCISCO, CAL.
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO., CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable. jnol
| Globe Hotel |
0 it
J J NEW MANAGEMENT. ♦
;; MRS. ANNIE HUWST....Prop'r \[
', ! ■^■^ J l
j; Board and Lodging <•
J I AT REASONABLE RATES. J |
\ ', Sample Rooms for Commer- ', ',
',', clal- Travelers. ',',
< ' All Stageß stop at this hotel. < •
| JACKSON CAL. ii
1 I myfl . I >
♦♦»»»♦♦♦♦»»»<»♦♦♦<>♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦! '>
ii NEW ■ :
f National * Hotel
m Jackson, Amador county, Cal.
I F. A. VOORIIEIS, Proprietor \
'I' Stagp Office for all Points
 Lighted by elect ricity throughout
', IJommodious Sample Rooms for
|| Commercial Travelers. aulB
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAN
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hund a full lino of Harness
and Hardess Fixtures, Saddles.
Bridles und Robes. Buggies
an:. Carriage tops made
to order.
Also has on hand a line of
that well known and thor-
oughly tried UAKEU &
HAMILTON buggies.Amador County
Descriptive Article
Amador county comprises an area of
648 square miles. It lies on tho wes*
torn slope of Sierra Nevada mountains,
nnd embraces within its territory all
the diversity of valley, foothill, and
high mountainous lands.
Climate.— The climate of tho popu
lous portions of tbo county Is as ffonlal
nnd healthful as can be found anywhere
in California. As cllmato Is one of the
most valuable assets of this favored
state In attracting population, Amador
fltands s«cond to no county In this re
gard. It should, and no doubt will in
time, when Its climatic advuntagos are
more thoroughly understood and ap
preciated, become a health resort not
for those In less favored states,
but for tho residents of other parts of
California. The temperature alone the
■central portion rarely falls bolow 30
degrees above zero in winter, and as
rarely rises to 100 degrees In the sum
mer. Snow seldom falls in tho settled
districts, and never remains on the
ground for more- than a few hours. Of
•course, in tho high mountain rogloos
of eastern Amador tho snowfall Is vory
heavy— which Is characteristic of the
entire Sierra Nevada range. Tho sum
mer season is alway accompanied with
•cool nights; permitting of sound, re
freshing slumber. Fogs are rare, cy
clones are unknown, thunderstorms are
infrequent.
Gold Mining.— The county, although
rich in other sources of wealth, com
paratively untouched, is noted prin
cipally for her quartz mines. The
deepest gold mines in America are lo
cated here. The Kennedy mine Is now
taking gold in liberal quantities from
quartz extracted. from a depth of over
3000 feet below the surface, with every
indication that tho pay-ore extends to
a much greater depth. Since the dis
covery of gold, the county has contrib
uted fully $100,000000 to' the world's
supply of the precious metal. The
mines are still yielding at tho rate of
about two million dollars annually.
Nearly all of this wealth is produced by
eight or ten mines operating on what
Is called the "mother lode," stretching
dear across the county in a north-east
•orly direction a distance of twenty
miles. The mines aggregate between
400 and 500 stamps, and furnish em
ployment for over 1000 miners. This
industry is still In its infancy. The
unexplored territory, evon along the
main gold belt, is far in excess of the
ground that has actually been worked
•or prospected. The county offers to
day one of the most inviting fields to
bo found anywhere in the world for the
investment of capital in the fascinating
business of gold mining, not alone along
the mother lode, but also in the almost
untouched mineralized country or the
east belt, some ton or twelve miles from
the main lode.
Besides gold, we have copper, de
posits of pottery, coal, imarbe, slate,
limestone, granite, and soapstone or
talc— all undeveloped.
Agricultural Capabilities.— The agri
cultural possibilities equal, if not excel,
the mineral riches. The valley lands
will produce anything that can be
grown in the most favored sections.
In tho foothill lands all kinds of decid
uous fruits thrive: also all kinds of
vegetable are raised where Irrigation
is practicable along the numerous water
■courses. Further uo in the mountains,
at an altitude of 2000 to 2500 feet, tho
soil is admirably adapted for apples
and potatoes. A ready markot for
many times tho quantity now raised of
these commodities can be found lin the
various mining towns.
Grape culture and wlnemaking are
becoming important industries, both
the grapes and wine commanding a
better price than ithe product of the
lowland.
Land is cheap compared with other
California lands. Improved farms may
bo secured for one-fourth tho price
current in some places. Unimproved
lands can be had from $5 to $10 per
acre. It does not require a fortune to
buy a small ranch. Thero is room for
a largo addition to our agrlculural pop
ulation. Vast tracts now du voted to
cattle ranges might be made the homes
of hundreds of prosperous farmers.
Amador has a populaslonof less than
12000. Three fourths of this Is concen
trated in a strip of thrue miles abovo
and below the mineral belt.
Jackson, the county seat, has about
2"i00 inhabitants, and isaa incorporated
city ot the sixth class. Other towns
are Suiter Greek, Amador City, Dry
town, Plymouth, Volcano, Pine Grove
and Oleta. lono City Is tho meiropolls
of the valley section, a thtivlog town
of 1000 Inhabitants.
The community Is law-abiding. Edu
cational facilities are excellent. A
t-choolhouse is within easy reach of
nearly every family. Thero is ono high
school, located at lone.
The assessment roll for 1907 is $5.
800,703, and the tax rato for both stato
and county purposes $2 on tho $100.
Tho Southern Paolilo has a brunch
railroad running to lone. From tula
point the lono and Kaotern railroad ox
tondsl4 milos furihur to the mining
seotloo.
Thu various religious denomination)!
and fraternal organizations aro wellj
represented . I
The power plant of the Standard \
Eloctrlo Oo— one of tho larffelt In the
world— islocuted four wilet* from Jack
bon.
From Our Exchanges.
Last week (Juatave Hohi ader of this
place received his oommlssiou from
surveyor general W. ti. Klngabur?
of Hnnrnmnnto, as a licensed surveyor.
Mr Hobrader has been assistant to
civil engineer VV. E. Downs for a
long time.— Amador Record.
Miss I'idun Kuat, daughter ot E.
U. Kust, business manager ot the
Index, came down from her home in
Uerkeley yesterday and returned thla
morning. Miss Kust has accepted a
position in the Uonznlea schools,
and will take charge of the primary
department there next Monday.—
Salinas Index.
Inquiry jit tbe plant of tbe lone
Fire Drink Company develops the In
formation that at lenst B'2U,UOO more
will be sent in permanent equipment
before noxt spring. The product haa
been tested and pronounced good.
One firm in Portland, Oregon, placed
an initial order for 50,000 of the Ure
brick and upon receiving tbe same
immediately ordered '25,000 more.
Other oonsumeis are experiencing
tbe same results. This industry is an
unqualified sucoees and deserves the
unanimous encouragement of all our
people.— Echo.
We have been informed that a large
body of good milling ore carrying a
bigh grade of sulpbutets has been
struck on the 2100-foot level of the
(jwin mine. We aro glad to bear
this news for if there ever was a
company deserving of success it is
tbe Unin. The rich ore encountered
only goes to prove that as depth is
attained tbe ledge gets stronger and
of a better quality. — Chroniale.
Tbe United Railroads of Ban Fran
cisco is said to tv negotiating for the
purchase of tbe entire plant of tbe
Union Construction Company ot
Valleoito, Calaveras county. The
deal, if consummated, will involve
83.500,000 and will put tbe railroad
company in possession of a plant
wbiub will furnish 36.000 horsepower,
which would be brought to this city
oc wiies. Patrick Calboun and
Charles N. Black, respectively presi
dent and general manager of the
United Railroads, are in Calaveras
county at tbe peresent time investi
gating tbe extent of tbe plant.—Cala
veras Chronicle.
Sunday night Fred Davis, an engi
neer, and aged in tbe Ofties, went
into tbe vacant lot north of tbe Union
saloon, and remained there until
eleven o'clock Wednesday morning.
He was sick and during the three days
and nights he was unattended in bis
sufferings. When fouud, prompt care
was afforded him. Under sheriff
William Squires asked supervisor T.
Il'.I I '. McUovern for a permit to take
him to the oounty hospital. It was
refused, aooompanied by tbe state
ment to give him a season in tbe jail
sweat box. Dr. Uould was summoned
and an examination of Davis was
proof that he was on the verge of
starvation and that he should have
careful nursing. Colonel Cotton, we
hear, accepted the responsibility and
gave Davis a harbor. — Banner.
It is reported that Fred Winkler
is negotiating tne purchase of tbe
Raggio stage lines botween San
Andreas and Valley Spring, and
Mokelumne Hill, and Andreas. and
Angels. The lines have been doing a
large business. Fred went to Stock
ton Friday morning.— Citizen.
Former (Joveruor James 11. liudd
died at his fchome in Stockton on
Thursday morning at 7 o'ciook after
a Jong illness ftom lirigbt's disease
and other ailments.
Baby Morphine Fiends
are made by all soothing syrups and
baby nioclioiuoa that contain opium
and narootios. AlclJoo's liaby Elixir
contains no injurious or narcotic
drugs of any kind. A sure aud safe
cure for disordered stomachs, bowels
aud iretfuluess— splendid for teething
infants. Bold by liubser's City Phar
macy.
On Wednesday, the 29tb, the super
ior court rendered a decision in the
Huy Stato or Doiinullun rauob suit,
wuion was tried on September 12,
11)07. Ibe plaintitts were Martin
Donnallau and Mrs Mary A. Huberty
vs. Mrs Kate Jrlageman aud Mrs Kllen
Nuuer. The suit was brought by tbe
plaintiffs to put tbe ranch for salo.
The defendants Mrs Nuner and Hage
tnnti demurred aud asked tbe court to
sell tbe property iv separate parcels,
tbe mineral pait of tbe ranch as oue
parcel aud the agricultural part as a
separate parcel. Tbe court deuided
iv favor of the plaintiffs and .baa
ordered the property sold in oue
parcel. John lhinoook was the attor
uey for tbe plaiutltfs and Will A.
Dower for the defendants.— Citizen.
What Is Best for Indigestion?
Mr A. Kobinaou of Drumquiu,
Ontario, baa beeu troubled tot years
with iudlKestion and rooommends
Chamberlain'H Stomach and Liver
Tablets as "tbe beat luedlnitie 1 ever
used." It troubled with indigestion
or coußtipatiou give them a trial.
They are uertalu to prove beuefloiul.
They are easy to take aud pleasaut
in etfeot. Price '.15 cents. Samples
fiee at Jaoksou'u drug store, Spug>
noli, prop.
1 O.A.STOXI.X.**..
Bean tin _/? llia Kind < ][° 11 Ha<9 MlVt BtIU2M
Blgaatuw /I? , *£/■¥# +-#' .
FKIDAY, AUGUST 7, 1008.
NOTICE TO VOTERS.
Notlen Is hereliy given to the electors of tho
State of California that the following Acts will
he submitted to the people of the stain of Cali
fornia for their nulllcutlon at the next general
election to be holden on the third day of No
vember, A. D. Hkis, to wit:
SENATE BILL NO. 461.
Passed thfl Senate February 2J, A I). 1907.
Lewis Hilborn. Secretary of the Senate.
Passed thn Assembly March fl, A D. 1607.
Clio I^loyd, Chlof Clerk of thn Assembly.
This tlllt was received by tho Governor, this
Oth day of March, A. li. iuo7. at \i o'clock m
K. C. Cooper, Private Secretary of tho Gover
nor.
Chapter 4J4. An Act to provide for the Issu
ance and sale of state bonds to create a fund
for the construction by the board of state
harbor commissioners of wharves, piers, sea
wall, state mil road, spurs and appurtenances
in the city and county of San Francisco; to
creato a sinking fund for tho paymont of said
bonds; nnd providing for the submission of
this uct to a vote of tin- people. |
Tho peoplo of tho Slate of California, repre-
sented in senate and assembly, do enact us
follows:
Suction 1, For tho purpose of providing a
fund for the paymont of tho Indebtedness here
by authorized to be lnourred by the board of
sunn harbor commissioners for the erection of
wharves, piers, seawall, stnto railroad, spurs
nnd appurtenance* In tho city und county of
San Francisco, at a cost not to exceed two
million dollars (which said wharves, piers, sen
wall, stato railroad, spurs mill aupurlrnaiir.es
the board of state harbor commissioners tiro
hereby empowered to construct, in the manner
authorized by law, and nt a cost not lo exceed
said two million dollars), tho stale trcasuror
shall immediately after the lssuiinco of tho
proclamation iof tho governor, provided for In
section 10 hereof, prepare two thousand suit
able bonds ol tho State of California, In tbo de
nomination of one thousand dollars each The
whole Issue of said bonds shall not exceed the
sum of two million dollars, and said bonds
shall beiir Interest at the ram of four per
centum per annun.'. from the time of said sale
thereof, and both principal ana Interest shall
bo payable In gold coin of the present standard
value, und they shall be payable at the office
of tho state treasurer, ut, tho expiration of
nineteen years from their date, subject, how
over, to redemption by lot as in this act herein
after provided. Suld bonds shall hour date the
second day of January, A. D nineteen hundred
and nine, and shall bo made payable on the
second day of January, A D ninetoen hundred
and [twenty-eight. Tho Interest accruing on
such of said bonds as are sold , shall be due and
payable at the office of tho state treasurer on
the second day of January, and on tho second
day of July, of each year after the sulo of tho
sumo; provided that the first payment of In
terest shall bo made on the second day o' Jan
uary, A. D. nineteen hundred and ten, on so
many or said bonds as may have boen thereto
fore sold. At the expiration of nineteen yours
from the date of said bonds, all bonds sold shall
ceasn to bear interest, and likewise all bonds
redeemed by lot shall cease to bear interest as
In this act provided, and the, said state treas
urer shall call in, forthwith pay und cancel the
nitme, out of the moneys in the second San
Francisco seawall sinking fund provided for in
this act, and liejshull, on the first Monday of
January, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight,
ulso cancel and destroy all bonds not thereto
foi-o sold/ All bonds issued shall be signed by
the governor, and countersigned by tho control
ler, and shall ,bo endorsed by tho stato treas
urer, and eucn shall have the soul of tho state
stamped thereon. Kuch bond shall contain a
clause that it is subject to redemption by lot
after tho yen- nineteen hundred and eighteen.
Sec. 2 Interest coupons shall be attached to
each of said bonds, so that such coupons may
bo removed without injury to or mutilation of
the bond. Said coupons shall be consecutively
numbered, and shall be signed by the state
treasurer, Hut no Interest on any of said bonds
shall be paid for any time which muv intervene
between tho date of any of said bonds und the
issue and sale thereof to a purchaser.
Skc. 3, The sum of one thousand dollars is
hereby appropriated to pay the expense that
may be incurred by tho state treasurer In hav
ing said bonds prepared, Said amount shall be
paid out of the San Francisco harbor Improve
ment fund on controller's warrants, duly drawn
for that purposo.
Sec. 4. When tho bonds authorized to be is
sued under this act shall bo duly executed,
they shull bo by the state treasurer sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
in such parcels und numbers us said treasurer
shull be directed by the governor of the state,
under the seal thereof, after a resolution re
questing such sale shull have been adopted by
Hid board of state hurbor commissioners; but
said treasurer must reject any und all bids fi,r
said bonds, 'or for any of them, which shall be
below the par value jof (said bonds so offered:
nnd ho may, by public announcement iv the
time fixed for the sale, contlnuo such sale, as
to the whole of tho bonds offered, or auy part
thereof offered, to such time und place us he
may select. Due notice of tho time und place
of sale of all bonds must be given by said treas
urer by {publication in two newspapers pub
lished in the city und county of Sun Francisco,
and also by publication in one newspaper pub
lished in the city of Oakland, nnd by publica
tion in one newspaper published in the city of
Los Angeles, und by publication in one news
paper published in thu city of Sacramento, onco
a week during four weeks prior to such sule
The costs of such publication shall be paid out
of the San Francisco hurbor improvement fund,
on controller's warrants duly drawn for that
purpose. The proreedsof the sale of such bouds
shall be forthwith puld over by said treasurer
into tho treasury) and must be by him kept in
a separate fund, to be known und designated us
the "Secoud San Francisco Seawall Fund" und
must be used exclusively for tho constructlou
of wharves, piers, seawall, state railroad, spurs
and appurtenances thereto on the water front
of the city and county of San Francisco. Drafts
und warrants ur on suld fuud shall be druwu
upon and shall be paid out of said fund iv the
Hume manner us drafts und warrants are drawn
upon md puld out of the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund.
SBC. 5 For the payment of the principal and
interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to be
known and designated us tho " Second S»u
Frunclsco Seawall Sinking Fund" shull be, und
the same is hereby created, as follows, to wit:
■'The state treasurer shall, on thu first day of
each and every month after, the sale of said
bonds, tuke from tho San Francisco hurbor im
provement fund such sum as, multiplied by the
timo the bonds then sold and outstanding have
to run, will equal the principal of tho bouds
sold and outstanding at the time said treasurer
shull so tuke suld sum from said Sin Frusclsco
harbor Improvement fund, Zless the amount
theretofore taken therefrom for said purpose;
und he shull place tho sum in the second Sun
Frunclsco seawall sinking fund created by this
uct. Said state treasurer shall, on controller's
warrants duly dr-iwn for that purpose, employ
the moneys In said sinking fund Iv tho purchase
of bonds of the United State, or of the State of
California, or of the several counties or munlcl
pullties of the State of California, which suld
bonds shall be kept in v proper receptlcle, ap
propriately labeled; but he must keepulwuys
od hand v Kuitlcient umount of money iv suid
sinking fund with which to pay the interest on
such of the state bouds herein provided to bo
issued us may have theretofore been sold. And
to provide means for the payment of interest
on the bonds tbut maybe sold und outstanding.
suld treasurer shall monthly tuke from tbo San
Francisco hurbor improvement fund, nuil pay
into suid seawall sinking fund, uu amount
oqual to the monthly Interest then due on all
bouds then sold, delivered und outs' uudlng
Thu board of state harbor commissioners are
hereby authorized and directed by the collec
tion of dockage, tolls, rents, wharfage ami
uranugi) to collect v sum of money sutnclout for
the purposes of this uct, over und above the
umount limited by section two thousand live
hundred und twenty-nix of the Political Code of
the Stato of California. Iletweou the llrst and
tenth day of November, in the your nineteen
hundred und eighteen, und between the llrst uud
tun th day of November of each year thereafter
until the maturity of suld bonds, tho suld
treusurer shall, in the presence of the governor,
proceed to draw by lot such uu uniouut of bonds
us sh. ill bo requisite to exhaust us nearly us
may be the amount in suid sinking fuud ut that
t liiiii. and shull thereupon unit before the tenth
day of December folluwlug. give notice by pub
lic advertisement to be inserted twice v week
for two weeks iv two nuwspupertt published In
thu city and county of Sun Frunclsco, uud also
in emu newspaper published in thu city of Oak
land, ami ulso iv nun newspaper published Iv
thu city of Loh Angeles, uud ulso in one news
puper published in tho city of Suoiumento,
stating the number of bonds so drawn, und that
thu principal of said bonds will bu puld ou pru-
Huntution to thu treasurer ou or before the
second duy of January following, und that from
uud utter such lust uumed Uutu all inter.-,!
upon bouds Urns drawn shall cense, uud It kliull
bu thu duty of the treasurer us soon us suld
Imiihls so drawn by bit am nunuudurud to him
uud puid lo cancel the sunm, uud thu Interest
coupons thureuu, uud each year, begluuiug with
tho yuur nineteen hundred and, elKhteeu, tliu
huid treasurer shall, la thu munuer aforesaid
proceed to draw by lot such uu amount of bonds
us Nhull bu ruiiufsltu tv cxliuusi u>> nearly us
muy bu thu amount Iv sulU sluklug luud, uud
pruci'cd in Ihu manner hen-iii übuvu stated.
Alter the payment nl all df NikM bonds, tilt) sur
plus or balance reinaluiuy Iv said uluklug fuud,
If »n.T them bo. nhall forthwith ho paid Into tho
San Francisco hurhor Improvement fund. At
thetlmnof the respective drawing* by lot, »»
nfnrcstild, And Also at thn maturltyof said state
bonds natd treasurer shall sfll tho United
HtAtes or other bond* then In said sinking fund,
at Roverolng market rates, After advertising
tho sain thiirnof In tha mnnner hereinbefore
provided for the sale of honrts hereby imthorl zed
to bo lisueci, and shall use thn procoeds for the
paymont of mien bonds as may be drawn by lot,
and at the maturity of said bonds outxtandlng
shall pay and redeemsald matured outntandlng
bonds out or said moneys in said fund In ex
tinguishment of naiii bonds on controller's war
rants duly drawn for that purpose.
BBC. n The state controller and tho state
trensurer shall keep full and particular account
and record of all thoir proceedings under ihla
act, and they shall transmit to the governor an
anstriic.t of all such proceedings thorrundor.
with an annual report, to bo by tho governor
luld Ih'Tdi-ii the legislature biennially; and all
hooks iind papers pertaining to the matter pro
vided for In iiil« act shall at all times be open
to tho Inspection of any party Intnrented, or tho
governor, or the attorney general, or a commit
tee of either brunch nf tho legislature, or a
Joint committed of both, or any citizen of tho
slate.
• BBfl. 7. It shall bo the duty of the state
treasurer to pay the Intercut of said bonds,
when tho itame falls due, out of tho sinking
fund provided for In this act, on controller's
warnuiiH duly dr.twn for that purpose.
Sitr, s. Thin act, If adopted by tho people,
shall lIIUO effect on the thirty tlrst day of Do
eembcT, A. D. nineteen hundred and eight, as to
nil Us previsions except tlio--o relating to and
necessary for Its submission to thn people, and
for returning, canvassing and proclaiming the
votes, und us to said exccpteil provision* this
act shall take effect Immediately.
BBC, w. This act shall ho submitted to tho
people of tho Stale of California for thoir ratifi
cation ut tho next general election, to bo holden
In ihu mouth of November. A. D, nineteen bun
ilred und oight, und all ballots at said election
Nhull have printed thereon and at tho end there
of tho woi'dn, "For tho Han Francisco Seawall
Act,' and In a aepitrnlo lino under tho name
words " Against tho San Francisco Seawall
Act," and opposite Raid linos them shull bo
left space!) in which tho voter may make or
stamp it cross to indloate whether they vote for
omxulnst the said act.and those voting for said
actMiiiii do so by placing v cross opposite tho
words 'For tho San Francisco Seawall Act."
and all those voting against tho said act shall
do so by placing a cross opposite the words.
'"Agnlnut the San Fronclsco Seawall Act." Tho
governor of this state shall Include tho submis
sion of this act to tho people, as aforesaid, In
his proclamation calling for suld general elec
tion
Skc. in. Tho votes cast for or against this
act shall bo counted, returned and canvassed
and declared In the same manner and subject
to tin! same rules as votes cast for state offi
cers: and if It appear that said act shall have
received a majority of all the votes cast for and
against it at said election, as aforesaid, then
the same shall have effect us hcrelnbeforo pro
vided, and shall be irrepealablc until tho prin
cipal »ud interest of the liabilities herein cre
ated shall be paid und discharged, and the gov
ernor Khali mime proclamation thereof.; but if v
majority 'of tho votes cast as uforesald ure
against this tout then the sumo shall bo and be
come void.
Skc 11, It shall be the duty of the secretary
of Mate tv huvu this uct published in at 'eusi
one newspaper In each county, or city and
county, it one be published therein, for three
mouths next preceding tho general election to
be holden in 'he month of November, A D. nine
teen hundred und eight, tho costs of publica
tion shall bo paid out of the San FranctHco har
bor improvement fund. on controller's warrants
duly drawn for that purpose.
Skc 13. This uct way bo known and cited as
the * Second San Francisco Seawall Act."
Sec. 13. All acts und parts of acts in con
flict with the provisions of this uct are hereby
repealed.
W. R. Porter,
President of the Senute.
It, L. IttiAKIIKI.KK.
Speaker of the Assembly.
Approved March aist, A. D. IW7 fk
J. N. GIIXETT, (JWrernor.
Endorsed : Filed In the oftlce of the Secretury
of istam, the 31st day of March. A. U. 1907. C.
F, .Curry, Secretary of State. By J. Iloescb,
Deputy,
SENATE BILL NO. 812.
Passed the Senate, February 28, A. D. 1907.
Lewis A. Hilborn, Secretury of the Senate.
I'assiid the Assembly, March 11, A. U. 1907.
Clio Lloyd. Chief Clerk of the Assembly.
This 11111 was received by the Governor, this
12th duy of March, A. D. 11X17, at 10 o'clock a m
X, LJ. Cooper, Private Secretary of the Governor
Chaptkh 431. An act to provide for the issu
ance and sale of state .bonds to creute v fund
for the acquisition by thu bourd of state har
bor commissioners of a neccssury area for v
tidal basin for wharves, piers, harbors und
appurtenances in the city and county of Sun
Francisco ; to create a sluicing fund for tho
payment of said bonds; uud defining the du
ties of state officers in relation thereto; mak
ing un appropriation of one thousand dollars
for tho expense of printing suld bonds; and
providing for the submission of this act to a
vote of the people.
(As amended at Extra Session by Senate Bill
No. 7.)
SENATE BILL NO. 7.
Passed the Senate November 20, A D 1907.
Lewis A. Hilborn, Secretury of the Senute.
Passed tho Assembly, November 21. A. D.
1907. Clio Lloyd, Chief Clerk of the Assembly.
This Mill was received by the Governor, this
23rd duy of November. A. D IUO7, at 11 o'clock
v m !•',. C. Cooper, Private Secretary of the
Governor.
Chaptkk 4. An act to amend section five of
the act entitled "An uct to provide for the
issuuucu und sale of state bonds: to create a
fund for the acquisition by the bourd of stute
hurbor commissioners of a necessary urea for
a tidal basin for wharves, piers, harbors und
appurtenances in the city und county of San
Fruucisco; to create a sinking fuod for the
payment of said bonds; und defining the du
ties of state officers in relation the eto; mak
ing un appropriation of one thousand dollars
for tho expense of printing said bonds; und
providing for tho submission of this act to v
vote of tno people," approved March 31, 1907,
relating to tho redemption of such bonds and
creating a sinking fund for such purpose, uud
adding v new section to suld uct to be num
bered section 10!4, relating to the publicution
of suld uct, and providing for tho puymentof
tho cost of publication of thu same.
Phe people of the Stale of California, repre
seated iv senute and assembly, do enact us
follows :
Suction 1 For the purpose of providing a
fund for the payment of the Indebtedness auth
orized to be incurred by the board of state har
bor commissioners for the acquisition of thu
necessary urea for v tidal basin extending the
area of India basin on the water front of thu
city and couuty of Sun Frunclsco, us provided in
an ucl entitled "An uct to authorize und direct
the bourd of stulo harbor commissioners to in
stitute coudemuutiou proceedings against cer
tain property north of India basin, und extend
ing tv Isluis creek in the city and county of Suu
Francisco, uud extending their jurisdiction
uvjr tho samo, and providing for tho puyment
of judgments from the proceeds of hoods issued
uud sold under tho provisions of un uct entitled
"An uct to provide for tho issuance uud sule of
stuto bonds to create v fund for the acquisition
by the bourd of state harbor commissioners of v
necessary ureu for a- tidal basin for wharves,
piers, harbors, und uppurteuauces in the city
aud couuty of Sau Frunclsco; lo create a sink
ing fund for the puyment of suld bonds; and de
fining the duties of state ottlcers in relation
tlierulo; making un appropriation of *I,IKW for
the expense of printing said bonds; und pro-,
vising for tho submission of this uct to a vote
vi the people," the stute treasurer shull, imme
diately after the issuance of thu proclamation
by tbu governor, provided for Iv section IU here
of, prepuru one thousand suitable bunds of thu
Stum of California, in the denomination of one
thousand dollars each. The whole Issue of said
bunds shull not exceed thu sum of one million
dollars, uud said bonds shall bear interest ut
the rute of four per centum per annum, from the
tlino of the sale thereof, uud both principal und
interest shall bu payable In gold coin of the
present Htundurd value uud they shull bu pay
able ut the mile 'of the stale treasurer at the
expiration of nineteen yeurs from their date,
subject, however, to redemption by lot us Iv
i his net hereinafter provided Suld bonds Khali
bear date tbu second day of January, ulueteeu
huudrod und nine, uud shall bu made
payable on Uiii secoud duy uf Juuuury, nineteen
hundred aud twenty-eight, A. I). Tho interest
accruing on such of suld bunds us are sold shull
bu due ami payable ut thu oiilcu of the state
truusurer ou the secoud day uf Juuuury. und on
the second day of July, of cadi year after thu
sale of thu sumu: provided, thai Ihu first pay
muut of lulerusl .shall be made un the second
day of Juuuury, A.M. nineteen hundred uud
teu, on bo many of suid bunds us huvu been
thoretoforu sold. At tho explrutlou of ninutuuu
years from thu date uf suld bunds, all bonds
■old shall cease to bear interest, und likewise
all bunds ruduemud by lot shull ceuse to buur
interest uh in this ucl provided, uud tbu said
.tale trtiuHUivr shull cull lv, furthwitb pay uud
cancel the .same, out of thu moneys Iv tbo ludlu
haslu sinking fund provided fur iv this uct,
and he shall ou thu ilrsl Monday uf Juuuury.
iiinetueii hundred uud twuuly-ulgu , also caucul
and destroy ull bonds uot tuuretuforu sold. All
bunds Issued shall lie signed by thu goveruor,
aid couuloi'Kl«i»'d by Hie cuutroller, ami shall
b« endorsed hy the state treasurer, »nd «a«h,
shall have the seal of the stnto stamped thern
on Each bond shall contain a clause that tt
is subject to redemption by lot after jthnycar
nineteen hundred and eighteen.
Bbo. t. Interest coupons shall he attached la
each of said bonds, so that such coupons mAy
he removed without Imury to or mutilation of
the bond. Said coupons shall he consecutively
numbered, nnd shall be signed, by the state
treasurer. Hut no Interest on any of said bonda
shall be paid for any time which may Intervene
between the date of any of said bonds and ths
Issue and salo thereof to a purchaser.
Sro. S. The »urn of oae thousand dollars U
h9reby appropriated to pay the expense that
may bo Incurred by the state treasurer In hav
ing said bonds prepared. Said amount shall
be paid out of tho Hun Franolsoo harbor im
provement fund on controller's warrants, duJy
drawn for that purpose.
Hro. 4 When tho bonds authorized to ho is
sued under this aot shall, be duly executed,
they shall bo by tho state treasurer sold, at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash.
In such parcels and numbers as said treasurer
shall be directed by thn governor of tho stale,
under soul thereof, after a resolution request
ing such sale shall have boon adopted by tho
board of state luirhor commissioners; but said
treasurer must reject any and all bids forsaJd
bonds, or for any of them, which shall bo bolow
the par value of said bonds so offered ; and ho
may by public announcement at the place anil
tlmo fixed for tho nule. continue such sulo, an
to thu whole of tho bonds offered, or any part
thereof offered, to such time and place as he
may select. Due notice of the time and place
of salo of nil bonds must be given by said
treasurer by. publication In two newspiiiKsra
published In thn city and counly of San Frun
eiseo. aud au-o by publication In one newspaper
published In thu city of Oakland, anil by pub
lication In one newspaper published In tho city
of Los Angolrs, and by publication la ono
newspaper publised In tha city of Sacramento,
o*coa week |for four weeks prior to such kulo.
The Justs or such publication shall be paid out
of tho San Francisco harbor lmprovomeat fund,
en controller's warrants duly drawn for that
purpose, The proceeds of tho sale of such
bonds shall bo forthwith paid over by suld
treasurer into tho treusury.und must be by him
kept In a separate fund to be known nnd desig
nated as the "India llasiii Fund " and must bo
used exclusively for (the acquisition area des
cribed In the act referred to in section 1 hereof.
Drafts and warrants upon said fund shall be
drawn upon and shall be paid out o{ said fund
in the same manner us drufts and warrants are
druwn upon and puld out of the Sau Fruucisco
harbor improvement fund.
Skc. ft. For the payment of the principal and
interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to be
known and designated as the "India Uasln
: Sinking Fund," shall be, and the samo Is here
by created, as follows, to wit: The stute Ireus
; urtr shall, on the llrst day of each and every
i month after tho sule of said bonds, tuk>) from
! tho Sun Francisco barber improvement fund
such sum as, multiplied by thu the time thu
, Ikiihls then sold and outstanding have to run
1 will equal the principal of tho bonds sold ami
outstanding ut tho time said treasurer shall so
tuke suld sum from suid San Frunclsco hurbor
Improvement fund, less the amount theretorore
tuken therefrom for suid purpose; and he shall
Place the sum In the Indfu busin sinking fund
created by this act. Said state treasurer shull,
on controller's warrants duly drawn for that
purpose, employ the moneys in said sinking
fund in the purchase of bonds of the United
States, orof the Stute of California, or of the
several counties or municipalities of the State
of California, whicusald bonds shall bo kept in
v proper receptuclo appropriately labeled; but
he must keep always on bund a sufficient
umouut of u.ouuy in suid sinking fund with
which to pay the interest on such of ihe state
bouds herein provided to be Issued us may have
theretofore been sold. And to provide means
for tho puyment of Interest on the bonds that
may be sold und outstanding, said treasurer
shall monthly take from the Sun Francisco har
bor improvement fund, und pay Into the said In
dia basin sinking fund, an amount equal to the
monthly interest then duo on all bonds then
sold, delivered and outstanding. The board of
stare harbor commissioners are hereby author
ized and directed by the collection of dockage,
lolls, nuts, wharfage und cranage, to collect
v sum of money sufficient for the purposes of
this uet.ovcr und tibovo the amount limited
by section two thousand live hundred and
twenty-six of tho Political Coda of the State
of 'Jnllfornlti, Betwoen the first and tenth
day of November, In tbeycnr nineteen hun
dred und eighteen, and between the first and
lentil duy of November of each year there
after until the maturity of said bonds the said
treasurer shall, in the p.esence cf the gover
nor, proceed to draw by lots such un amount
of bonds us shull Ixi requisite to exhaust us
nearly as may be the amount in said sinking
fund ut that time, and shall thereupon mill
before the tenth day of December following,
give notice by public advertisement lo be In
serted In two newspapers published in the
clly and county of Sun Francisco, and also in
one newspaper published in the city of Oak
land, and also In one newspaper published
in Ihe city of Los Angeles, and also In one
iicwspiiperpudlished tnecity of Kacrumen to,
staling the number of bonds so drawn, and
that I In; principal of of suld bouds Will be
imlil on presentation to the treasurer on or
before the second duy of January, following,
and thut from and after such Just named
date all Interest upon bonds thus drawn shall
cease, and it shall be the duty of the treas
urer us soon us uuld'boiids so druwn by lot are
surrendered to iiiinund paid, ,. to cancel the
same, and the Interest cgudoiis thereon, and
each yeur, beginning with the year nineteen
hundred and eighteen, the said treasurer
shall, In the manner aforesaid, proceed lo
draw by lot such an amount or bonds us shall
be requisite to exhaust us nearly as muy be
tho amount In said sinking fund, ami pro
ceed In the nivniuT lieieiiiubove.stuieil, After
the puymeut of ull said bonds, the surplus
or bulu'ncc remaining in said sinking fund, if
any there be.Jshall forthwith bu paid Into the
San Friiuclscu Inirhor improvement fuml. At
the time of the respectivu drawings by lot, as
aforesaid, and also ut the maturity of suhl
slate bonds, said treasurer shall sell the
United States or oilier bonds then In said
sinking fund, at governing market ratos, after
advertising ;l he Bale thereof Iv the manner
hereinbefore piovidod for the sale of bonds
hereby authorized to be issued, nnd shall use
thy proceeds for ,tho payment of such bonds
as may be drawn by lot, and ut the maturity
of said bonds outstanding shull pay und re
deem said matured outstanding bonds out of
said moneys in said fund in extinguishment
of suld bouds on controller's warrants duly
drawn for thut purpose."— Amendment up
proved November it, A. D. l'jo7.
skc. 0. The state controller aud state treas
ure;- shall keep fu II and particular accountn t and
record of all their proceedings undor this act,
and they shull transmit to Ihu governor un ab
stract of ull such proceedings thureunder, with
an aunuul rejiurt, to bu by the governor luid be
low the legislature- .biennially; and all books
and .papers pertaining to the matter provided
lor In this act shall | it all times tie open to tho
inspection of any party Interested, or the gover
nor, ur tho ulturney general, £or a committee of
either branch of the legislature, or a Joint com
mittee of both, or any citizen of tho state.
am. 7. It shall he the duty of the aluto treas
urer to pay the Interest of said bouds, when the
Mume falls due, out uf the sinking fund provid
ed fur In this act, on controller's warrants duly
drawn for thut purpose.
JSKo. 8. This act, if adopted by the people,
shhll tuke eiToet on thn thirty-first day of Decem
ber, A, D, nineteen hundred und right, as tv nil
Its provisions except those relating to and nooes
sury fur Us submission to the pimple, aud for
returning. cuuva»»lng, and proclaiming the
votes, and as tv said exempted provisions this aot
shall take effect immediately. •
hKC. 11. This act shall bn submitted to the peo
ple of the statoof California tor their ratllleutlon
ut tho next generall oluetlun to bo holden in the
month uf November, A. U. nineteen hundred und
eight, und ull ballots ut said election shall have
printed thereon, and at the end thereof, tho
words, "For thu India I lasiu Act," aud In a sep
arate lino under the .same words "Agulnst the
Indlu llasin Act," and opposite (suld lines there
hluill be left spucea In which the voters may
make or slum p a cross lo Indicate whether they
voiu for or aguiiiHt the said net. aud thosu voting
forjnald uct shall do ho tiy placing a cross opposite
words "For thu India Husln Aot," uud ull thosu
voting against, tliu said act shall do so by placing
a orOM oppoHite thn woids "Against tln< India,
Haslu Act." Tho governor of this »tuU> shall in
clude the submission of this act to thu people, as
aforesaid. In hlu proclumulluu culling fur suld
general election.
tWO, 10. Tho volen east for or against this art
shall bn counted, returned and eauvuHsud and
declare I Iv thu samo manner and »übject to tho
same rules as voli-h en»l for stutu onictus ; unit if
It appear that said uct shall have receive 1 a
majority of ull tho votes cum for and against It
ut said election ax uforosuid, then thu miiiik
shall huvu effect a« herelubuiore provided, and
nhull bu Irrcpralalil" until thn principal and in
terest of Ihn liabilities herein created shall lie
puld uud dlschui'gHd, uud thu governor shall
inskn proi-buuuliuii thereof; bin ll' a majority of
the votes cUHt as aforesaid am ugalusl thin act
ilieii tliuHume tdiull tin ami bncoiuu vutd.
►SKO. lU.'-j, 11 shall lie Ibu duly ol tint (iiH'retary
of sunn io have this aft published In ut least nun
newspaper In each t mini v. or city aud county, If
one bu published therein, throughout this stair.
for Hi i"i> mouths next preceding the gnmrul
election to bu holdmi In thu month of Novnniher
A. l>. nineteen huudted and eight, theoosUOf
publlcutlou Hhall ;b« paid out of ihe Hun Fran
OlilM harbor iiiipr.nriunil fund, un controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpou.," —
Ann iidiiu-iil aj.pr<i\nl Niiv«nihm"j:i, A. 1). 1 UOT.
HKOi 11, This uct may bo kuowu and cltud an
tun "llldlU li.IMII Act."
RFA 12, All AeU And rrnrts of act in conflict
wlit.l* »he firorlKlons of thu Act Are hereby re
peatexl.
W. tl. Portm,
I'rcnMAnt of the fiensto,
n. 1,. liKAnnsr.F.r.
RpOHk»>r of tho Assembly,
AHwwcd .March 21*t, A. I>. 1907.
t. N. «rr,t.MT. flovi>rnor.
Endorse! : Filed In tho office thn Secretary of
Mtatft, thOitlst day of March, A. I), 1907. (J, F,
Curry, Hwrntiiry of Htato. Ily .f. Honm-h, Deputy.
(Amfndod by Honatn Hill No. T. Chapter 4.
pAflood at thn Kx lra Hnnsion of the Thirty-seTflnth
Session of tho legislature.)
W. It. PoriTEn,
President of tho Sonata.
11. 1,. IIF.ARIIsr.KK,
Hpoaknr (if thn Assembly,
Approved Novombor 2:1, ,\. V. IW)7.
J. N. uili.ktt, Oovprnor.
Kndorsoil : Fllml In tho ofllro of thn Knrretary
«>t Ktatn, tho Bird day of November, A. I). 11*07,
C. F. Curry, Secretary of Htato. JyM lot
THE MAN WHO SWEARS BY
THE FISH BRAND SLICKER
> *rf ■*>" n xsT> \\ is * nc man wno
vfsf\«^Y^ has tried to get
\lv\- v <' MvSft tho same service
tSf N t 'ffiSS out of some
VMft\ \ A \r%* o4hcr make
\ V \\ Clean-Llght-Durable
/ \\l Guaranteed Waterproof
/ \ X and Sold Everywhere
JL at *322
M « ..i rptc ro» rut asking
Sfll JOAQU]NJFLORAL Ci.
Floral Designs, Cut Flowers,
Bouquets.
336 East Weber Avenue,
STOCKTON, CAL. jy3ft
L A. DANNER
Paints Wall Paper
Glass Brushes
Painting & Decorating
15 S. HUNTER STREET
jyiltf STOCKTON. CAL.
PACIFIC GARPET GLEANING Go
Kemp k Heffernan, Prop'r.
Awnings |made to order.
Carpets Cleaned and Refitted.
Upholstering' and Mattress Making
330 S. CALIFORNIA STREET]
jyiltf STOCKTON, CAL.
: Boxes :
• And Tra,ys :
v _ j
S All kinds in Stock. *
2 special sizes made to J
• order on short notice. •
• Grape Stakes, •
• Redwood Tanks, •
• Windows, Doors, •
• Planing, Sawing and •
2 Lumber. Independent. *
: r. f. wilsoin, 5
• jy2tf Stockton. Cal. •
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA
Boarding uud day school conducted by tbe
Sisters of Notro Ditme(Namur). Founded
la 1830.
The curioulum embraces all the branches of a
solid Knglltih oducution. Preparatory and
advanced courses in art, languugo, and music
For further information address
"»" SISTER SUPERIOR
L. Yogeli, Jeweler
Wo have tho mostassort-
ed and complete stock of
goods outside of San
Francisco in various
styles of Watches,
Diamonds, Jewelry,
platcSterling, Silver-
ware, rich American
Cut Glass, Bric-a-
Brac, and Novelties-
If you are in need of any
such goods, please look mino
over first. Prices are all as low
as can consistently bo made.
A ONE PRICE STORE.
Foot of Main St., Jackson
Pionkeh b'LOUtt alwuys has boen
and still U tan bubt.
34
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
OLWTA.
August 3— We are hiving some of
the warmest weather known for
several yean; that Is to sny co many
warm days nt once.
Mr and Mrs E. C McCormiok of
Haotamento, formerly of Olntn, were
Tisltots here for a few i days of last
week.
(ilonn Uilbort of Jacknon, is a
visitor with hia lather nml grand
mother, for n week.
Krunk Clark aud Paul Taylor have
gone on a tlsbiug trip to tbe tnount
ains.
Joe Schilling of Sacramento, has
been up here for sovoral days, visiting
friends iv aud around Oleta
Ueo. and Peter lirunold have gono
to Los Anceles, wbore (Jeo. has been
employed for three years, and Peter
intends gottlug work.
Mart ItohiuHou, was up' to the old
home lost week. He is tbe proud
father of a baby girl.
Miss Mary Weston of Plymouth,
who hns been up to Mrs Knapp's for
some tiinu past, is now at C. Wilson's.
Mrs M. A. Vot.aw und son, of Forest
Home, were seen in our burg last
week. Pauny.
SUTTEH CHEEK.
Aug. (!— Mlsh Julia Tanner, accom
panied by her neice, Miss Zita, left
Tnursday morning for San i'rancisco
and Berkeley to remain indefinitely.
C li. Downs returned Wednesday
evening, after several weeks'' visit in
San Francisco.
Charles Smith and family returned
this week from their outing in tbe
mountains.
Miss Mollie Matbis, who was fthe
guest of Mrs E. C. Voorbeis and Mrs
Clark for several weeks, returned to
her home in Oakland last Sunday.
Miss Edith Daneri is tbe «vest of
Miss Sadie Kerr in Auuidor C4ty this
week.
Chas. Joy and family have f«turn
ed from their camping trip in the
mountains.
Mrs Julia . Wildmaa was visiting
friends in Amador this week.
News is brief this week as our
pnople have not yet returned from
mountain trips or to the bay cities,
and some are just starting out. The
town is very quiet just now.
The skating rink started up last
Saturday night under the management
of L. Canvin and Matt Kiocaid,
which drew quite a little crowd ot
spectators and skaters.
Li. F. Stinson arrived here Wednes
day in the interest of the Becora,
which we understand, he is going to
again resume the management.
Sutterito.
SHENANDOAH VALLEY.
Aug. o— The weather this week has
moderated from the extreme heat of
tbe preceding mouth greatly to the
relief of suffering Humanity. The
valley seems to have bad a less degree
of beat than sume other parts of the
county, but no one cares to hare it
any hotter. No damage has been re
ported to tbe fruit .crops, except to
ripen a little faster than was con
venient to those bandliug the crop,
but vegetables suffered in some in
stances as the supply of irrigation
water is low.
Tbo thresher began work this morn
ing, tbe long delay being from tbe
late arrival of tbe new separator, it
ia reported that there is such a seri
ous shortage of water in the valley
that some of the ranchers may not be
able to supply enough for tbe thresher
outfit. Many wells have mil low and
springs are shrinking. Tbe supply
from the liaywarrj company's ditch
was shut oif tbe first of this month,
which leaves those wfau were depend
ing upon that supply ia an uuoom
fortable position.
Leslie McNaugbton of Placerville,
was in the valley last Friday.
Mrs Fred Yager and two children,
returned from a visit to relutives in
Oukland lust (Sunday.
Mies Bessie BrumfJeM is at home
from Sacramento for a visit to her
folks.
Ollie llarrell went to Sacramento
Sunday, to escort tbe separator of the
Jameson threshing outfit to its sphere
of usefulness in this neighborhood.
, Shan.
The Laziest Alan In the World
would not be coutentori to be ke.pt lv
the house and doing nothing by rbmi
mutism. Neither are you. who are
alwayN busy and active. Then don't
ueglect tbe Hint twinge of an acbe or
pain that you might think Is iust a
"crick." Kuli well with Ballard's
Snow Liniment aud no matter what
the troublo to, it will disappear at
once. Sold by Buhner's City Phar
macy.
lONE.
Aug. 0-Mri Miltou Ziehn is visit
lug friends in KosevlJie for v couple
Mihh Mabel Heuuedy of Saora
munto, is the guest ot Mrs C. Plukert.
Mrs Maithu .(limn ivout to Oakland
tli ih lunriiing, for v visit with re
Jutivea and friends.
Misses Ureuia Yuper and Margaret
Saizgeber, who havo been visiting re
latives here dm ring tbe summer
months, tetwined to tbeir Loa Angeles
home Wednesday.
Mies Mabel CeebTan nnd mother of
Reno, Nevada, who have been the
guests at the Harry Stewart residence
tor sonio time, returned homo Tues
day.
Miss Virginia Mason of Snhun, la
now Tiaaiflting her brother, 1). H.
Mnflon, In the Echo otiloe.
Mrs (juigglo of Nebraska, is viml
mR iifir eieter, Mts M. li. Bacon, ol
thin vicinity. This ia the first moot
ins of the sistora for ten years.
Will Uennetts and family came up
trorn l''r<tsno last Tuesday, for a few
weeks' visit with hla parents and
other relatives.
A forest Ore started near tbe J. A.
Baker place yesterday, nnd although
it burnod over a large scope of tbe
country, no serious dainiign resulted,
■oxcopt to the dry feed.
Miss Erma Luuaa of Lodl, Is visit
ing bet friend, Elvira Dooley, for
a couple ot weeks. loaeite.
City Trustees.
City trustees met last evening in
regular monthly session; all mem
bers pieeent except Tarn.
Keports of treasurer, marshal, sex
ton, recorder and oity clerk illed and
approved.
The following demands were order
ed paid :
O'Neil & Podesta, springing Sis:i 00
J H Garbarim, pipe • • 92 11
A Johm?, labor .'-".I - - 200
a J Learn, " - - - 2 Oil
F/M Whitmore, lumber - .')0 77
C Uourk, rental - . - 1(0 00
Mrs C ltinbtmyer, water - 20 'M
J 8 Uarbarini, labor - - 20 25
U 8 Gregory, brd. prisoners - 000
M Mello, labor - - - 10 25
(I M Huberty, pound fees - 20 75
C fJoodal, labor' - - - 150
P Piccardo, repairing - ;;- 225
Amador KLili Co., lights - 103 oO
(.ireen & Batto, team hire - 37 00
S Pbear, expressage - - 100
H Poll, Jabor ... - 00 25
W G Thompson, recorder's fees 12 00
Amador Legder, printing - 7 50
Mrs C Marelia, rent - - 0 00
Joe Vigna, labor - ,•;. OUO
H A Clark, •" - - 54 00
C M Kelley, recording - 1125
L Travaso, labor - • - 750
Bill of O'Neil & Podesta for 819.50
laid over until next meeting.
Bill of City Commercial Co. of Hun
Francisco for 672.40 for election sup
plies allowed, for 501. 15.
i Salary warrants, ordered drawn: •■'"'
q M Huberty 875, li C Bole 25, E S
Pitois 50, J S Uarbaimi 10, C M
Petition presented by JMrs Folger
and others asking for street lights,
and' sprinkling read.
Protest tiled by K. Webb against
payment of claim presented by City
Commercial Co. for eleotion supplies.
. Ordinance No. 42 amending ordin
ance No. 0 in regards to raising liquor
license from 815 to 815 per quarter
read for first limn.
Street committee instructed to
fence in the Anita mine dump foe
street material and lane to tbe county
road.
Soothes itching skin. Heals cuts
or bnrue without a scar. Cures piles,
eczena, salt rheum, any itching.
Duaii's Ointment. Your druggist
sells it.
i Notice for Publication.
; Serial No. 0100.
Department of tbe Interior,
i U.S. Land Ottlce at Sacramento, Calif.,
, August 4, 1908.
Notice in hereby given that Ueorge
S. Kule. of Volcano, Amadur county,
I California, who ou, August 20th, 190:t,
made homestead entry, No. V579, tor
N}.< of BW4 and S^ of NEJa of Sec-
tion 24. Township 7 N., Kaoge 11 E.,
Mt. Diablo Meridian, has Died notice
of intention to make final five year
proof, to establish claim to the iand
abovu described, before the U. S.
Commissioner, at Jackson, California,
on tbe 14th day of September, 1908.
C iiimaut names as witnesses:
O. M. Henry, W. Leasley, C. P.
Jordan, of Volcano. California; War-
ren Hamilton, of Slitter Creek.
JOHN If. AKMSTKONU,
Register.
Order to Show Cause.
in the Superior Court of the county
of Aniadnr, State of California,
lu the Matter of tbe estate ot Pat-
rick MoCnrmack, deceased.
Ella Adams, the administratrix of
tbe estate of Patrick McCormack, de-
ceased, having Hied her petition hero-
in praying for an order of salo ot the
real estate of said decedent, for the
purposes therein set forth, it in there-
fore ordered by tiaid court, that all
persons interested iu tbo estate of
said deceased appear before the said
superior court ou Suturday, tho 15th
day of August, 1908, at ten o'clock iu
the forenoon of said day, ut the
courtroom of tmld superior court, at
Iho city of .larks nullify ot Ama-
dor, Mtuto of California, to show cause
why an order should not ha grauted
to tho said administratrix to sell tio
much of the real oetate of the miid
deceased at private sale, us ghall be
neces9ury; Wid that a copy of this
order tie publiHhud at least four
hikicohhlvh weeks lu the Artiador
Li'ilgiu. a newspaper printed und pub-
lished in said Amadoi' ooutity.
DutoU July i:itb, 1908.
K. C. HUHT,
Judge of said superior court.
Avt nrm lEixnm jackson. cALltfuitiNiA,
Board of Supervisors.
The board ot supervisors met Man
diiy; nil the nmiiilinrs pfWMl,
I'Iip following claims were pr*»«>nt
erl Mini Hlldwprl :
/\ (iillln, mileage - - 9 4 Hi
i) A b'ruser, " •<■' - T«; i <:n
1) A I'Htt.MMOIl, itltMlM - « f,l)
Win doing, jnnitor ■ - 70 00
1) K Eudlcott, ■alopty - . Ui 00
O'Neil A- Porfesta, llfttf - 'i 00
V Kosher, -ii||iIIrs - - 19 I.i
Pncillo Tel .V, Tel. Ufli, pk«Mi - ;j."> Of
Hpnguoli Drug Co., drugn - | 40
Auindor L Co., lights - II 00
Volu A Piocardo. stntionety - <i3 mi
iMrH Aiiriio Jlijrst,,m(!iilH forjvrf 151 ihi
(irucu a I tin, llftry - <; 00
LC White, furuiture - - I 00
u a Uragory brd. of prison-ei-a - uy pu
li Burke, luilongo - - , - ? / t HO
T Wiobo Co., supplies 4 DO
VV M Amick, milongo • - 4 Hi)
ii K 1'ottor, ltj(iuost - - I;, 00
il E Mnk, services - •- a 00
a M <;nii, M, IJ., autopsy' •; "7 B0
Heildi s. ii. C, dipliirnns - iH l'">
\V il (iioouhulgh, vlaitinR Bcho»le %-, on
.1 bl Kolly, health nfllcet - .1 (H)
I' 1 VV Parker, wntchmiin - 10 (X)
U S UregOiy, expenses ., -/, II 00
A Uatllilf & Co., supplies - li js
V (JarbirlDi, laliot - - 'j uo
O K.Jurvis, military li«t - 18H 50
Jaokiod (i L Co., g»s • . - Q 50
.] Kills et al, lilncjiiy boituuty - 3 SM
County otlluers postage - 20 00
I'^iHiik (itirbaiiui, roptiiriag Ktuol - 00
W Jl Will services - - li 2ii
C 10 l'iu-kor, exproHsajje - 21 02
Mrs C Kiclitmyer, n-ator - ti 00
W Chitwood et al, ooyote liouaty U0 00
Auiador DlipatOb, priotlug - 9:5 7r>
A mador liecl^er, printing - 47 40
L J (Jlavinovich, Biipplies - 0 05
Hospital fuDri
11 K rotter, burial - • « 10 00
PaoiHc Tol. A Tel. Co., pbonea 1 05
O'Neil & PodestB, oouveyauce - 4 <K)
Amador 1'J Co.. lights *■ - 5 25
Spagnoli Drug Co., drugd • 7 50
I' L Cassinelli, grooeries - ,101 00
P L Cassinelli, allowances - 10 00
Mrs 0 Hicbtymer, water - 7.00
Mrs C Liuigborst, supplies - 14 76
I'l I') Kailicott, pliyMciaj.1 ■ 60 00
I 1! J.uniiiiii.siip«riiitt>iiilfiif. - (i() 00
J K WWtuu, coavoyauee - 500
hi Uooley " - . 5 00
Mrs KB LiemoiD, matron - .30 00
Mrs J Turner, washing - 10-00
Mrs M A 1'regloau, cooking - "M 00
U Oneto Co., veKetables - 10.20
Ueo L Thomas, meats - >66.28
K Ginocubio & Hto., suppJiee - .2 40
.1 k -i i ii (J Lt Co., gas . - - 3 75
bl Ulooooblo & Bro., clothing - .0 05
J{oad Uisttict, No 1.— Peter vdurjid.
labor 810, Chaa Dufreue 12, JVlarteil
2, 1) Uadarui-.eo 4, Paul Kbhsuu d. Jack
Hanley 'J, A IJufrene 100.75, id lluni
riok 2.
Koad District No. 2.— \V i;l Iiaug
lord, labor 8158.
Koad District Wo. 'A.—Li 'Ualli,
labor 844.
Koad District No. 4.— M K Tucker,
supplier 86.50, J Molinaria labor 4.50,
JL L Cuueo 18.90, M Mazzini 4., John
Williams 4, II Cook 115 4)4, D
Kamazzotti. repairing bridce 3, W
Uoitauo, labor 4', Jerry Lawlor 4, !«'
(iiiirinitii 50.
Koad District No. 5.— (ieo. iKobort
ot al, labor IB, U Packard 14, T
I'bompgoD 4, j w Niauis 6, l 1 '
Uianului ot al 14, A MoWayue i 55,
Bridge fund— J E lirowu, lumber
S!) 52, Amador Co. L. Mills, SS 12, V
S (iarburiiii, bridge 740.
lieueral Kund— hi Barnhart, luiinber
83:i 05.
(Salary fund—Juhn ytrohm, W Al
Amick, A Grillo, 1) A Fraser and 1j
Hurkeoucu 325 as roud oommiuiuuers,
II E Potter allowed 810 tor tun
burial of Mrs J ilolman.
W (J Suyder appeared in behalf of
applicatiou lor liquor license or v
Ualllauo.
The following applications lor
liquor were grauted :
Township No I— .l il Kulleu, D T
Kerr and J (ibiglieri.
Township No 2— John Spiudler, A
A A Davis, W C Dillon, A Cornea),
J II VieiiH.-iHiiy, and J M Haller.
Township No 3— J B (Jrillo, Tony
Delucohi, i<J Uuey.
Township No 4— M D Nixon, M D
Nixon, X .1 (ioriiouu, M J Puccoini,
Perauo & Moliuitri, W 11 Hancock, C
Boro, John liaddatz, A A Krauke, H J
Pearco, John Baooon, .loliu Cox.
Thomas W Hrynut, Kmnk Kizzi, .)
Montiverde, Vieiul & CJomouoe,
Shealor Bros., Aruerlcsh & Aruunoh,
il Kplett, O Honiudi), Brignoli Kstato
Co., Domeniuo Birta, U (ialliauo.
Township No 5-P Kamazniovich, 1
Captiliua, Coiitruoco &, (Jaoiglia, IV
Duhiue, J M Walton, Mrs A Caryle,
X 'Jazzera, (J Dovore, (3 Devoro, (i
W Noe, I) I{O3B, \V 11 (jJa«sou, Koseu
wald & Kaliu, Il'I 1 ' (iiuunmi, Lyvaggi
Kslatii Co.
Applicatiou of E. Cliumii for li<juor
liuinnH in Amador City denied on
grounds of keeping a disorderly
1)01186.
Application of W J Kite lor Intense
in Oli-tii laid over until next iiiDcting,
at which (inn) the rumoustrauces will
bo lißui'd,
M liiiim uppeured before the board
and offered to Ux the south wall of
tlio ccurt house for WO, guurauteeiug
to keep the water from soaking
through. Voted that be be allowed to
do it.
Cnnitnnnic'itlnri from W 11 Ureen
hnlgh, siipfltfiitendent of aohools,
concerning the amount of money
needed to conduct the fiohonls of tbe
county tor the enauiug term rend and
placed on Hie.
Toman nppearad before the board
iv regard to painting certain rooms
ot the court house. Voted thnr. he be
allowed to paint nil the' rooms ax
crpHrig llm court room, judge's
chambers, hall of records and tbe law
library, for $297.
Sheriff Gregory authorized to in*
Rtall a bath tub for the benefit of
The tiow Anknm bridge was accept
ed by the board.
A. Voak granted a tree liquor
license for six uionthfl.
Claims of the Amndor Ledger and
Amndor Dispatch, which wore laid
over last month allowed for tbe full
amount.
James Dabb allowed 810 a month
for throe mouths.
C E Jnrvia, nssesaor, allowed the
mini of 8100 for statistical report.
The military roll presentod by C E
Jarvis wns acuepted.
Krroneous assessment of Mrs Mef
i'oril cancelled.
Clerk was instructed to cotnmuui
cato with the state forester iv regard
to establishing a lire district aud
appointing a llro district.
Warrants cancelled us follows:
School fund - - • SIHOO G5
ZZT 1 -" s-". - '- X"
Koad District No 1 - - 1151 (55
" " ' "2 - - 402 85
General road fiiud ■ .-•' 120 20
Law library - - ||p| 12 80
Teachers' mat. and library - 30 05
Total 3<i748 08
Adjoruued.
Feel languid, weak, run-down V
lleadacho? Stomach "off "?— June a
plain case of lazy liver. Burdock
Blood Uitters tones liver and stom
ach, promotes digestion, purities tbe
blood.
Beam the j4 Kind You Have Always BoDgnt
fir * V/%j9.* <Z.
BORN.
TANTAU— In loue, July 2(5, 1908,
to tbe wife of Ueo. W. Tantau, a son.
WHtiKLER-ln loue, July'29, 1908,
to tbe wife of S. C. Wheeler, a son.
PiTOIS-At Copper Hill, August 2.
.1908, to tbo wife of Julius Pitois,
R POII.
DIED.
cTd^TON^ln Stockton^ July"^
1008, Silas Clifton, aged 21 years.
TANTAU— In lono, July 20, 1908,
infant child of Mr aud Mrs (Jeo.
W. Tantau.
(jIANNiNl.— in Drytnwu, August 7.
l'Ml, K<| ward Ciannini, sou of Mr
and Mrs Kloronce (iiannini, aged
about 21 years.
MASSA.— At Jnoksnn Gate, August 0,
1908, only child ot Antonio Massa,
aged .') years.
SALE
The Bankrupt
Stock
of
| W. KELLEY
is now on sale
for only
a limited time
,
Fixtures for Sale
M. I. lIABER
Receiver, ;
If You Want
Good Health
DRINK NOTHING BUT
:■■- /■■
Ruhstaller's
"Gilt Edge"
Steam Beer
BEST BFB IN THE WORLD
Made from pure Hops and Malt
SACRAMENTO
CALIFORNIA. tny29
! OUR POLICY I
< ! <>
<• Thia bnnk seeks to prosper by J|
2 iIKU'I'HHIVO bIISiUORS getting <>
<> melbodg which, however, shall *>
<* in no way invnlvo the sacrifice j [
2 of our (liguity and Importance 
<> as n iluanclul institution. It o
' * is our pnliny to strictly ndliero .] [
J[ to the piiuciples af sound t>
• > htinlviii).:, to give liberal ac- <>
'* commodations within too "'
2 limit of pnulonce imd safety, x
 to keep our resouroea always <■
1 • at a sum sutlioieut to meet * '
;; our deposit liabilities, with a J
• largo margin foi safety. Our <>
'' watchword is safety, ilrsl', last *'
] | and always. We Beek ymir 1 1
n conUdenco and patronage on <>
< • this basis. ' , *'
! !• Bank of Amador County * !
o Jackson, California. «»
♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦
•••*•••«•••• •••••©•©•••••«
• GO TO THE—— ' •
|HI BAKERY |
• When Yon TJIJTr AJ\ •
» Want Fresh X>XtJlii\.JJ •
I fl. DflL PORIO 8 CO- PRORB- 1
• We alsoikeep a lnrse stock of SMDie •
• and Fancy "
| GROCERIES S
• Our Bpeoialty— Freshlßread'everv day ?
• except Bu»doy *
1 MftNFY 1
BEGETS
MONEY
of Saving Comes Having ;
The more money saved fhe
inoro it is increased by the ac- m
omnulation of interest and each H
six 1 months it Increases more M
rapidly by compound in<r; tho H
safe and sure way of acoumu- H
lating; is to deposit it in tho |
People's
Savings Bank
SACRAMENTO, CAL. |
Pays 4 percent on term and I
3 percent on ordinary de- f
posits. One dollar starts an I
account. {
Send for our booklet, |
"BANKING BY MAIL." |
Electrical Wiring
Of all descriptions
Door and Call bells and
short lino Telephones
intalled in any lionio.
For particulars call
G. W. Voorheis - - Main 2
Jackson - • . California
|! SHOEMAKIfiNei
'': v. marovich ;!
located in [[
i| L. Radovlch's saloon at Muiu /
: ! stn.-t't brMye. |i
Tho best kind of I
workmanship and fully !
) 10 percent loss than any
[ ono olso in town.
S Notice for Publication
2211
Department of the Interior—
U.S. Land Office atSncratnento, Calif.
June 15, IUOB.
Notice ia hereby given thnt Mary L.
OhlchlzoJn, of Ammlnr City, Calif.,
who, on June 10, I.'ioh, made timber
mid stono sworn statement, No. 2*211,
for B}^ of Hi')\i and HM of 8W»-i,
Section 4, Township 7 N., Khiiro 14
JO.. Mount Diablo Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to miike dual,
ptoof, to osliililibli claim to the Innd
above described, before the Register
and Receiver at U. S. Land Oltlce In
Hncrainento, Calif., on the 25th, day
of August 1!)U8.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Krodrlok Kabli ot Slitter Creek,
Calif., K. Al. Culbort of Amndor
City, Calif., William Drown of Olota,
Calir., and V. J- Cbluuizola of Jack-
son, Calif.
JOHN I?. 'ARMSTRONG.
jnelO ._ l|oa]sror.
Notice for Publication.
220!l
Department ot the lutorlor—
U.H. Land OHIco at Sacramento, Calif.
Juno H, I!K)H.
Noticu is hereby nivcri that Oust
I'utterson. of Portland, Oregon, who,
on May 14, lilllH, niarln timber unit
stone sworn Rtntement, No 2'JOil, tor
the HM Of Him and HJ.£ of SW'. 4 ', Sec-
tion 1, Township 7 N.~, Range 14 K.,
Mount Diablo MeridißU, liafl lil<<l
notice of intention to make Until
proot, to establish claim to the land
above doscrlbcd, before 'the Register
oud Receiver at U. S. Land Office in
Sacramento, Calif., on »lm 'JOUi day
of AuKUst, ITOB.
Clniinant nnincs as witneeuoH.* J\ A.
Cliichlzola of Amador City, Calif., 0.
V. iMofl'ett and Charles Krickson, ot
Portland, Oregon, and G. C. Uruoo
of West Point, Calif.
JOHN h\ ARMSTRONG,
je I'2-td Kegieter.
Notice for Publication
2214
Department ot the liiiorior—
U.H. Land Oilico at Sacramento, Calii.
June lb, IUOB.
Notice is hereby given tbut James
A. Cliicbizolu, of Ainador City.
Calif., who, on June 14, l!)08, mudo
timber and stone sworn statement,
No. 2214, for NW^ 4 ', Section 12, Town-
ship 7 N., Kange 14 E., Mount Diablo
Meridian, bas filed notice of inten-
tion to make final proof, to establish
claim to the laud above described,
before the Register and Receiver at
U. S. Land Office in Sacramento.
Calif., ou.tbe 25th day of I August
1908.
Claimant names as witnesses:
K. M. Colbert and R. D. Myora of
Amador City, Calif., William Urown
of Oleta, Calif., and L. 11. Cook of.
Volcano, Calif.
JOHN R ARMSTRONG,
jnelO Kegister.
Notice for Publication"
2213
Department ot the Interior—
U.S. Land (XHce at Sacramento, Calit.
June 15, l'Mi.
Notice is hereby given that JameH
W. Marr. of Plymouth, Calif., who,
on Juno 10, 11)08. made timber anri
stone sworu statement, No. 2213, for
NEJ^, Section 11. Township 7 X.,
Range 14 K., Mount Diablo Meridian,
has filed notice of intention to make
flual proof, to establish claim to tho
land above described, bofore *lio
Register and Receiver at U. S. Land
Office in Sacramento, Calif., on tfcy
25th day of August, l!)08.
Claimant names as witnesses:
Frederick Rabb of Sntter 'Cieek,
Calif., William brown of Oleta,
Calif., A. Pini and Frank Kuowlton
of Amador City. Calif.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG;
jel!) Register.
HODSON
«>? The PhGlograplierj#-
#
ENLARGED PICTURES
PHOTOS
214 S San Joaquin st.
STOCKTON
813 K st SACRAMENTO
1250 Clay st OAKLAND
• t»e*MtiM«ofo«octa«««««i>
{ DAILY STAGE LINE:
» BETWEEN *
» JACKSON and EL DORADO •
• J. Stclner, Proprietor. «
1 Leuvus JuokNoa every morning tit 7:30 JJ
■ u. in.: arrived ut Plymouth 10:30 a. m. e>
» l.'iiivuH riyjnoutUut I |i. ui; arrives ut •
J I'll Uorudo 5 p.m. •
* Loaves Kl Dorado 7:1.1 11. m ; arrlvoH J*
t :tt I'lyimiutli II u. m. Leaven lMymoutb 91
* at 'i p. in. ; arrives In Jackbon at 6p. m. •
2 OFFinL'H— JucUKOD.Nutlouul Hotel ; Sut- ?
m tiirUreeU, Amorlcun Kxcliuuko: Ama- ■
J dor City, Amiiilor Hotiil: Urytown, Kx- !
m I'liiiiiKu; i'lyiuoutb, Porem Huuho.
e Prompt delivery ot packaoos. •
• Thin lino romjHctH wltli puHscnifor »
• truliiK to and from l'l:ieervllle. «
S THROUGH FARE • • • • sj.oo *
• Fifty poundH of baggage free. •A Beautiful Picture
Given Away With Every Box of
KIRO TOOTH POWDER
PRICE • Twenty-five cents
"... 4
RUHSERS CITY PHARMACY.
Jackson. Cal.
TEMPHRATDUE AND UATNPALL
This table (fives tho highest and lowest tem
pornturo In Jueltson for each day, together with
tho ratnfitll, as. recorded by solf-reglstcrlng
instruments kept at tho LodKor iilllco:
! 1 {0 j ;»
;Tomp; Si iTemp'S.
Onto. I g,:! Date. i ig,
jL.jH.j 2; JL |H. 3
Auk, i. rjuH; 7iiioo'.... : ; Aug. it i: i : ;••••
i! i 72.103: ii 18 : J i ■ •••■
3 i 0iii00;....-! 18 | : i : ;•■••
4 i s»i oii i| 20 : : i : •;"
h i 57: 87 .... 21 ! : I : I" •
6 i HlilOl! i! 22 ! : i : •"!
7 ! 00; : .... 23 i j i : ;••••
8 j : i : 1....; 24 ! : j ; !....
9 | : ; : I ! 25 1 :::...
io ; : ! : 1....; 2« I . i : <••••
ii ! : ; : ! j ;.... 27 ! : i : !■•■•
li \r. I : i....ii 28 1: i : •*••
13 j : ; : .... 29 i : j . ;••••
II i : : : ..; 30 : . i : :••••
n ! : ! i .... 1 3i i : ! : :••••
io :: I : i....h ! i: i
! 1 {0 j ;»
;Tomp; Si iTemp'S.
Onto. I g,:! Date. i ig,
jL.jH.j 2; JL |H. 3
Auk, i. rjuH; 7iiioo'.... : ; Aug. it i: i : ;••••
i! i 72.103: ii 18 : J i ■ •••■
3 i 0iii00;....-! 18 | : i : ;•■••
4 i s»i oii i| 20 : : i : •;"
h i 57: 87 .... 21 ! : I : I" •
6 i HlilOl! i! 22 ! : i : •"!
7 ! 00; : .... 23 i j i : ;••••
8 j : i : 1....; 24 ! : j ; !....
9 | : ; : I ! 25 1 :::...
io ; : ! : 1....; 2« I . i : <••••
ii ! : ; : ! j ;.... 27 ! : i : !■•■•
li \r. I : i....ii 28 1: i : •*••
13 j : ; : .... 29 i : j . ;••••
II i : : : ..; 30 : . i : :••••
n ! : ! i .... 1 3i i : ! : :••••
io :: I : i....h ! i: i
LOCAL NEWS
. Vioueer flour is the best; have no
other.
The baseball teams of Sutter Creek
and Amador City met last Sunday
on the former's diamond. Consider
ing tbo score, which was 17 to 16 iv
favor of butter, it must have been a
very poor exhibition ot ball playing.
Win. J. Mclico will return from
San Francisco today. His family
will return to Sutter Creek from Hear
River next Monday.
Every sack ot Peerless flour con
tains one coupon, which entitles the
bolder to one chance tor each coupon,
in a prize valued, at 8100. Amador
Mills.
The Uollober Syndicate, which
company purchased the McCutcben
bankrupt stock, has bought the dry
goods and I'uiuishiug stock of E.
VV. Kolley from the San Francisco
board of trade. M. J. liaber, man
ager of the McCutcheu stock during
that sale, has charge of the Kelley
store, and will proceed to dispose of
the goods.
Uuy the best sewing machines
made, for sale cheap. Z. T. Justus,
Weil LSldg. Jackson.
Mrs John Hemeich and , her son,
Joe, and I'yard Hoitz left for Stock
ton Monday morning for a week.-*
visit.
1. N. DuWitt aud daughter, Mr:
Martin LoL'tquist, are I'isitiug (Jeorge
Thomas iv Hunts (Juldi.
'ibe reports of appointment for
teachers for the ensuing school term
are coming iv slowly to the superin
tendent. Somo trouble has been ex
perienced by a number of schools
being applied for by one and the same
person. J.'his same thing has been
experienced elsewhere. It is charged
that a teachers' association luia boon
organized iv Los Angeles aud Oak
laud for the purpose of getting dum-.
mies to apply for schools, aud then
sending iv the nnmo of a friend as
substitute,* aud charging the teacher
so planed with commission. The
scheme has been worked with some
success iv d iltereut parts of tha state,
aid the fraud bus only recently been
exposed.
M. L. Smith Notary Public arid
Stenographer, Court St., Jackson,
Tulejnioue Ulack 413.
Mrs K. Harrington aud little daugh
ter returned Wednesday from Sun
Fraucisco, whete they spent about
ten dhjH.
Frank Uarnett, sheriff ot Alumeda
county, and W. Hi Willis of Fruit
vale, came up Wednesday, tv appeur
as witnesses in the trial of Domouico
Alanzo. They returned this morning.
Detectivo Kuuuer wus to have come
up also, but something prevented.
Ills testlmouy as given in the pre
vious trial was read to the jury.
Dr. Ci H> (JibboriH, who bus beeu
located iv Jackson for nearly a yeai,
left yosteiduy morn lug fur Colloko
City, Colii.su county, where l>e will
engage iv practice ot modicum. Ho
lived iv that section for tieveiiteeu
year* up tv ton years ago, and has)
many triomlH there, who prevailed
upon him Iv return. Dr. (iibbuns
bug miide a host ot friends in Juok
noil, who regret via leaving, but wish
him well iv his new Held.
Lodger & Chicago Intor-Ocoan, 82.50
Tuo Amartor Mills at louo nto olfer
niß mountain piuo lumber at U'JO per
M; Orcßou piuo at 822 per M. Auy
one vvuutiug lumber will do well to
call on them as the atoak will not last
long. Amador Mills.
hosier Klapg with bia family has
gnuo to Snnta Ortiz on a oonple of
weeks' vucntion.
A. Muasn wus excused from jury one
rlny tbis week nu account of the brush
lire threatening his property between
here and Pino drove. He reaobed the
old Ledoux plnce just iv time to save
'250(1 lagging ho had tbere.
Dr. Fogarty returned Kriday from
Uakdalo, where he visited for a short
time with his parents. Ilia brother
came up with him to spend a few
days' vacation.
Misses Jinniiin and Maud MeUnry
returned Friday from Loiii and Lock
ford,'where they spent a couple or
weeks.
Will liiirtlo came un Saturday from
Saoramonto, to spend a few days
with Mrs iJlaokwell and family.
Mrs Dr. Uall weut to Stockton
Monday to spend a few days with
her mother. From there she will go
to Kan Francisco.
P. li. Joyce of the Defender mine,
was a passenger Monday morning for
Sun Kruno isro.
Alias Marie i'arker, who was visit
ing her mother here, returned Sun
day to iNapa, where she is employed
in it store.
J. IJ.1 J . Wilson. Dentist. Hours 9a.
in. to 5 p. m. Phone — Otllco, black
111 : residence. I3lack 391: Jackson.
Mrs Chiis. (Jorin and Eva Chirm,
who were visiting with • friends at
tbo Hunker ilill mine, returned Mon
day to their home at Citmpo SSeco.
lieo. Urown went to Sao Francisco
Tuesday for a few days on tuisiuoss.
Alex Kuriey went to Oakland Tues
day in regards to business. He will
return in a few days.
Dr. Martin left Jackson early Mon
day morning for ADgels Camp, where
be will follow his profession of
dentistry in the future. Dr. Fogarty
will conduct the business bero alone.
Mrs J. K. liatctit'klor uijtl three chil
dren returned home this week, after
a very pleasaut month's visit with
relatives in Ativnier, Mercodfcouuty.
The man who brings in the dirtiest
iiiui greasiest cult (with Iho largest
amount orgieaso and paint in it) will
have his suit dunned free of cliargo
aud get a cash prize of 8.", by W.
Hobs, the tailor, during his opening
week. At Laoar's old stand. See
ad iv another column. .
The sad news was received by tele
phone that Edward, sou of Florence
(iianuini of the Exchange hotel, Dry
town, diod there this morning, after
a long illnoss. 'i'he l'uucial will tie
held iv Drytowu .Sunday afternoon.
Mrs Klucta Kay returned Wednes
day tioiii Oaklriiid, where Rhe spent
about six weeks visiting.
£oou>y Arditto and wife lett Tues
day morning for a cumpiag trip to
Nil iit Ltike and Kitkwcoda. They
expect tv b<j gouu about three weeks.
Criminal Returns.
Towußhip No 'J. — J 1 11 "artlin. jug
tiue of the peace, August Dufreiio,
July 'I.), complaint ol' John Fopiano
on charge of battery.
Hlchurd lioo alias X 1) Varbro, and
Julm Duo alias Aiium Hare. July 20,
ODinplaiut of Mataliuo Itulo, for dis
turbiug ttie peace. Dofouduuts grunt
ed until August li to plead.
A D Jliiymoud, July Iltl, cumpluiiit
of Natiilinn on charge of petty larceny.
Phcar's Express.
King up Sum l'heur for prompt de
livery ot trunk**, bag^u^e aud express
nacUugod. UaltiH reasonable. .Leave
orders witli I*. L, 'Jussiiielli, phono
Main !JSj utid Kxpiesa oltice, Main ill;
nsidi'iico lllunk 1<74.
Active at 87.
'I'li'H wo lid Im uuiisiiul iiowh if mnii
uiid women would keep themselves
free from rlioumutlmn aud all iu-libs
mill juiins uti well iih keeuiug their
iiniHi;l<>s uud .jiiinla limbiw- with
Iliillurd'u Suuw liiiiiniiiiil. Hold liy
Kulisi'r'd t ; i t y l'liuiiutu:y.
i?KIJ>AY, .AUGUST 7, 1908
Trial of Domenlco Manzo.
The trial ot Domenlco Manzo, no*
other of the four clinrgpd with limn
ing the Hnmmlt Uniifle, wan com
menced Moudny morning Mr Creel?
has been conducting the defense
alone, Mr Cohen, his nsaoclate beina
In OHklnnd, while Mr Taber liiih
chargo of the prosecution. Most of
Monday was consumed in drawing
the jury, though n couple of wltneßßes
wero heard, Those who compose the
jury me, L. W. .Jones, VV. VV. Jones,
A. Oi Miner, Nicholas Koruborgor.
D. U, ChurclnnHU, VV. 11. Bbarp,
Ueo. Miller, E. A. Trask, H. M.
Hhnrp, A. W. Kiml.ull, J. C. llnrdlng
and Win. C. McLano. Tho same
witnoEses are boing aniled aa were
heard in tho Uornilo trial, and practi
cally tbo ciniio tesMmoriy is boing
given. Alter del'endaut was nrrested
in Him t'raucisßO on the night of
February 14th, he was brought to
Jackson, and, iih A. lioreilo had donu,
Hindu a coufesaion '"iiic.li slntement,
the deteuso nndeavorod to knop from
tho jury on tho grounds of having
beon securod by threats, promises and
other methods. Tbo jury was not ex-
Cimed during the hnurhig of testimony
regarding the confession of which the
following is a copy as admitted in
ovidonce by tho court:
Domenico Manzo, hying ihst duly
sworn, deposoa aud says: My name
is Domenico Manzo, that on or about
tho day of January, UIOB, Agos-
( l no Borello asked me if 1 would go
to Sutter Hill near tbo town of Mutter
Creek, A mod or county, Cal., and set
lire to tho Summit House hotel, and
ho agreed to pay me 3100 after it was
burned down; that on the morning of
the ISOlli day of January, 11)0.8, I met
Agostino litirello at the Verdi hotel,
518 Greon street, city aud county of
San Francisco, and then we weut to
tbo ferries, and Agostiuo Hprello pur
chased the tickets for myself and
himself, and wo cumo direct to the
Summit house hotel; we slept in the
Summit House hotel two or three
nights, 1 don't remember exactly the
number of nights; that Agostiuo
Horello took me through the hotel
aud nliowed me tho can of coal oil
and told me to use it for tho purpose
of burning down the hotel; Agostiuo
liorello Jelt me about the 3rd day of
Kebruary, 1908, ; and 1 went aud
stopped with bis brother Marco
Horello, across the street from Ihd
hotel; 1 remained at Marco Uorello's
two or three nights, I cannot re
member exactly the number of nights,
aud left Sutter Hill at Poinelli's
place about eight o'clock iv the oven
ing on or about tbe Oth day of Febru
ary, JlKitS, and weut to lone atoot,
arriving iv lone iib.nit midnight of
the sumo day, 1 slept iv a box car at
lone until tbe train left ioue for
Stocktou, when 1 hoardad the train
aud weut to Stockton; 1 remained iv
Stocktou two or tbree days aud from
there weut to San l<'ranoiseo. 1 io
tliruud to tl.e Verdi hotel at 518 (.iret'U
street, San Francisco, aud waa
arrested tbere on the evening of tho
11th day of Fobiuary, 1908, 1 wus
placed in the city prison of the city
and county of Sun Francisco, and on
the Hth day of February, ]UOB, 1 was
brought to Jackson by tbe sheriff of
Amador county.
1 turtuer depose aud say that do
iuhd saw me sot tiro to the Summit
ilouao hotel, and if 1 would hire a
man to go out and kill another, uud
two or threo days after-Yards 1 whs
informed Unit the man wus killed, 1
could not swear that the man that 1
had hired did tbo killing, and 1 give
thid us an illustration of tbo lire that
occurred at the Summit House hotel;
Aud 1 further depose uud say time
all the stuteuieuts made by me iv tliid
alliduvit have tieeu made freely aud
voluntarily, that no promises have
beau made to me by any one, tiiut
no rewards have beeu ottered to me,
and that no concessions or induce
ments have beeu offered or extended
to me by any one to make this
affidavit. Domeuico Munzo.
The ca.ie will go to the' jury this
aftui iiooii, tbo attorneys finishing
their alignments about throe o'clock.
Logan (or Best Baby Photo's.
Logan, the premier pnotugiuplier
of Stocktou, bus wou v t-übbtauiiul
reputation by his gpieudid work iv
photographing thu little tots. Ho hat)
pleaned Miuiikiuulh with his work and
cuti certainly please you. Next time
you an) iv Stockton, biiug tho
youngsters uloug and bnve them
piiotoguipliod. Kvery comfort for
mother uud cull > J In bia nig up-to
ilale. studio at Mo. 15 S. Sail .luuquiu
street.
"Pet of Parson's Ranch."
Despite (he tact that Saturday was
a vory hot duy, a largo crowd tilled
Love's hull that evouiug to overflow
iii) 4,i ii) 4, to witness the production «>f the
"l't't of l'urtiou'H Hunch" given by
local talent for the benefit ot tiio
Methodist church. Doth tlmuiciiilly
aud from a t>l»ge point of view it wuh
a miitohh. Tickets bad beuu distri
buted iv bunchi's to memberu of thu
church, who bout every effort to dll<
pn.-io of tliiiin. lim net reoeipta fur
ttiu uveuiug amouute:] to over 8135.
Ocars th» j* llm Kind You llava Always Cough)
dignatura fj/* j jfSy^-A J f
A. BOBELLO CONVICTED.
Jury Finds Him Guilty of Arson In
Second Degree.
In the trial of A. llorollo, charged
with nr9on in tho burning of tbe
Summit House hotel near Sutter
Creek, the prosecution and dnfenee
spent I'riday afternoon in gathering
together a few scattering threads of
testimony. Saturday morning each
KM concluded the argument of the
matter. After tho instructions by
tlie court the Jury withdrew at 11 :15
to consider the case, nud after de
liberating fot two hotirfl returned v
verdict of guilty of arson In the
soednd degree. Sentence was deferred
until Homo later day. The verdict
win iii the second degree, because the
proxecutiou oould not show that dc
foiiilaut 'vus tho ouo who actually
Started tint lite, but was one of tho
conspirators and prime movera.
Arson iv tho first degree is punish
alile by imprisonment in the state
prison for not Joss than two yeais; iv
tho serum! degree, tor not less tliuti
one year, nor more thau 25 years.
•liulge Rilfit passed sentence thin
muiniiig giving Horello ton years in
Situ Queutin prison.
Fire at Preston School.
A lire broke out between one uud
two o'clock yesterday morning in
the kitchen department of the I'res
toti school at lone. The' builaing in
of threo stories, with dining room on
the upper Moore, au elevator being
u.sed to couvey tho provisions from
the kitchen to tbe rooms above. The
building is a separata affair built of
brick. The fire is supposed to have
Minted from the range iv tbe kitchen,
in winch a tire is usually kept almost
cntiEtautly. The flumes shot up
through the elevator to the rooms
above, destroying not only tbe
kitehu.li, but also the two upper
floors, iv spite of all that could be
done with v fuil force of water, the
reservoir having been (Hied by using
coul oil lamps, instead of eietrio
lights. The damage is not very seri
ous, an estimate ot 81000 in placed on
tho loss, but it will probably be con
siderably above that.
"1 suffered habitually from cnusti
putiou. Doau's Kegulets relieved
and strengthened the bowels, so that
they have been regular ever since."
—A. K. Davis, grocer, Sulphur
Springs, Tex.
Unclaimed Letters.
Pietro .Antugnoli, Miro Antelje
vich, 11. Darrell, Johnny Darrell,
■Mrs Jennie Corsiglilia, Willie
Parker, Miss Ouidii Puttee, Hlas
Curie, paper.
Forest Fires Numerous.
For the lust several days bursb
fires have been raging iv nearly half
a dozen places in tho close vicinity
of Jackson. There ant two near I'ine
(jiove, one near Mokiuuiuo Hill
another a few miles down the river,
while still another waa raging tbo
Uist of the week near Quartz Mount
ain.
Ledger and Chicago Weekly futer-
Ocean, both papers for one year $2.50
in advunco
Slate, of Ohio, City of Toledo,
Lucas County.
Frank J. Chenoy makes oath that hoi*
senior partner of tho firm of F. J
Cheney it Co: doing- business in the city
of Toledo, county and state aforesaid,
and that said firm will pay tho sum of
One Hundred Dollars for ouch and
every case of Catarrh that cannot bo
cured by tho use of Hall's Catarrh
Cure.
Frank J. Chenoy.
Sworn to bcfiiro me and subscribed in
my presence, this Oth kay of December
A. D. 1880.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken intern
ally, and acts directly on ttie blood and
mucus surfaces of tin; system.
Send for testimonials fre«>.
F. J. Cheney & Co; Toledo, Ohio.
Sold by all di ujsg 1 s s, 7o cents.
Tuko Hall "ci Family Pilln for consti
pation.
Furnished I looms to let: inquire, at
Ledger office.
PLACE YOUR SAVINGS
With us and wutch them yrow.
Our bank pays 4 per ceut in-
terest, compounded every six
months, and your money is iu
safe bunds, $1.00 will start un
account. Write to us today.
Union Safe Deposit Bank
STOCKTON, CAL.
vug. 7-2t
STILL IN THE FRONT
For full lines of cloth-
ing, shoes, drygoods, '
gloves, silks, laces,
embroideries, ladies'
waists and ties, and
corsets, all of which
will be sold to the
people of Amador
county for less than
any house in the
state, taking out the
expenses and ex-
press charges.
SHOW'S CASH STORE
Sutter Creek - California
Kennedy.— This company started
the erection about two .months ago of
a reinforced concrete building near
the East shaft, i.'hla week the work
men commenced tearing away tbe
scaffolding, and will proceed to put
tbe finishing touches to it. It is two
stories in height, tbe ground floor
ooveriue a space about 25x10 feot
while tbe upper story is smaller. Tbe
building will be used as offices of the
mine, taking the place ot the ono at
the old shaft, which was inconvenient.
SUPERIOR COURT
PROCEEDINGS
Instate of V. JVlazzetti.-'b'inul ac
couut, etc., 11 led. August 8 set |tor
hearing.
Instate of D. U. I'ardoe. — Elizabeth
Parcloe petitions for letters ot ad
ministration. The ostute consists of
au uudividod interest in about 5000
acres of land iv Amador county, and
cattle uud horses, total value being
about 820,000. Petitioner is the
widow of deceased. Other heirs are
Itauben C. i'urdoe, aged 121, J. llor
den I'ardoo aged 14, residing with
the petitioner, aud Mnude A. I'ardoe,
residing in the county of Monterey.
August 1~) get for bearing.
Estate of Ann K. Tre lease. —H. K.
totter petitions for letters, August
10 set for hearing. Kst.ate is val-ied at
not more than 8500. The only knov
heirs are 11. J. Ludt, husband, Mar
garet Ludt, Thomas C. Treleusu,
Josiuh Troloase, VVillium Treleuso
and Charles Treleaee.
A. W. Gleason.
Notary Hublic
"1 have used Cuumherluiu'B colic,
cholera aud diarrhoea remedy siuco
it was Ihst introduced to tbe public
in 1872, and have never found one in
titmice where v cure wus not speedily
effected by its use. 1 have been a
commercial traveler for eighteen
years, and never start out on v trip
without this, my fnithful friend,"
Buys 11. IS. Nichols of Oakland, Iml.
i'er. When a man bus used a remedy
tor thirty-live yearn he knows its
vulue aud itt competent tv speak ot it.
For salo by Jueksou'e drug store,
Saguoli, prop.
Tlii! chiiirmaii of the hoard of iuper
visors aud the district attorney count
ed the money iv the county treasury
aud found actually there 922,218.03
in different kiuds of i-utroney, aud
tflu.UOii on deposit with tha IJauk of
A mud or County.
STOCKTON
CARRIAGE WORKS
Buggy Tops from 810.00 up,
Auto Tops from $20.00 up \
The beat rubber tires made, put
on now uud old wlu'rls.
Discount to tho trade. ,
S. P. IMIKLAN, Proprietor,
\ No* 434 K. Market street,
I j'24ts STOCKTON, Cal.
MINING NOTES.
HON. R. C. RUST, JUDGE
Now Cases
A Faithful Friend
Treasurer's Report.
DOCUMENTS RECORDED.
| The following Instruments have been filed
lor record In tne recorder's ortlco since our luut
report. Wo publish a complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to accede to
any request to suppress any document front
these columns. Don't iisk us loilo so
Deeds— Charlotte Kamazzotti to D.
V. Kamazzotti, portion of lot 18 block
10, Sutter Creek, SlO.
Anna D. and Joseph L. Swass to
S. A. Karle, lot 4 block 2, Jot 0 block
2, and lot 0 block ij, Lausbu l'laua.
Ralph Liucas to Kebec.su I.uca9, 120
aores iv 1-4-9, aud 9 acres iv 1-4-9.
Ueed of gift.
Uiii of Sale— Lucy J. Webster and
Ada W. Mason,' to Freil Rabb, the
Whitinore band of cattle, SI.
Putent— lJ. S. to JaooD btone, half
of lot 7, and 80 acres in 7-7-11, con
taining ]-J() acres.
Mortgages— Wm. K. and Daisy N.
Mo Far laud to (Jeorgie C. Versalovich,
70 acies in l'J-6-l'J, to secure a notw
for 8:500 lor one year with interest at
7 per ceut.
Estiay Notice— Stere Ferrari,
notice of estiay, two year oJd heifer.
Locations — Nutuu Voce of tho Ulue
Uick placer claim iv IW-S-12.
Walter Uent of the White Cloud
plucer claim iv 33-8-I'J.
Agreement — lietweeu the Fremont
Con. Mining Co. and the Hambrio
Sluice Co.. composed uL I'erlo- -T.
tlambric, Joseph W. Phelpa and .Mark
h]udey. Tbe mining comjiany grant
ing the latter the privilege of treating
tho slimes at tbe Fremont mine near
Amador City for a period of five
yeurs, with tbe understanding that
they can purcnuse the plant after two
Years. The second party agrees to
puy v royulty of liO per cent of the
gross returns from the sale of all
products of tbe tailings plant.
Keliuquisbmeut of hi:(ecution. —A.
(1, Lavorono to John Glaviuich.
Volcano Fails to Show Up.
A hiist'hall game was auDounced for
lust Sunday between Volcano aud
Jackson, but at tl>e las* moment tho
Volcauo manager phoned down that
they would not be here to play. It
is understood that they made au
effort to pick a team Iroin ull over
the county, beside the Diumoud
Springs pticbor. Vut tor some roasou
they could not laud their men, so
rather tlnui try it alone called the
game oil.
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wbolcsulo Dealers acd Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic
Wines*Liquors*Ggars
JACKSON CAL.
DIBTUIHUTING AGENTS FOU J. V. M AH-
loll Cognac, Mm-: & Cbu-Jikm. Wblto He. .1
ucnl I'riviUr (Mivi'ii ('huinpikgui!; Mnr^.tu Huh.
I'iutki (Iu Kaulu Muriu hliurrtvs: Koyul Wlno
Company, C>iM>rto, I'ort Wlui^h: Uulxin Krurt'S,
llonleuiix. r.iu'i-ts ik':il S:.utn-Mi'H; CANADIAVf
CLUB WHISKY. Wr;»m WiilUtir ii, Souh, Llui-
ilul, Wnlkcrvtla. (iDUrlo, Cuuuitu; Jotiudu
KuvpiT k>; /.'miii, I'litii'tiiitir. 3ID! Ullka Kuem-
mul, frum J. A. (jllka, Ik-rlln: HurtliUtotuuy
llinwur.v Couipany. Iliicbuniur, N, Y.. Kpicker-
bocker Beer; l^mshyul Hnuid of (Juiuiiosm.
Stoat uuU H;tss' Ai.' !:..iti!i'il l>y Iti-.iil Hrot ,
laiiiiluiii: t'siutrell >!t Co.hruutt, Ucllust, (JluKtr
Air, Nucl'-r lirumty; liuiuiuortcU Amurlcua
WbUklus
56
THE CRUISE OF THE
U. S. S. LAWRENCE
From Norfolk, Va.,to San Francisco, Cal,, via the
Straits of Magellan. Dec. 2. 1907, to May 6/08.
Continued from last week.
Arrived a{ Punta Arenas today
(Feb. 4) and we certainly bad the
rough trip 1 thought we would. The
weather was horrid, and very cold,
and the aea very rough. I don't
think anybody on board has bad any
rest since leaving Buenos Ayres, be
cause in the sea these boats danced
around and plunged so much that
sleep was impossible, and in order to
eat you hnd to do a regular flying
trapeze performance, holding on witb
both root and one hand and eating
with the other bund. Most ot the
"young snlts" aboard kuvo it up as a
bad job übout the secoud day. They
said "Whut'a the use of eating any
way when it conies— well the Inevit
able result if you are at all addicted
to sou sickness. The weather calmed
down slightly on tbe morning of the
4th, and we sighted tbe Jigbtß on
either side of tbe Straits of Magellan
about 3:30 a. in. When about 40
miles from tbe entrance we sighted v
large whale, but were unable to get a
good look at him because there wasn't
enough light. However, day break
down here ut this time of the year is
about 2:3(1 p. in., and it gets dark
about 8:30 p. in., while during the
other half it gets light about 0 a. in..
»nd is dark again by 3:30 p. m.
Kntered the Straits about sa. m.,
and as there is about a twenty knot
enrrent running in our direction we
were making about 3J knots until we
reached Punta Arenas. 1 had the
twelve td four n. in. look-out watch
this morniug and witnessed one ot
the most brilliant sunrises 1 ever
saw. Those up around Kio were
grand, but this one was beyond de-
Hcriptiou. The Straits from the
Atlantic entrance to Punta Arenas
are not at all attractive, they are
about three miles wide except in two
places called "the narrows." On
both sides are barren mountains
»bout 150 Dto 2000 feet bigb, and tbe
enly ibiug worthy of mention until
you roach Puuta Arenas is a tall,
striped lighthouse on tbe north
aide, which marks the boundary be
tween Chile and Argentine Republic.
Passed through the first narrows
about 8:30 and the second about
10:45 and arrived and anchored off
Punta Arenas about 2:EO.
Punta Arenas 1b tbe most southerly
city in the world, and presents a very
peculiar appearance from the water
Iront. It is built on tbe side of a
mountain, and you can see every
building from the water, as the baok
part of the town is elevated. Nearly
all tbe buildings are small, one story
aituire, witb hardly any paint on
them, and they all have corrugated
iron roofs, and although 1 don't sup
pose they were intended to, but they
present a very uniform appearance.
The streets are all crooked and have
no modern improvements. The
population is very cosmopolitan. 1
suppose overy country in tbe world
is represented here, but most of the
people are Uermnns, Swedes and
"Spigottys," with a tew Americans
and Italians. Them are several snow
capped mountains around, but on the
whole, tbe surrounding scenery, if
the surrounding country can be call
ed "scenery," is very bleak, barren,
and uninteresting, but tbe people on
board who have boon all tbe way
through the Straits suy there is a big
surprise awaiting us after we pass
Punta Areuas. Xhe principal occupa
tion in the vicinity of I'untu Areuas
is sheep herding, and there hid also
a few gold mines in the interior.
Wo left Puuta Arenas about 11 p.
m., February 7th, iv company <vith
the battleships, tin Chilean Cruiser
*'Cbucabuco" ' at the bead of tbe
column piloting. We left at this
unearthly hour so we could rescb tbe
tir.-it dangerous plaoe in tbe Straita
by daylight.
On tbe morning uftor we left, 1 bad
tbe 4 to Ba. in. look-out watch, and
on coming up on deck from below tbe
sight "that burst upon my astonished
vision" (with more apologies to
Vergil) was simply,— well a combina
tion of grand, unexcelled, magnificent
and wonderful would about half ex
press it. For me to uttempt to de
fccribe it would be an injustice, how
ever, 1 will attempt to.
On bath sides of ub were mouu
tuiuu, bo lofty that you had to look
almost straight up to see tbe tops of
them, lhi> Straits at tbla point being
scarcely a rnilo wide. For the benefit
of anyone who may have traveled
through the Straits, 1 will say that
wo were then about 10 miles to the
westward of Cupe isidro. At the
time when 1 came on deok, it wiih
juet tlittt time iv the morning when
everything is so still and mysterious
that it seems almost sopulcbrul. Tim
buttleshlps were steaming iv column,
ui'd gliding along so silently thut oue
would almost imagine them phantom
whips, mid their white paint watched
so perfeotly with the gruy, hazy
atmospere that their outlines were
hardly risible, and their sidelights
piercing the semi-gloom gave them
tbe appearance of some huge, 'ogle
eyed' goblin, just escaped from a
iiiiry book. As I said above, not a
sound could be beard, and the six
long, low, sneaky-looking, jet black
destroyers, darting In among, the
battleship column, only added to the
enchantment of tbe soene. The
battleship column was about three
miles long, and scarcely a man was
visible throughout tbe eutire Meet,
but suddenly the bugloa began
sound tbe most dreaded ot all calls,—
"Kevileo, " and almost instantly tbe
decks are filled with blue-uulformed
sailors, starting about their day's
.duties. Upon tbe appearunce of tbe
men on the to'oastle,' quarter deck
and along the superstructure, the
whole appearance ot the ship is
changed. Ail is life uud aotion,
whore only a moment before, silence
reigned supreme. In my opinion, the
sight of the men about the decks is
what the trimmings are to a bat, they
tone up its appearance, and "set it
off" to a remarkable extent.. The
mountains on eithor side were snow
capped, and several glacierß were
visible in tbe near-by ravines, some
of them extending almost to tbe
water's edge. The sides of tbe moun
tains were densely vegetated with
stubby trees and undergrowth, and
rooks line the beach on ' either side.
Tbe sight of the ships among the
wild savage surroundings was almost
overwhelming, and just at tbe time
when 1 was enjoying it to the utmost,
— crasb, bang,— the "Lawrie 1 * had
done another one of her characteristic
stunts — broken down. Tbe starboard
blower in tbe forward tire room bad
smashed, and our speed began to
diminish, and I will cufess that
some of tbe men's expressions are
hardly presentable 'in print. lint
this only proved a blessing in dis
guise, for as our speed diminished we
were treated to another grand Bight,
seeiug the battleships go by although
as 1 said we didn't exactly like tbe
circumstances. But when just abreast
of tbe Glacier, tbe last ship in the
column, we were ready to go ahead
again, so Jwo put on a litte extra
speed and caught up with the head of
tbe column about 4p. m., but there
was a slight fog, and a characteristic
Magellan squall had just "broken,"
so most of the sbips were not visible.
We parted company with tbe battle
ships about 4 p. m., they keeping on
through the Straits proper, while we
entered Smy the channel and continued
our course up among the numerous
Islands to tbe north and west ot the
Pacific entrance of tbe Straits. The
next morning dawued clear and the
weather was 11 no, but very cold. Tbe
surrounding scenery far surpassed
my wildest expectations. It bad tbe
same general appearance of that of
the day before, but tbe sides of the
mountains were very bleak and bar
ren, being covered with buge boulders
and smaller rocks, and bud no visible
vegetation except just, a few bushes
along the wuter's edge. We had
noticed several smokes ascending
from both shores as we passed along,
consequently all bands were keeping
a bright look-out for Patugonian
SHvages, and about 2 p. in. tod by,
Feb. 9th, our vigiluuce was rovvurdt d.
A canoe puc out from tbe shore and
started toward tbe ships, so we
stopped to "have a look." Their
bout, it such a craft could be called a
bout, was ot a very rude type. it
wus not built ot birch or neatly hoi
.lowod out of a log and modeled into a
neat canoe, but was a very miserable
affulr buiit of rough-burnt planks,
lashed together with thongs. The
ours were more rough planka lathed
to very rude poles. It was about 15
feet long by about 3 feet beam. In
the center was a smull tire, and in
tbe boat were four men, three women,
and eleveu children. Although the
mercury was trying to knock tbe
bottom out of the gluss, and we nud
on everything wo could pile on and
wore still about to froeze, these Puta
gnuiaus bud only a smull skin thrown
loosely around them. We gave them
food and tobacco, or rather all the
scraps we bad, and passed on. That
night Feb. Uth, we auotiored in a
little bay behind an island called
Otter bay. As there was still four
hours of daylight v party of us went
iislhui) and climbed a high mountain
on tbe island. 1 eujoyed it very
much, but it wus ruthor strenuous
sport. The mountain Had a little
short vegetation, bu* wus nearly
covered with huge boulders, which
inude tin! UHCeut a little (Illlkuilt ami
a trifle dangerous.
(iot under way ut 4 a. in., February
10, At 7 :tJO a. in. we cumo to a pluce
a little nmii) open than usual, and
AMADOR LmmTZUt JACKSON, CAL
in a rnrlnn near by there wna an un
usually laige glaoler, from which
oevet-al pieced or ten, weighing pro
bably 2000 tons eaob, bad broken off
and rolled Into the water. On round-
Ing a point we came upon them sud
denly, but Avoided n collision with
any of them. The Flotilla stopped,
and each ship went alongside one of
the loe bergfl and took on r Joad of
ice, we taking on two or three tons.
It wtiH a rather novel experlonae and
one we will all remember. We alao
saw n Hinnli whale about 11:5)0, but
didn't get n very good look at it.
The Straits along here wote very
crooked, and we described a flguie of
eight about overy ten minutes. At
times you some in eight of a moun
tain that rises out of the water direct
ly in front of you, apparently block
ing the channel, but on reaching if.
you find a narrow pnssnge around tbe
side of it, some of '..hem so narrow
that you can almost reach out and
touch tbe shore, in fnot, almost two
thirds of the tltno in these channels a
small child could easily stand in the
center nt the deck and toss a base
ball to eithor shore.
About 2:'JU p. in. we entered icy
channel, whicb ueitainly deserves its
name, for almost as soon us you enter
you can foel the ioy breaths of several
large glaciers In the immediate
vicinity. You enter this channel
from a comparatively wide obannel,
between two very high mountaine
aboat }£ at n mile apait, and the
obannel throughout its entire lengtb,
nbout 10 miles, is in no place wider
than this, and in places is not so
wide. Ihero are several utmost rtuht
angular turns in it, and making
them is a "bair raiser" for fear.
There are millions of ducks and other
water fowls all along tbe channel and
we had great sport taking wing shots
f assed a wrecked steamer about 5 :'IU
this afternoon, but was unable to
ascertain her Dame.
We anchored tonight (Feb. lOtb) in
a little bay at the entrance to Moley
neux Sound. There was a little
cabin ashore in \vliich some "Wpi
gottys" lived that were running a
lumber camp. They were rather
surprised but awfully glad to see
us, although we couldn't "sabe"
much each other said.
dot under way at 4:30 a. in. and
passed Michael Point abeam at about
4:10. Tbe only change in the scenery
today is that the mountains are more
barren and uninteresting, and the
weather is 'warmer. At about 7:30
p.m. we got outside of tbe passages
and struck open water. We ran into
a heavy fog which Justod until about
4:30 a. m., when we got behind some'
more islands.
At about '.i:"M p. m., after following
some more very crooked channels,
between some islands, and passing
some very pretty snotv-oovered mount
ains, we arrived at, and came to
anchor of a small village called
(juellon. It is only a village ot
about fiUO inhabitants, but is an im
portant lumber exporting port and
has an alcohol distilling plant. They
also have aa eleotrio light syßtem
whicb looked rather funny on ac
count of tbe size of the place. The
inhabitants, mostly "tipigottys"
brought out poultry, eggs, vegetables,
oio., which they preferred to barter
for clothing and tobacco rather than
fur money.
Bemained lioro all night, and about
5 a. m. the next day got under way.
About 8.30 we got out from behind
tbe island and struck open wuter.
One of the densest fogs 1 ever saw en
veloped everything. In fact it was
considered so dangerous that tbe Flo
tilla stopped and lay to for over three
hours waiting for it to lift. There
is a peculiar sea growth called kelp
in these waters. Jt grows in large
buncbee, some bunches being uu
choretl by their roots to rocks ami
called "llxed kelp," and otheis are
floating around. While we were laying
to waiting for the fog to lift, this
floating kulp oumpletely surrounded
tbe ship and gave her the appouiuuce
o( being lilted out of the water uud set
high and dry upon some island. Its
branches and roots ure very teuueious,
and wo experienced quite a little dilli
oulty in getting clear of it when
ready to proceed.
Arrived at Talcahuauo, Chilo, to
day Feb. 15. Tuloabuano is situated
in a small augle on the southwest side
of Conception bay. Conception buy is
said to be tbe finest harbor on this
coast, mid 1 think it compares very
favorably with Jiio Janeiro's, tbe
Iliiiint in the world, The enhance is
between two averagud-aizud hills, and
is i'ni'tiilud on either side by v .small
fort. The eurrouuding country is
mountainous, their heights ranging
irom 1700 to 1800 teet. Tulfltiliuauo
presents v fair upi'eurauoo train the
wuter front, although most nf the
buildings ure of Unit sumo low "splg
gutty'detiigu. The buildings and wnre
huiiMM idling the wutur front prosent
v better appearance thuii thoao baok
further. Their docks ure not very ex
tunxive—one wooden duck is nil they
have.
WVnt ashore tG-dtty, and on closer
lunpuotlou Titleuhuiuiu looks a little
bolter, although it bus the sumo do
frets— iiiurinv, dirty ntruut -,nnc| build
ings of very crude deriigni, but about
two blocks back from the water front
Is (he Inevitable plaza; but in justice
to It 1 will say that it is very pretty
— nicely paved with tiles all around,
lots of pretty flowers, and In tbo cen
ter! a little band stand. On one side
of tbe plaza are tbe ruins ot a once
handsome old church, destroyed a few
mouths ago by tire. The town Is built
among some little hills, and tbe left
hand side being built around the side
of a ratber large hill. They have a
few smnll street cars, drawn by don
keys. Knob car is operated by a man
and his wife. The man is the motor
inim(Y) and tbe woman the conductor.
It appeared tatber ludicrous to us to
have a woman collect tbe fares.
About nine miles fiom Talcahuauo
is tbe city of Conception. It is a very
pretty little city or about 40,000 in
habitants, and is the capital of the
province of Conceptiou. It is reached
by stenui cars from Talcahuano. 1
took a trip up on February 18b. and
spent tbe evening. Tbe cars and roll
lug stock are all of English build.
Thero is a very nice depot both nt J nl -
cubunno and Conception. There are
several other little cities around tho
shores of the buy, but hardly of
euough consequence to mention. The
Cbiloau government has a navy yard
here (at Talcahuano) and a very good
dry dock. There are three very good
looking Chilean inen-of war at anchor
iv tbe harbor at prosent.
Left Talcahuano to-day, Feb. 25th,
bound for Callao, Peru. When wo
got outside the bay we found it pretty
rough, and a stern sen running which
kept up until the day before we reach
ed Callao. We dropped land about
4.30 p. m., and sighted no more land
until about 8.30 a.m., March Ist, when
we arrived off the entrance to Callao
harbor. Day before yesterday, Feb.
28th, all the bright work (polished
braes) about the ship began to turn a
very peculiar blue and purple, much
to tbe consternation and distress of
tbe men detailed to keep it bright.
This was caused by tbe "Peruvian
painter." There aro numerous salt
peter mines all along the coast of
Peru, and as saltpeter bus the above
mentioned effect upon brass, as soon
as we came within twenty or thirty
miles of the coast all tbe bright work
began to 'turn,' and tub and polish as
much as you would, it would not
come off. i
Callao is situated on the northeast
side of the harbor. The harbor is a
very nice one, about four miles wide
by three long, but is not all pretty
or picturesque. To tbe south are
very barren mountains of sand, about
000 feet bigb, while to tbe north and
east the foothills ot .the lofty Andes
rise. Lima, tbe capital, situated on
the' north side, is visible from the
harbor on a clear day. .lust to tbe
south of tho entrance of the harbor
are several small mountainous' is
lands, almost totally covered by salt
peter, and on first eight, it appears to
be snow. However, on tbe day we'ar
rived old Sol was doing his duty so
well that all ideas of its being snow
were quiokly dispelled. There were
thousands of seals just outside the
harbor, and we also saw several inside,
but they are of a very inferior breed,
and are of no commercial value.
Thero are several hundred mer
chant vessels of all nations iv tbe
harbor, uud several Peruvian men-of
war. We anchored just off tbe marine
landing about 2.30 p. m., March Ist.
Tbe battleships left yesterday, Feb.
20th, and all the papers are full ot
articles about them and entertain
ments tendered them.
Callao doesn't present a very pre
possessing appearance from our an
chorage, and 1 can't say that it im
proves very much on going ashore.
Tbe streets are very narrow and dirty,
and are very roughly paved, especial
ly near tbe water front. Most of the
buildings are very old, ot bad design,
and ratber ugly. There are soverul
pretty little plazas around that re
lieve the general bad appeurauce of
tbe plaoe, however.
About nine miles from Callao,
among the foothills of the Andes, ut
an altitude of übout 500 feet, is Lima,
tbe capital. It is a very nice place—
most of the streets rather narrow, but
well paved and clean. The buildings
are nearly all old and antique look
ing, but not of bad appearucu, uud
there are quite a lew new up-to-date,
and very hundsome buildings. When
we arrived at (Julian all tbe business
bouses were closed for two duys dur
ing a carnival they were having.
People thronged tbe balconies, which
overhang the sidewuiks on both sides,
armed with little thin rubber sacks,
tilled witb water, holding about a
pint, and as you pass along the oppo
site side you received a merciless
poJtiug, whiuh you are powerless to
prevent. We men Iv uniform got more
than our share, as we were very con
spicuous. There ure Botne very inter
esting old buildings in Lima, among
them an old Cuthollo cutbedrul built
by tbe Incus in thirteen hundred and
something. Tim body of Pizurro 1b iv
here, and ulso some of the old luca
rulers. We were ullowed to see Pizur
ro'ti body, but not those of the lucu
rulers, us the vault iv which tbey-uru
buried,which is under the main ultur,
( .)
' 'iiittiuubci oil punt) 7. )
EQUAL
' EBB? -^Dfj^v yj *# *l~0" \ Tjy^jffa TrSsalUiJSffil \ I LffindrnXSr
I i yTJarS^^r^riuTa ' V^ btTi M MI v I fill KWMM r'luttf^ur
DEMAND Trt * BRAND
I! DRIFTED SNOW ELOUR |
I "Eureka!" Science cries at last, I
i For long and weary ages past,. I
j I've searched, and now found just the Flour i
j To brighten up Life's every hour. \
\ DRIFTED SISTOW FLOUR ]
HIGH GRADE ICE CREAM AND CANDIES
We will mail you a one-pound box to any address in the U. S.
for 75 cents, or a two-pound boxjfor $1.35. Stamps accepted.
The Wave-434 E. Main st.. Stockton.
• NOBTF MAIN STREET JACKSON, CAL •
| CITY MEAT MARKET, j
• GEO. L. THOMAS & CO. •
«"• Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, Hams, •
• Corned Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc* *
• At lowest market prices. - - - ' Orders promptly delivered. •
• •••••••♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦••♦♦••••••••••••••••••••©•••••••••••B
SAVE MONEY
BY USING
PIONEER FLOUR
Because it will make* more loaves
of bread to the sack than any
other. Made from strongest wheat
—MANUFACTURED BY—
• PIONEER FLOUR MILLS. SACRAMENTO •
FURNITURE STORE
Webb Building. JACKSON,
L. C. WHITE PROPRIETOR
Only Exclusive Furniture Store in Amador County.
Bedsteads, Mattresses, Bureaus,
Tables, Chairs, Rockers, Desks,
Carpets, Matting, Linoleum, Window Shades
Ranges, Cooking and Heating Stoves
Everything in the housekeeping lino may bo found
at this storo, of up-to-date design and quality, and
at roasonablo pricos.
Houses furnished Complete on liberal terms.
Carpets fitted and sewed to any sized room; a large assortment
to seloct from.
Cull and oxamioo tho largo and cornplote stock, and get prices
boforo purchasing elsewhere.
Orders from tho county will receive prompt attention.
Rurnituro Polish, Liquid Glue, and Insect Powder,
Second Hand Furniture Bought, Sold or
[Exchanged.
All kinds of Furniture Repair Work Done.
Silk Floss Mattresses mado to order.OFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National Government.
EXECUTIVE
President Theodoro Roosovclt
Vice President. .Charles W. Fairbanks
JUDICIARY
U. 8. SUPREME COURT JUSTICES
(Chief Justice Fuller)
First circuit Oliver W. Holms
Second circuit.... Rufus W. Peckham
Third circuit Ilenery W. Urown
Fourth circuit Melville W. Fuller
Fifth circuit Edward w. White
Sixth circuit... John M. Ilarlan
Seventh circuit William R Day
Eight circuit. David J. Brewer
Ninth circuit Joseph McKenna
NINTH JUDICAL CIRCUIT
(Pacific States and Territories)
Circuit judgo William W. Morrow
Circuit judge Esklro M. Ross
Circuit judge William B. Glltwrt
U. S. Commissioner for Amador coun
ty Richard Webb
LEGISLATIVE .
SENATORB FROM CALIFORNIA
George C. Perkins and Frank P. Flint
CONGRESSMEN FROM CALIFORNIA
First district Wm. Englebright
Second district. ..Duncan E. McKlnlay
Third distrsct Joseph K. Knowland
Fourth district Julius Kahn
Fifth district E. A. Hayes
Sixth district James C. Noedham
Seventh district James McLachlan
Eighth district S. C. Smith'
State Government.
EXECUTIVE
Governor James N. Gillett
Lieut-Governor Warren R. Porter
Secretary of State. . . .Charles F. Curry
Controller A. B. Nye
Treasurer Wm. R. Williams
Attorney-General Ulysses S. Webb
Surveyor-General. . Wm. S. Kingsbury
Supt. State Printing.. W. W. Shannon
Clerk Supreme Court.. .F. L. Caughey
JUDICARY
SUPREME COURT
Chief Justice Wm. H. Beaty
Associate Justice....! 1 . B. McFarland
Associate Justice F. W. Henshaw
Associate Justice W. G. Lorigan
Associate Justice F. M. Aogellottl
Assoctate Justice Lucian Shaw
Associate Ju&tice M. C. Sloss
APPELLATE JUSTICES
First district James A. Cooper
First district Samuel P. Hall
First district. Frank H. Kerrigant
Second district Matthew T. Alfen
Second district James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw
Third district Norton P. Chipmnn
Thi.id district Albert G. Burnett
Third district Elijah C. Hart
' BOARD OP EQUALIZATION
First district Joseph H Scott
Second district Alex Brown
Third district Richard E. Collins
Fourth district Jeff D. McElvalne
RAILROAD COMMISSION
First district Alex C. Twrin
Second district Andrew M. Wilson
Third district. .Theodore Suminerlaud
LEGISLATIVE
Senator, 10th district A. Caminettl
Assemblyman. 11th dist..G. F. Snydor
U. S. LAND OFFICE
[Sacramento]
Register John P. Armstrong
Receiver. Will A. Newcum
County Government.
Superior Judgo Hon. R. C. Rust
Sheriff & Tax Collector. . .U S Gregory
Deputy W. T, Connors
District Attorney C. P. Vicini
Clerk and Auditor J. R. Huberty
Deputy L. Newman
Recorder D A. Patterson
Deputy L. G. Meehun
Treasurer George A. Giltton
Assessor C. E. Jurvla
Deputy Georjjo A. Gordon
Surveyor Wm. Brown
Supt. of Scbols W. H. Gruunhalgu
Supt. Hospital F. B. LeMoin
Physician E. E. Endicott, M. D.
Corner & Public Admr. . .PL E. Potter
Court Commissioner. . . .Geo A Gordon
BO AItO OF SUPERVISORS
Township 1 John Strohm, Jackbou
Township 2W. Amlck,[Chalrman]lone
Township It A. Grlllo, Volcano
Township 4D. A. Fraser Suttee Crock
TownahipC L. Burke, Plymouth
JUSTICES OF THE PEACE
Townbhlp No. 1 A. Goldner
Township No. 2 T. 11. Gartlin
Township No. 3 A. W. Robln»on
Townuhlp No. 4 VV. L. Rose
Township No. 5. . ; John Blower
CONSTABLES . »
Township No. 1 A. Laverono
Township No. 2 J. E. Xc-lhy
Township No. S TV C. MeKenze
Township No. 4 T. S. Tattle
Township No. 5 N. E. Wheeler
Cruise of the Lawrence.
Continued
Is held very sr.cred, and no ono but
the priests ever enter, Plzarro'n body
is in n marble casket, with a Rlnsa top
aud Bide, hermetically pnnlod. It is
nothing but n skeleton covered with
dry, In-own. ekin, .lmt in voncliocl for
by some very responsible authorities
aa belnu tbe original body. The cath
edral on -tlio outside la rather ugly,
being built of yellow adobe brink, be
ginning to crumble in some places,
but inside It is altogether difterent.
'I'be main nltnr la huge, rind very elab
orately constructed and decorated, nnd
mast have taken years to build. Along
the sldoß are rooms about 23x1i0 Jtaot,
in eaob of wbiob is a small altar for
private set vices. Home of these altars
me veritable works of ait, inlaid with
gold, and very bandfcomoly decorated
and equipped. It Is in .one ot these
tbat the body of Plzarro rests. Along
tbe walls are somo very bandsome old
paintings, each representing somo
eoene from the life of Christ. Just
in front of this cathedral is fii very
pretty little I'lh/.h, and on the loft
are some of tbe municipal buildings,
among .them tbe puiice station. It
1b said that whenever a municipal
election 1b beld tbat ono party gnts
on tbe roof of tbe polico station, nnd
tbe other party takes up a position
in the towers of the old cuthedral I
bave just described, and n pitched
battle is waged, the little plaza being
sometimes covered witb dead bodies.
To substantiate this the old cathedral
is covered witb bullet boles. Lima is
divided into two sections by a moun
tain stream that flows down a little
valley, and tbe two sections are con
nected by a bridge. Lima and Callao
are connected by both steam and eieo
trio cars, all the rolling stock being
of American builrl and very modern.
Half way between Lima and Callao
is tbe electric power bouse, wbioh is
Jittud witb very up-to-date machinery
and appliances. Tbe railroad runs
by Lima, aud e::tends up into tbe
Andes, attaining a level of 25000 feet.
Tbere are a great many American
euigneers down bp.ro, in fuct this
railroad, which is one of tbe greatest
teats ot engineering skill in tbe
world, was built by an American
Company. On tbe outskirts of Lima
is a large marble statue, erected to
commemorate the unity of Peru,
Bolivia, and two other small re
publics, but for some reason, after
tbe statue bad been unveiled, tbey
failed to unite, and came near having
a war instead and tbe statue was tbe
object of much ridicule by the
nnißiiciiu bluejackets.
The native Peruvians are of very
good appearance, tbe upper classes
having only a shade darker ekin
than Americans. Tho standard of
civilization is very bigb, but 1
baven't seen a country ou tbe whole
trip that onu compare witb tbo good
old U. a. A.
Left Callao March 9th, en route to
Panama, and found tine weather out
side, wbicb we kept until reaching
Panama on March 14th. Our course
into our anchorage at Panama was
between several small billy islands,
and we- cume to anchor in Panama
tioads, about lour miles oil: shore,
just otf La lioca, tbe Pacific terminal
of tbe canal. We were forced to
anchor at this distance from shore as
tbere is about a 20-foot raise and tall
of tide here. Tbo city of Panama can
hardly be called pretty, but it isn't
exaotly ugly. All tbe buildings, or
rather most of them, are of the same
"Spltjotty" material, but tbere are
several thousand Americans bore
now, aoneequontly tbings are becom
ing more aud more Americanized
every day. Most of tbe oanal em
ployes life just outside of Panama in
a settlement callorl Anoon, or rather
Ancou is just a part of Panumii culled
by that uuine. Tbey bave "quarters"
built by Undo Sam nnd furnished
them frne of charge. They aro
iiinduls of cleanliness, and mo plain
but convenient,, and not bud look
ing. Uncle Sam bns transformed
our etrip along tbe Istbmus from a
dirty, swampy, unhealthy wilderness,
into a clohu. healthy region, with
tbe moat purled winitury npplinuoes
in the few yeurs we hiivo bad bold of
it.
J took two trips ou tbe railroad
across tho IstliniuH, so bad a pretty
good look at the ctuial. Ou tbe day
befoio we loft Hear Admiral Kosseau,
U. H. N., bad ISOO of us as tiis guests
od a special train tor a trip along the
canal. We wore lauded by a tug at
La Homi ulioiit 9 a. m., where we
boardod tbe special waiting for ua.
About five miles east of Panama uud
a couple OH miles west ot (Julobnt tbe
traiu csroHHuH the ('until on a trestle,
uud a good but short view can be ob
tained of the canal in directions. Ou
tbe right tho famous Oulebra Cut Is
visible troi.l tbls point. About fifteen
miuutos later wo readied Clllobra,
tbe highest point *ou the Isthmus,
uud tbe greatest obstacle) to over
come is rluht here, ibe oanal has
to be cut through v ntntio of hills
wbioh has proved rather dittleult,
but is bding put through just tie
burnt). Our truiu was backed around
rmiDAY. AUGUST 7, 1008.
on a spur to the tide of tbe canal to
watch Inn monster steam shovels at
work. Ihese huge machines remove
5 cubic yards of mirth at a time nnd
muke tbtee digs n minute. They are
mounted on tracks and can be run m>
and down on tbe bed of the canal.
The bed of the canal resemble* a
busy railroad yard mote than any
thing else at present. There are
several sets of double traoks along
tbo cauat, on one of which is tbe
steam shovel and ou tbe other tbe
dirt trains run by endlessly, lining
11 1 loci by the steam shovels aa they
pass. All of our machinery la of
modern build aud built to withstand
tbe heaviost use. This Is whero
France 'fell down' in bet attempt to
build tho canal. All of bet ma
chinery was very frail, aud piles of
it lino tho railroad track on either
aide— discarded, because it was too
light end generally no good. Kvl
deutly they didu't realize what tbey
were up against when they tackled
it. Tho total amount to be excavat
ed before tbo canal will be complet
ed is 120,000,000 cubic yards, of
which about 28,400,000 has been taken
out. Tbe main machine shops of tbe
canal are located at Uorgonn and
employ about 1000 men. We reached
Christobol out i2:UO p. m. and all
bands wont down to one of tbe
government hotels where we bad
lunch, afterwards repairing to tbe V.
M. C. A., where we spent a very
pleasant hour with them in tho
gymnasium, and singing, dancing,
playing games, aud having an all
round good time. Tbe return trip to
La Jioca was also very pleasant, leav
ing Cbristobol at about 8:30 and
arriving at La Uooa about (! o'clock,
the total distance across tbe railroad
being about 52 miles.
On tho first Sunday afternoon we
were there, there was a special bull
fight arranged for our entertainment.
About 400 bluejackets attended, and
enjoyed it as much as could be ex
pected in view of tbe repulsive
features from an American point of
view. There were four bulls killed,
one of thorn by a 'matador souorita'
(lady matador).
We left Panama about 5:30 p. m.,
March 22. There was a little ground
swell running ou the first night out,
but it soon calmed down so the water
was as smooth as glass. Tbe weather
was tine, tbe sky clour and Old Sol
working ovor time. On tbe third day
out we came to a place wuere thou
sands of turtles were laying on the
surface of the water basking in tbe
hiiu and sound asleep. They were
such sound sleepers tbat we ran into
several with tbe ship. Ah wo were
very short on fresh beef, having
been living on "Cauned Willie" for
two days we stopped to catch some of
them. Pulling boats w,ent out from
each ship and the turtles were so
sound asleep tbat all wo had to do
was to pu'l alongside' them, grab
them by v flipper, and yank them iv
the boat. We got a boat loud in
about fifteen miuutos, and bad turtle
ala everything on the calender for
the rest ot the run.
We arrived at Acapulco, Mexico,
about 1 p. m., March 28. It is
situated in a small bay almost en
tirely surrounded by mountains.
Tbe town is protected by a small
adobe fort that looks like v (i-prlr.
would knock it clear off tbe map.
The. town is hardly more than a vill
age. Kverythiug is very dirty and
ugly looking, most of tbo houses
being built of a mixture of mud aud
grass, with thatched roofs. It is
almost unbearably hot here and we
will all be glad to get away, as it is
by far tbe worst place we have struck
yet. There is a fiuo bench here,
and about tbe only recreation wo get
is going iv swimming after the sun
goes down.
Tbe "Lawrie" was iv pretty bad
shape wlimi wo arrived beie. We
went ail out of fresb water, aud near
ly out of coal and bad to go along
side tbe Hopkins and get some us
soon as we got iv. We certainly hud
a close shave from tbo tow line this
trip. The natives hero bnun out
poultry utid eggs to tho ships to sell,
and as the prices are reasonable we
are all making up tor that tii:;i> we
were starving on burd tack uud
canned willie. J bey also bring out
shells, Mexican huts, sandals, etc.,
and good cigars are very cheup, mi
all bauds are laying in a supply.
Coalu.l ship from the U. S. S.
Arolhutu ull day on Mttrob ilOth and
all night aud pulled out of Acapulco
about ft p. in., April 2nd.
Hud v^ry good, but considerably
cooler weather ull tbe way up. Noth
ing of interest happened ou tbe trip
until about 5 p. in. on tbo duy before
we got in, and then something did
happen, tbe 'Lawrie' had to have v
tow line. We run short ou coal aud
consequently hud to be towed ot; in.
Arrived otf the eutrunce to Mugdu
leuu Hay übout op. m., April sth.
Ou getting inside ull the lights on
tbe battleships, who reuched here
ahead of us, uuuio in view uud there
wore ao many of them that you would
imagine it was n large city in the
distance. We run Inside uud came
to uuchor about 0;30. Magduleuu
liar is übuut 15 miles wide uud übout
30 mi it b long. Ou tbe western aide
is a plateau of barren, sandy mount
ains that slope down to a low, lint
plane on the eastern side. There are
mountains on both side* of the en
trance, but no vinil.ln fort ideations,
in foot, there la nothing to fortify.
A small village of about twenty
holism on the western shore is the
only thing In sight. We held our
taCord target practice on Sunday,
April 12, making the second beet
score in the Flotilla. Went ashore
Huiiciuy Rfternoon late and vlaitod
the little village on the shore, also
visited the marine cemetery where
several American blue jackets are
bttrled. (Jood fish are very numerous
here, and as the I'lotllla has a seine,
some ship taxes it out every night
and catches enough for the whole
Flotilla. We bad it last night and
oaiigbt so many Hab Hint we can't
give them all away, so our decks are
littered with ilsb, and the ship's
cooks working over time to salt them
down before they spoil.
We were challenged several weeks
agn by the Whlpple's 20-ft. cutter,
and nooepted, and the race was pulled
oft' tbls morning (April Si), we being
tbo victors by about four boat
lengths. Completed record torpedo
practice on April '.Kith, making a
pretty bum score, ami sailed the eimiu
afternoon about 7 p. in. for Sun
Diego, Cal.
Arrived in San Diego early on the
morning of the 28tb, after a rather
bad passage, due to the 'Cold lirick'
having salty boilers and hanging
back, and the foga. ban Diego is :i
vety nice little plaae of about, 10,000
and we received a very liotuty wel
come from the people, so wo enjoyed
our three days' stay very much,
especially as it was tbo first American
port we struck since leaving Norfolk.
Hailed for San Pedro about 5 a. in.,
May Ist, and arrived there shortly
after noon. Tbe next day forty of us
left tbe ship us guests of tbe citizens
ot Los Angeles for nn excursion.
And such a trip. "Uere's bow"— We
left tbe ship about 8 a. in., and board
ed the cars for Los Atigeles, arriving
there about .'lO minutes later after a
rido through a veiy beautiful section
of the country. We went from tbe
cars to the chamber of commerce
building, where we wero shown one
of the finest exhibits 1 ever saw in
the line of a state's products, and
everything beautifully arranged. ■ At
10 o'clock we all got in automobile?
wbicb were awaiting us, aud each
man given a smal! Amercian ensign;
they all formed line and wo wont on
a sight-seeing trip all over the city.
There wete about eigbty autos in the
line and each one full of bluejackets
waving their flags aud cheering for
all tbuy were worth. At twelve tbe
ride was over and we went to one of
the beat cufos in town for lunch-
Levy's. After a very sumptuous
luncheon we all proceeded to tbo
Orpheum tbeuter to the matineo, and
us there was a v«ry good bill on tbat
week wo enjoyed it greatly. Tbat
eight there wns a Dig dance in our
honor at tbe Chutes park, aud pretty
girls there galore, and of course it
is useless to say that we enjoyed it.
And all this was entirely free,— we
were guests of honor at it all, — our
money was tainted. If we started to
pay for anything that day it was
"Nix on the coin, jack" its all free.
The people were, the nicest to tbe
bluejacketß ot any pluce we ever visit
ed, and it was certainly with regret
that »c left.
On leaving San Pedro on April 3rd,
we struck very heavy weather and
were shaken up considerably, but
wcathorod it ull right, uud arrived in
Simla Cruz about 1 p. m. the next
day, where we met the battleships.
We didn't get ashore here, but it
wasn't much of a place any way, just
v little bea-side summer resort.
We got uuder way about 3 p. tn.,
April 5, aud steamed up the coast to
the ttntianoe to Frisco harbor, arriv
ing thereabout 11 p. m., and anchor
ed for the night. As boon iih we were
sighted Boveral large tires wore light
ed on the beach ho eveiybody would
know we hud uriived. Tbe next
morning 'at 11 o'clock we all got
under way, uud after being joined
by tho l'ucirlc Fleet, steamed luto
ttio Übldea Uute to our anchorage
oil' the city. Tim shore on eithor
side was black with people watching
us, and tho buy packed with loriy
boats, and pleasure crufts of ull de
scriptions. Thorn was one cuutiuual
roar of guns saluting us us wo cume
iv 'uud you could licur the people
cheering fur miles. All the shies
steamed up tbe ousteru side of tbe
bay aud down the other side, bauk to
our anchorage uud ull anchorod in
four lines, drossiug ship as soon as
the anchor wus down. It was certain
ly one of tbe gruudest sights 1 evet
■-aw, and iv fuct, as we look back on
it all, we nay it was a tine cruise,
iiml one we are gltid we took, but
there U not a mau in tbe ciew that
isn't glad to be at home uguiu, but
ull bauds want a trauster from tbe
Luwreuco.
And co here ends the cruise of the
"LB«rif."
(JliOHpeijt uruideut insurance-- Dr.
I'lioiiius' l.'cleotiio Oil. .slops tlie
I'Hin taid heula tie wound. All div»-
Uista sell It,
ESTABLISHED 1800.
THE
AMADOR LEDGER
Published in the Center of the 1 tichest
Mother Lode Gold Belt.
Printed every Friday Afternoon.
R. Webb, Editor and Proprietor. M. F. Cai.kins, Business Manager
Tl^e Old_est
3^/Lost XrLHuLentieuL .
J^Lost "\7v r "id.el37* CizcialatscL
And OrLl3r All-Home :Frin.t
Paper published in Amador County.
The Best Advertising Medium
Republican is politics
But the slave of no party
■
And the foe of alljpolitieal aud Official Cliques and Rin^s
• Preo and Independent in the discussion^of al' matters pertaining <o
to the Local Government
■
Fearless in the ventillation and exposure of Official Wrong Doing
The Paper for the Family
For the Farmer?
For the Miner
' For the Merchant and Business Man r 1
For the Taxpayers and Citizens^Geuera' J
Two! Dollars per year
If paid strictly in advance; otherwise $2.50 will be charged.
OUR CLUBBING RATES:
Ledger and Dally Call, ono yoar.S 9 00 Ledger and Weekly Chicago In-
Leclgor and Weekly Call one year 320 tar-OOTan
T . n _ .. _ , , Ledger and Cosmopolitan Maga-
Leagoi- and Daily Chronicle, one zino ono year T.. 2{75
year 9 00 Ledger and McCall's Magazine, 1
Lecper «>nd Weekly Chronicle, year.including free pattern 2:50
ono year 3 00 Ledger and Pandex of tbo Press 2 75
Ledger and Daily Examiner lyear 900 J Ledger and Pictorial Review „2 50
Our Job Printing Department
Is the most Complete to be found int tho mountains.
Up-to-date presses, Simplex Typesetting Machine, Folder, Perforating
Machine, Numbering and Punching Machines.
We buy our paper stock from Manufacturers at Bottom prices.
Billheads, Letter Heads, Statements.
Pamphlets, Posters, Dodgers,
Checks, Receipts, Tags,
Business and Visiting Cards,
Programs, Etc.
All kinds of Legal Blanks, Briefs and Transcripts printed proinptlyjunil
neatly. C. jln short, we can do anything in the printing line
OTJ-JEZ ZF^ICIES axe DE2 r<3-E33
Wo Can an Do Compote with City Prices.
If vmi havoan.v hi gln thp printing Hue, don't eeud uvvay but pat
ronizo hoin ■ industry
78
LOCAL EDITORIAL COLUMN.
PROTESTED IN VAIN.
By the proceedings of the board of city trustees published
in another column, it will be seen that a bill- from the City
Commercial Co., an outside printing concern, for election
supplies furnished for the last city election, was presented in
the sum of $72.40, and allowed for $61.15. There is some
thing peculiar, not only in the contraction of this claim in
the first place, but in the manner of its presentation, and
allowance by. the board. The supplies were ordered by the
then city clerk, L,,J. Glavinovich, within a week after the
present contract for city printing was awarded to the Ledger.
If a contract for any kind of supplies with a city or county
government is not intended to cover everything required by
such government, during the period of the contract it is
about as useless a thing as can well be imagined. The law
requires city printing to be let by contract to the lowest
bidder annually. It is the duty of the officers to see that
everything in the printing' line is included in the schedule,
and if not so included, the work, on any reasonable interpre
tation, goes to the printer to whom the printing contract has
been awarded. Any other construction makes a mandatory
provision of the law a farce. Think of a board of trustees
calling for proposals for furnishiug one solitary item in the
job printing line, and letting a contract to the lowest bidder
on that item, and therafter claim that the city was free to
take all other printing elsewhere without any contract or
fixed rate. This in spirit is not only what is claimedjby our
city managers, but what has actually been done. Home
industry has been ignored, as well as their own express
agreement, and work sent to San Francisco in preference in
the teeth of legal provisions prohibiting such preference.
What would be thought by the storekeepers here, if an order
for a few shovels 01 picks for city work was sent to an out
side retail house, when local dealers were prapared to furnish
them, of equal quality and at less. price.
As contract printer the proprietor served a protest upon
both the city trustees and clerk at the time this order was
given. We did not know at that time where the order had
been sent. A claim against county or city is outlawed un
less presented withiu six months of the incurring of the lia
bility. After the lapse of five mouths this particular bill
crops up for allowance and payment. It calls for $72.40 —
a larger sum than the total for job printing received under
the coutract during the current year. We again served a
protest upon the city trustees,city clerk and treasurer, but the
claim was allowed notwithstanding, after being shorn to the
extent of $11.25, for the reason that the printing and supplies
for the preceding election, secured exclusively through local
business houses cost that much less than the City Commer
cial Co.'s claim as presented, So it was no question of econ
ouy that caused the work to be sent away from home. The
truth is the cost would have been further materially reduced
if the items had been scheduled in the advertised list which
was made the basis of the bids for city printing. •
The City Commercial C 0.,. from recent investigation, is
not a legalized corporation. It is a name adopted by a com
bination of two or three printing firms in San Francisco,
banded together for the purpose of monopolizing the munici
pal printing of that city. It has been repudiated by the
mayor after full inquiry, revealing it's methods.
This City Commercial Co.'s bill was made out on one of
the regular city claim blanks. It is all typewritten, except
the printed portions. It is neither signed nor sworn to, as is
usually done. There is nothing to show where it came from.
But it had to be ordered paid at this session or be outlawed.
Of course it could not be rejected on the many legal grounds
that existed therefor. Of such is the kingdom of Jackson.
W. ROSS
I FASffIONABLE^iLOR|
Finest Stock of Woolens and g
Fabrics ever brought to Jackson 8
First-class Workmanship Guaranteed. |
Mr Ross lias also, at irreat expense, learned the business of E
Cleaning, Pressing and Dyeing, und is preDared for cleaning |
of Suits, Silks, Satins, etc. Hats cleaned and blocked by
most improved method, not commonly used by Tailors*.
Open on or about Saturday, August Bth.
MAIN STREET, JACKSON.
In building formerly occupied by Max Ladar. Phono, IMack ML
AMADOU LEDG.till, JACKSON, CAt.
Why Kelly Didn't Sleep.
"One night I went In late to Father
Dempsey's hotel. Every bed was full,
and there were 200 men sleeping on
the floor of the recreation room. Each
one of them had a newspaper under
him to keep off the dust of the floor.
I pointed to one little Irishman nnd re
marked that he did not *eem to be
resting well.
"'What's your name, my man?' Fa
ther Dempsey asked him.
" 'Thomas Kelly, your reverence.'
" 'You don't seem to bo resting well,
Mr. Kelly.'
"'l'll get to sleep after awhile, your
reverence.' he answered.
"'I don't believe you will unless
you Changs jour bed. You're sleeping
on n Westllche Post,' answered Father
Demps»-y."-St. LouU Post-Dispatch.
Caught the General.
One of thfl regular army officers tells
a story of how the old stringent army
regulations once went against (>eneral
Scott One wet afternoon that soldier
wns caught In the rain in Washing
ton. He was in Tull uniform and wns
well known, so. no cab being near, he
borrowed an umbrella. Arriving nt
his hotel, an undrrofflcer approached
him and calmly remarked:
"General, you will consider yourself
under arrest for eight days for carry-
Ing an umbrella while in full uni
form."
His Solicitude.
"Is It a fact that your mother-in-law
threw herself out of the third story
window and you did nothing to re
strain her?"
"Excuse me. I went to tbe first story
to catch her. but she had already
passed."— Dlavolo Rosa.
Riches.
It is not what we havo. but what we
enn do without, that makos us rich.
Socrates, seeing a large loaf of valu
ables pass one day, exclaimed, "I am
most happy, for thero are so many
things that I do not want!"
The Maroon Monster.
friend— l suppose you ran down a
great many people? Motorist— Well,
sometimes 1 run them up. Friend-
Run them up? Motorist — Yes; \c%l
night I ran two men up a tree.—Chi
rago News.
A Change.
Jlrs. Larkln— l want a little money
today. Fred. Mr. L.— l'm very glad of
that Mrs. L. (surprised)— Why are
jrou glad? Mr. L.— Because generally
row want a good dual.
Greatly Underestimated.
"Bobby," asked his Sunday school
teacher, "do you know how many dis
ciples there were?" The little boy
promptly said that he did and answer
ed, "Twelve." Then he went on,
"And I know how many Pharisees
there were too."
"Indeed!"
"Yes'm. There was just one less
than there was disciples."
"Why, how do you know that? It is
nowhere stated how many Pharisees
there were."
fl thought everybody knew it," said
Bobby. "The Bible says. 'Beware of
the 'leven of the Pharisees,' doesn't it?"
—Youth's Companion.
The Grandest.
"What Is tho grandest thing in the
universe?" asks Victor Hugo. "A
storm at sea," he answers and contin
ues, "And what is grander than a
storm at sea?" "The unclouded heav
ens on a starry, moonless night."
"And what Is grander than these mid
night skies?" "The soul of man"-a
spectacular climax such as Hugo loved
nnd still, with all its dramatic effects,
the picturesque statement of a vast
and sublime and mighty truth.
[KNOWN I
FOE OVER SEVENTY YEARS
ovor tlm entire United State*. Three
generations lmvn used
SCHENCK'S
Mandrake Pills
for BHiousncM, Liver Complaint, Indiges-
tion, Coii«tii>»lion, Sick lleadacbe, Jaun-
dice, Heartburn, Flatulency, Mulnria, etc,
Schenck's Mandrake Fills
" Liven the Liver,"
rextoro health to the body, clearneaa to
tbe eyes and complexion, and buoyancy
to tbe spirits.
Purely Vegetable
Absolutely Harmless
1} For sale everywhere. Plain or Sugar
H Coated. 2j centa a box, or by mail.
ft DR. J. H. SCHEME & SON,
"» Philadelphia, Pa. Kj"
I thousands of workers I
tj| Lcvi Strauss & Go's P
i 4ttsMm? Overalls
fill (or t!>o 4
5 K n/i iw«
Words of Praiso
Tor thft sovoral Ingrodlonts of which Tit.
I'irroo's medlclnfs nro composed, ns glvon
by loadors In nil tho sovnral schools of
rnrdlclne, should hnvo far moro weight
than any amount of non-profnsalonal tes
timonials. Dr. Plr.rco'a Favorite Prescrip
tion hns TUB r,An«r, or honesty on every
bottle-wrapper, In a full list of all Its In
grrdlents printed In plain English.
It you are an Invalid woman and suffer
from frpqnont headache, backnche, gnaw*
Inn AlslrJß& in stomach, periodical pains,
disiigrcviUie, catarrhal, pelvic drain,
drapglifWuown distress In lower abdomen
or peiv>s, perhaps dark spots or specks
dancing before tho eyes, faint spells and
kimlfal symptoms caused by female weak*
ness, cx«thn|r derangement of the feminine
organs, jfxf can not do better than take-
Dr. Plerrfcß Favorite Prescription.
The h /.«/»! tal, surgeon's knife and opera*
ting taliyrn.iy be avoided by the timely
use of M-'avorlte Prescription" In such
cases. Thereby tho obnoxlon,*, Wftffljn*
atlonmuTfl luci)] trp.T,(.m f nt l3 pf \h* family
physician can no avoided and a thorough
cQi'rso of successful treatment carried gulf
tT_Un; i ir 'Mry5 L .i'" i Tiv "Pay™'**
Prescription " I* composed oitne very best
native medicinal roots known to medical
Bclence for tho cure of woman's peculiar
ailments, contains no alcohol and no
harmful or habit- forming drugs.
Do not expect too much from "Favorite
Prescription; "lt will not perform mira
cles; It will not disolvo or cure tumors.
No medicine- will. It will do as much to
establish vigorous health in most weak
nesses and aliments peculiarly Incident to
women as any medicine can. It must be
given a fair chance by perseverance in Its
use. for a reasonable length of time.
Y n " Tiin'tl "fTP" 1 f " '""•"P* 1 spnrnt r,^.
tnim as a substitute for thit ««n«iy ™(
punwn composition.
Sick women arc invited to consult Dr.
Pierce, by letter, free. All correspond
ence is guarded as sacredly secret and
womanly confidences aro protected by
professional privacy. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierco. Buffalo, N. Y. ■
Dr. Plorco's Pleasant Pellets the best
laxative and regulator of the bowels.
They invigorato stomach, liver and
bowels. Ono a laxative ; two or threo a
cathartic. Easy to take as candy.
Special Small Ads.
Advertisoments under this Unad, not exceed-
ing 5 lines, will be Inserted at 800 per month, or
s cents per lino for less thunona month.
A LL kinds ot Blunk* for U. S. Lund Kt Uiikn—
-"■ HomcHtead, Timber and Mineral blanks—
muybehad at tho ledger office; also tlitcJH.
mortgages, mining locations, proof of labor-;
and other legal blanks kept for sale.
Mining Sfgnals on clotb, required
to be posted in all mines, for sale at
tbe Ledger olllce.
l<'or Sale — Lot of benches, formerly
used in Webb ball; 6 and 8 teet long;
suitable for show place, churches, eto.
Will be sold cheap; apply at Ledger
office.
Acknowledgment blanks for nota-
ries, specially printed for Amador
county, may be bad at tbe Ledger
office. Pi'ice s()c per packet ot 50.
Copies of tbe license ordinance uf
the City of Jackson in pamphlet form
may be bud at the Ledger office; price
15c. each.'
for Rent— Two front rooms in the
Webb ball building, suitable for
offices. Apply at Ledger office.
NOTICE TO
TAXPAYERS
The lioard ot Trustees of the City
of Jackson, California, will meet as
a Board of Equalization at 10 o'clock
a. id. ou Monday, August 10, 1908.
and will contiuuo to meet from day
to day to equalize assessments. Tho
iis.susmiiHiit list, so far as ownership,
description of property and valuation
thereof aro concerned, has been com-
pleted and is now on file in the office
of the City Clerk.
Dated July 31; 1908.
C. M. KELLY,
7-:51-2t City Clerk.
i BANKING ]
JBY MAIL j
0 Tbo Stocktou Havinga aud •
• Loqu tiooiety with resourcea •
f of 84,U00,0U11.00 olfoiß every J
• futility for doing a banking •
• bueinesa hy mail. Checks • •
9 takou payable in any pint uf J
0 the United States. Our sys- •
• tern ot banking by mail •
J practically brings this great 2
sj Imulc to yout door. To opeu •
• an account, with us, place ♦
2 the amount you wish to start X
0 within au envelope addressed •
• to us aud by return mail you JJ
2 will receive a bauk book J
Z showing tbe amount uf your •
• deposit. The United titatea 2
2 mails ', aro safe and no one 2
e ever lost u dollar iu this way. •»
• We solicit the accounts of *J
2 farmers, business men* and 2
0 ' others and assure them court- •
• eous and liberal trentoieut. 2
• Kindly mention this Paper 2
• Sond for froo Booklot. 2
« —-""■""• — " •
J STOCKTON SAVINGS •
£ AND LOAN SOCIETY •
2 Stockton, California. *
Notice tor Publication. 2210
Department of tbe Interior—
U.H. Lnnd Olllcn nt Har.rnmento, Calif.
•limn 8, lilt lH.
Notice is horehy given thnt Agros
M. lififlb, of Inno. Calif., who on May
!X), liidH, made timber nnd sf ono ewnrn
stntenifint No. IWIO, lor Y\% ot NVV?-,{
nnd B}{ of NK«4 Section Bft, Township
8 N., liauge 14 K., Mount Diablo mer-
idian, han filod notice of intention to
iiinkn ll rm l proof to nstnhlieb claim to
Mm land abovo described, before the
Kegister nnd Keceiver nt U. S. Lnnd
Olllcn lu tiHCi-Hmonto, (.'alii'., on the
20th day of August, l!)08. •'■
Claimant nnmea nn witnesses': Koenlia
Knnli, of lone, Calif. I*. IJernardls,
of Sinter Creek, Cnllf., K. Al. Culhert
nnd T. A. Cliiohizola, of Amador City,
Cnllt.
JOHN l-\ AHMHTHOMJ,
jnia-t.il ■ Hegiater.
Notice for Publication
'22V2
Department of tbe Interior—
U.S. Land Ottlue at Hacraroento.Callf.
June 15, I'.HW.
Notice is hereby given that Tbomns
A. Cbichizola, of Ainadot City,
Calif., who, ou June 10, 1008, made
timber and stone sworn etatemeut,
No. 2VM2, for 8,4 ot NW>^; H\V^ of
Nti^ and NW>£ of SWJ^, Section 9,
Township 7 N. , Range .14 JO., Mount
Diablo Meridian, has Hied notice of
iutontion to make final proof, to
establish claim to the laud above
described, betore tbe Kegister nnd
Receiver at U. 8. Land Orlice in
Saciamento, Calit, on tbe 25th day of
AugUßt, 1008.
Claimant namea as witnesses: ' •
Frederick Rabb of Sutter Crook,
Calif., E. M. Culbert ot Amador City,
Calif., William Hrown of Oleta.
Calif., nnd V. J. Cbicbizoln of Jack-
sou, Calif.
JOHN b\ ARMSTRONG,
.join Register.
, . Notice for Publication.
2202
Department of the interior—
U.S. Land Office at Sacramento, Calit.
June 8, 1008.
Notice is hereby given that Ida
Moffett, of I'ortlßud, Oregon, wbo,
on May 11, 11)08, made timber and
stone sworn statement, No. 2202, tor
the NEK o* Hfc% Section 3; NJ$ «»
SWK and XMi of SW^', Section 2,
Towusbip 7 N., Hauge 14 15., Mount
Diablo Meridian, has Hied notice of
intention to make Ilnal proof, to
establish claim to the laud above
described, betore tbe Register nnd
Receiver at U. S. Laud Orlice in
Sacramento, Calit., on tbe 20th day
ot August, 100H.
Claimant names as witnesses: T. A.
Cbicbizola, of Amador City, Calif.,
«. C. Bruce, of West i'oint, Calif.,
liiis. Petterson and Charles ttrickson,
of Portland, Oregon.
JOHN P. ARMSTRONG,
je 12-td Register.
Notice for Publication.
- - 22U9
Department of tbe Interior—
U. S. Land Office at Bacramento,Calif.
June 8, 11)08.
Notice is hereby given that Rosalia
Raab of lone, Calif., wbo, on May
2U, 1008, made timber and stone
sworn statement, No. 2209, for SK I :,',
Section 35, Township 8 N , Rauge 14
K., Mount Diablo Meridian, bas filed
notice of intention to make final
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, betore tbe Register
and Receiver at U. 8. Land Orlice in
Sacramento, Calif., ou tbe 2Gth day
of August, 1008.
Claimant names as witnesses: Agnes
M. Raab of lone, Calif., I*. ISernardiß
of Sutter Creek, Calif., E. Al. Cul-
bert and T. A. Cnicbizolu of Amador
City, Calif.
JOHN k ARMSTRONG,
jel2-td Register.
Notice for Publication.
~~ i>2oB
Department of the interior—
U.S. Land Orlioent Sacramento ICalif.
June 8, 1008.
Notice is hereby givon that Julius
Chichizola of Amador City, Calif.,
who, ou June U, 1008, made timber
and stone sworn etatemeut No. 2208
for the SW# of 8b: %\ BU of SWJ^
section 3, aud NW)| of N\V^ Section
10, Township 7 N., Range 14 E.,
Mount Diablo Meridiau, bas filed
notice of intention to mako Hnal
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before the Register
and Receiver at U. 8. Land Orlice iu
Sacramento. Calif., on the 2Cth day
of August, 1908.
Claimaut names aa witnesses: Paul
I'Yancescoul and Ed. M. Culbort of
Amador City, Calif., Kred Rabb of
Kutter Creuk, Calif., and William
Ihown of Oleta, Calif.
JOHN V. ARMSTRONG,
je 12-td Register.
Notice for Publication.
2ioi
Department of the Interior—
U.S. Land Office at Baoramonto, Calif.
June 8, 1008.
Notice is hereby given that Fred L.
ErickBou. of San Francisco, Calif.,
who, ou May 22. 1908, made timber
and stone sworn statement, No. 22P4,
for the E}i of NW>4; BW^ of NWfcf
and NKJtf of SWJ£, Section 11, Town
ship 7N., Rauge H K, Mount Diablo
Meridian, bas Hied notloe of inten-
tion to make liual proof, to establish
claim to tbe land above described,
betore the Register aud Receiver at
U. S. Land Office iu Sacramento,
Calif., on the 21th day ot August,
1008.
Claimant namea aa wituosses: (Just
Lludquist, ot Sau l''rauolsoo, Calif.,
(J. C. limco ot West Poiut, Calif.,
Charles Krickson aud J. P. Moll'ett,
ot Portland, Oregon.
JOHN l". ARMSTRONG,
je 12-td Keglßtor.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^ai *&s#"/ J'-
Signature of C/u^^T-CCiC^^i
Notice for Publication.
2207
Deportment of tl.o Interioi-
U.S. Land OUlce at Sacramento, Calif.
June 8, IUOB.
Notloe is hereby given that Vlotor
J. Chichlzolfi, of Jackson, Calif.,
who, on June 3, 100H, made timber
and etone aworn statement, No. 2207,
for theN'i of tib% and Nt£ of NW^,
Section 0, Township V N., Range 14
hi., Mount Diablo Meridian, has Hied
notice ot Intention to make final
proof, to establish clnlm to tbe laud
iilinvo (IpHtiiilirci, boforo tho Register
nnd Receivor ot U. H. Lnnd O/llce iu
Uaoromento, Calif., on tbe 20tb day
of August IUOB.
Claimant namofi us witnessed: Maul
Frnuceaoonl and 13d, M. Culbert, of
Amador City, Calif., Jvrod Rabb ot
Hntter Creek, Calif., nnd William
Urown of Oleta, Calif.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
■te 12 "td Relgster.
Notice for Publication.
T , " " 2200
Department ot the Interior—
U.S. Laud Office at Sacramento, Calif.
.. , , June 8, 1908.
Notice is hereby given that William
K Prothero, of Amador City, Calif.,
who, on May 27, 1008. made timber
and stone sworn statemeut No. 2200
a ?. d W 2* SW^' aectlon 1. l '« w n-
«I llp .L N - 1 KaDRO u E -» Mount Diablo
Meridiau, has tiled notice of Inten-
tion to make Until proof, to establish
claim to the laud above described
beforo tho Register and Keceiver at
J. S. Land Office in Sacramento,
Calif, on tbo 24th day of August 1908.
Claimaut names as witnesses: C
IJlizean.i L. 11. Cook, of Voloano,
Calif., Frank Knowlton hud A. Piui
of Amador City, Calif.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
3° la 'td Register.
Notice for Publication.
2205
Department of the interior—
U.S. Land Office at Sacrnmento,Calif.
„, :': June 8, 1908.
Notice is hereby given that Oust
Lindquist, of San Francisco, Calif.,
who, on May 22, 1008, mßdem B de timber
aud stone sworn statement, No. 2205
for Ni<% Section 12, Township V N.,'
«ange 14 E, Mount Diablo Meridian,
baa filed notice ot intention to make
linnl proof, to establish cluim to tbe
and above described, before the
Register and Receiver at U. S. Land
Office in Sacramento, Calif., on tbe
24th day ot August, 1008.
Claimant names aa witnesses: O. C.
Bruce of West Poiut, Ualif., Fred
lincksou, of Snn Francisco, Calif.,
G. Pattorson and J. P. Mott'ett of
Portland, Oregon.
JOHN tf. ARMSTRONG,
J e la -*d Register.
Notice for Publication. 2200
Department of the Interior—
U.S. Land Office at Saoramento.Calif.
June 8, 1908.
Notice is hereby given that Meta J.
tirickßon, of Portland, Oregon, who.
on May 14, 1908, made timber and
stone sworn statement, No. 2200, tor
the tiVfhi of NEK and lots 1. 2, and
3, Section 2, Township 7 N., Range 14
XJ., Mount Diablo meridiau, has Hied
notice of intention to make Hnal
proof, to establish claim to the land
above described, before the Register
nud Receiver at U. S. Land Office in
Sacramento, Calif., ou tbe 'JOtn day
ot August, 1908.
Claimant names as witnesses: T.
Chichizola, of Amador City, Calif.,
U. C. Bruce, of West Point, Calif.,
James P. Motfett and Gufl. Petterson,'
of Portland, Oregon.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
je 12-td Register.
~~~ Notice for Publication. 2201
Department of tbe Interior—
U.S. Land Office at Sacramento, Calif.
June 8, 1908.
Notice is hereby given that James
P. Mott'ett, of Portland, Oregon, who,
on May 14, 1908, mado timber and
stone sworn statement, No. 2201, for
the &W4 of NE^; &H of SU^ and
SWK of Sl% Section 2, Township 7
N., Range 14 K., Mount Diablo Meri-
dian, has Hied notice of intention to
make Hnal proof, to establish claim
to the laud abovo described, before
the Register and Receiver at U. S.
Land Office in Sacramento, Calif., on
the 20th day of August, 1908.
Claimaut names as witnesses: T. A.
Chiobizola, ot Amador City, Calif.,
G. C. Bruce, of West Point, Calif.,
Gus. Petterson and Charles Krickson,
of Portland, Oregon.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
jo 12-td Register.
Notice for Publication. 2199
Department of the Interior —
U.S. Land Office at Sacramento, Calif.
Juue 8, 1908.
Notice is hereby given that Charles
Erickson, cf Portland, Oregon, who,
on May 14, 1908, made timber and
stone sworn statement, No. 219!), tor
lots 3 and 4 and SJ-a of NW»4, Seation
1, Township 7 N, Rauge 14 B, Mount
Diablo meridian, has tiled notioe of
intentiou to make Hnal proof, to
establish claim to the land above <ln-
soribed, before the Register aud
Receiver at U. S. Land Office in
Sacramento, Calif., ou the 20tb day
of August, 1908.
Claimant names as witnesses: T.
Chiobizola, of Amador City, Calif.,
G. C. Hruoe, of West Point, Calif., J.
P. Motfett and Gus. Pettersou, ot
Portland, Oregon.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
je 12-td Register.
Team and Buggy
HARNESS
All hand sewed.
A. BASSO.
Main st., Jackson