OLDEST PAPER
LARGEST CIRCULATION
It Pays 'the Business Man'to Adver
ti c in the Ledger.
Established October 27, 1855.
LAWYKUS.
v\T M< •'• »nvi>ki»,
,\HnriH\V-'»t-I.nw,
JACKSON. CAL.
omcfl in Marall* Building, Court utreet.
Will praotloe In all the OOUftSOf tho »tato. fo
T AW, T. FKKITAM
AHornny-uM.nw
Specialty— Commercial law and colce-
tlona.
Credit attorney Stockton Retail Mer-
chant's Association.
Suit No 210, Suvlmjjr & Loan Bank Hidtf
00l STOCKTON, CAL.
DOCTORS.
EE. KNUICOTT, M, D.
Pliytlolnn null Surgeon
Jackson, Cm..
onleo: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all times,
I~\K« VBMO K. BVKAOUK
Physician «n«l* Surgeon
, JACKSON. CAL.
OFricß— Next door to residence, north Main
street, opposite California hotel. .
Telephone Main 32
-pvlt. A. M. OAIX
Phytlclan anil Surgeon
Jackson. Cal
Ofnoe In Marella buildlns. Mam Street.
«> S.(i(l()IIMAN Al ■>
Physician »n«l Surgeon
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
_ —
|-VU. L (}. LYNCH
Physician and Surtreon
■ m , Office, Main 2fl
Kesidonoe. Main 27
Araador City. Cal.
■I > F. WALKER, M. I>.
Practice limited to disnases ot
EYE, EAR, NOSE and THROAT
. .Offlce— ELK'S BUILDING,
'a- STOCKTON, 0/LL. Iy3l
. DENTISTS.
T-vlt. JOUN A. DELUCCUI
DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office Houns:— From 9 a. m. to 5 p. m
Tyt A. W. SIITHEKLAND
DENTIST
JACKSON, CAL.
Telephone Hlack;/44 Hours 9-5
-r>ICHAKD WKIIII
United States Commissioner
JACKSON CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other filings;
taking of tlnal proofs and all other Land
Business.
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
JK. WALTON
Notary Public & Conveyancer
PLYMOUTH, Cal.
Dppdn. uiDrtjfaKca aud ull othor Instruments
■li-awu up. OuM
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street. Jackson
Oealer In —
*l« WATCHES. CLOCKS JEWRY*
AND SILVERWARE
•» All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watohes Clocks and jewelry
specialty.
• GO TO THE •
| Ail BAKERY !
111 1 Ml PORTO HO- POTS- {
• U'o also liorp v lui'tfUHtoukof Hiaulu •
• and Fancy •
I GROCERIES S
• Oar Specialty— Freih'Bread every day *
• - except Suodoy *
«att4«r«ciio«ioti*t*tictoa
Amador Ledger.
,JA< KSON. AMADOU COUNTY. <AIJH)IIMA, FRIDAY. DEOEMBBIt 8, !0O«.
Big Mining Suit
Kennedy Extension vs. Argonaut
$700,000 DAMAGES ASKED
The biggest damage suit that has been
commenced in Amador county for many
years was started this week by the Ken
nedy Extension Mining Company against
the Argonaut Mining Company. The
complaint was Hied December 1, and
asks for damages for trespass upon the
mining ground of plaintiff to the tune of
$700,000. The Kennedy Extension is a
recently formed corporation, operating
what is know as the Muldoon mine. A
shaft was sunk on this property to the
depth of 800 feet some ten or twelve
years ago, and work was then abandoned.
The mine remained idle until about a
year ago, when the present corporation
assumed control, and started work to
clean out the shaft, The shaft has been
cleaned to its entire depth, and some
driffng and crosscutting has been done,
but of course the developments have not
reached to any portion of the ground
alleged in the complaint upon which the
Argonaut is claimed to have trespassed,
the points of alleged trespass being far
below the deepest working of the Mul
doon claim.
It is said that Messrs Perry and
Hulme, who are largely interested in the
operations of the Kennedy Extension,
are stockholders in the Argonaut, and as
such have on several occasions secured
access to the underground workings of
the Argonaut.
We give herewith a synopsis of the
complaint filed in the superior court late
Wednesday afternoon :
The complaint sets forth that the
plaintiff, or its predecessors in interest,
are the owners of the Muldoon quartz
mine in 20 G-11, the northern portion of
the Jackson quartz mine, and a portion
of a placer mine; that within the north
and south end lines of the lode known
ns the Muldoon lode mine, said lode
dips easterly on its descent into the
earth and carries gold and silver bearing
ore; that from the point designated as
a point on the lode line of the Jackson
quartz mine and the point designated as
the north end thereof there extends the
outcrop of a lode known as the "Jackson
lode" carrying gold bearing ore in its
dip to the east in its descent into the
earth; that plaintiff have been in peace
able possession of the Jackson lode
since November, 2 18G5, and of the
Muldoon lode since January 1, 188b";
that the defendant company is in pos
session of a piece of non-mineral land
claimed by it as a mill site and known as
the Pioneer mill site an immediately
north of the Muldoon quartz mine; that
the defendant company commenced to
sink a shaft in 1893, within the Pioneer
mill site which- had an easterly dip, and
is now 3150 feet in depth; that mining
operations have been maintained ever
since in and about said shaft, and
particularly at the 2760, 2880, 3000 and
3120 foot levels ; that long levels have
been run within the boundaries of the
land owned by plaintiff; that cress cuts,
upraises and stopes have been made for
the purpose of extracting gold bearing
ore from a vein within said surface
boundaries and for a distance of about
800 feet at right angles south from said
shaft.
Plaintiff is informed and alleges
on information and belief that said
shaft so sunk was through unproductive
country rock without following any
vein or mineral deposit, and neither
were any of the levels, stopes, cross
cuts or any undergound work con
structed or sunk upon any vein, lode or
mineral deposit having its apex within
the exterior boundaries of any ground
claimed by defendant; that said de
fendant through such underground work
ings entered the said mining land of
plaintiff and crossed "course N0.12"
on the surface, fgr a distance of about
000 feet southerly from such ccurse.
Plaintiff is informed and believes,
and alleges that by means of such shaft
and underground works defendant ha:;
wrongfully, fraudulently and secretly,
and without license, knowledge or con
sent of plaintiff, continuously during
three years last past, entered upon,
broken into said lands of plaintiff and
milled, worked and extracted ore from
bodies and veins of ore lying within
vertical planes passed throuh the ex
terior boundaries of plaintiff's lands and
is now so working and extracting ores
from said lands,' and unless restrained
by this court will continue to extract
therefrom large quantities of gold and
other mineral bearing quartz and unless
restrained will continue to appropriate
and convert the same to its own use and
benefit.
Plaintiff is informed and believes that
said defendant has full knowledge of
ores so mined; that defendant has con
cealed such facts of such mining opera
tions from the plaintiff and said plain
tiff never had any means or opportunity
of discovering or ascertaining such facts
in connection with said shaft and under
ground, works of said defendant.
Plaintiff did not nor were tney advised
or informed of the mining or working
within the exterior boundaries of said
land within six months Immediately
prior to the commencement of this
action; that plaintiff first learned of
such operations from people working In
defendant's shaft and underground work
ings. Plaintiff does not know, the ex
tent of such underground workings, and
to ascertain the extent of such opera
tions and the examination of the -same
and making a survey thereof the per
mission of this court is necessary.-
The operations of plaintiff have not
exceeded a depth of 803 feet.
Plaintiff is informed and believes'that
through such mining operations the de
fendant has mined 50,000 tons of. gold
bearing ores of the value of $500,000.
That plaintiff has no knowledge of
what part of said 50,000 tons of ore were
removed during the three years prior to
the commencement of this action. H
Plaintiff is informed and believes that
the mining operations carried on by de
fendants have so damaged and wasted
plaintiff's veins that it will be exceed
ingly difficult, if not impossible, for
plaintiff to economically or profitably pro
secute successful mining operations
therein, or in the neighborhood of said
underground workings, and that by such
extraction of ores the condition has been
made dangerous and unprofitable for
plaintiff to prosecute mining operations
In the neighborhood or proximity of
such undeground works ; that by reason
of such excavations plaintiff's veins and
mineral deposits have been damaged to
the extent of $200,000. \
Plaintiff is informed and believes that
defendant is extracting 5,000 tons of
valuable ores per month, the exact value
of which is now difficult to ascertain.
Plaintiff prays judgment against de
fendant—
Ist. That defendant and its agents be
enjoined from working, mining.or en
tering upon any portion of plaintiff's
properties.
2d. That by a final judgment defendant
be perpetually enjoined from doing any
of the acts above specified, and that all
entries to any. portion of plaintiff's eaid
mining properties by defendant by means
of any of the underground works of de
fendant be effectually closed by an order
of this court at the expense of the de
fendant.
3d. That plaintiff have judgment
against defendant for $700,000, and for
its costs.
4th. That plaintiff have judgment for
such other and further relief against the
defendant in the premises as is just and
equitable.
The attorneys for plaintiff are Mor
rison, Cope & Brobeck, and Ed. V.
Lynch of San Francisco.
Yesterday the court made an order that
the depositions of R. S. Rainsford and
E. V. Zumbiel be taken December 15,
that of E. C. Downs on December 17,
and W. J. Nettle and J. Phelps on De
cember 20th.
Card of Thanks
We the undersigned desire to express
our deep appreciation of the efforts of
all kind friends who rendered assistance
in any way during the last sickness und
funeral ceremonies of the late Alrs John
Eudey, to each and every one we tender
our heartfelt thanks.
John Eudy
Robt. Read and Family
And Eudey Family.
Xmas Stationery. — Fancy kinds in
fancy boxes. Everything fancy, hut the
price.' In fact plain prices are the rule
here on everything. At Ruhser's.
It has been found by the authorities
that Calimeri Canonica, who is in the
county hospital as an indigent patient
has sent to his sister in Switzerland
$707 francs, about $140 in American
money. The sister could not be found,
and that is the way the tale leaked out.
It is said he has other means left with
friends in this city. The rule of the
hospital is that an inmate is required 'to
pay his expenses, if able to do so. The
case will no doubt be inquired into
The total sum collected on account of
first installment of state and county
taxes is between 03,000 and (i 5,000.
The rainfall for the last week in Jack
son has measured 1.04, making 8.27 for
the season to date.
Xmas Cigars,— A fine stock that will
at onje appeal to ladies who have a
present of cigars in mind. We will
help ladies make a choics. At Ruhser's
Thu hU'KOHt elubbiuK otter uver
made. Aiuudoi Lodger ami Mulletiu —
tlio leudiug mmiiiiK dully puper of
Hau Fruuoiaoo, only 911 pur year, in
artvuuue. »Sul hltilju how.
The RED FRONT
JACKSON'S ONE-PRICE STORE.
Our holiday goods have arrived and a more complete Htock has never been shown
before in Amador county. We shall strictly adhere to our lon# established prin-
ciples of value, giving better styles, better values. These are the principles upon
which the Red Front is working. We realize the importance of quality merchandise.
Give us a call and test our statements right now.
Overcoats. Suits. Handkerchiefs
You want coats now, and we pur Suit department is very A beautiful assortment of
can supply you at once with the popular this seas-m. We are now Ladies' Hemstitched and em-
kind you want, stylish splendid in showing the very best assortment broidered Handkerchiefs just ar.
Fit and of spleudid value. Come and most complete and exclussive rived for the Holiday season sepa-
in and inspect our black craventte s t oc k of men's pants and chil- rate and done tip In boxes of four
water proof coat. Every detail of dren's clothing, perfect fit style and six in each. Watch our win-
this garment is so perfect that we an d workmanship, they cannot be cjow display,
guarantee them to give entire surpassed. q f
satisfaction.' Heeters.
Special price $12.20 FllfS. * >ure Silk Reefers in hlack, white
„ The current season in furs is to an d C>''ay, jnst the thing for a
Ia XS. De one o f the most successful in present.
Our new and extensive Fall line recent years, we are carrying one Gloves.
of hats in all the latest models or the most popular lines in Black Exclusive line of Kid Glovot
have arrived. Come in and in- Lynx and Minx. The color is be- pique and Overseam, in the lates
vestigate this line, we invite coming to the average woman, shades and . the new wide stitch
comparison of values and prices. como •» Sets and Throws. a n co lors from $1 to $2.
THE RED FRONT
Jackson's Cheapest Dry -Goods Store.
ACCIDENT ON
AMADOR CENTRAL
An Employe Severely Hurt
The down freight train on the Amador
Central rairload met with an accident
Wednesday afternoon that suspended all
traffic over the road for the balance of
the day. At a point about two miles
from lone, one of the cars loaded with
sulphurets got off the track. It was a
straight portion of the track, with easy
grade, and why the car should leave the
track we are unable to explain. No one
of the train crew was hurt, but the track
was torn up fora distance of 51 feet. The
wreckage put a quietus on all traffic un
til the damage could be repaired. The
supplies and material and men neces
sary to repair the damage were at the
Martell end of the line. A hand car was
started from Martell loaded with
material for the scene of the wreck, in
charge of Jack King. At a point near
the Newton copper mine, King noticed
some obstruction on the track, and
realizing that he could not avoid a col
lission with the object, he concluded to
jump off the car. In doing so his rain
coat caught in the brake, and he was
thrown violently. His right leg was
fractured, right ear cut off, and a
severe gash was cut in th^ back of his
head. The wounded man was brought
to Marlell, and Dr. Endicott set the
limb and treated him otherwise, and he is
getting along as well as could be ex
pected. The accident to the freight car
prevented the up-passenger train .from
coming through that night. A convey
ance was dispatch to bring the mail to
Jackson, and did not reach here until
about 11 o'clock. The track was re
paired during the night, and the pas
senger train made the trip Thursday
morning on time.
The Last Rites
The funeral of Mrs John Eudcy took
place in Jackson Sunday afternoon.
Services were held in the M. E. church,
the Rev. T. H. ' Nicholas officiating.
The unusually sad circumstances sur
rounding the death of this estimable
young woman, and the esteem in which
she was held by all who knew her in
life, drew a large concourse to the last
sad rites to the memory of the departed.
The choir rendered selections appro
priate to the occasion, and after an im
pressive discourse, the remains were
conveyed to the city cemetery, and laid
in their final resting place. The floral
offerings were numerous, and many of
them of exquisite design.
Stung For 15 Years
by Indigestion's pangs— trying many
doctors and #200.00 worth of medicine
in vain. B. I. Ayscue, of lngleside,
N. C, at last used Dr. King's New
Life Pills and writes they wholly cured
him. They cure constipation, bilious
ness, sick headache, stomach, liver,
kidneys and bowel troubles. 25c at
Spagnbli's Drug Store.
Lodi Orchestra Explains.
For the masquerade ball given by Oro
Fino Circle last week the Lodi or
chestra was engaged. The Lodi or
chestra, however, did not play for this
ball, the music being furnished by an
orchestra from Stockton. This substi
tution has led to some criticism, in the
absence of explanation. It seems the
substitution was made by the Lodi
band, in conformity with an understand
ing of the Musicians' Union of San
Joaquin county. The following com
munication from the musicians con
cerned will fully explain the matter, and
refutes all charges of unfairness:
Lodi, Nov. 29, 1909.
As the Patton and Springer orchestra
has been allowed to take as many dances
on one date as they see fit to, and as
their customers . were glad to trust to
them for music, if they could not come
in person, the Lodi Musicians Union
No. 523 and the Stockton Musicians
Union No,, 181) compelled us to play the
first job we were engaged on, so there
fore the Patton and Springer orchestra
had to remain in Lodi on Wednesday
evening November 24, to play for the
dance or the Native Son,s and we had to
substitute music for the dance at Jack
son.
Signed, Patton and Springer.
To confirm this story we will have
two of the board of Directors of Local
523 sign this,
A. E. Wanchope, Arthur Adams,
members of board of Lodi Musicians
Union, 523.
Woman's Exchange.
The woman's exchange to-morrow
afternoon will be at Vela and Piccardo's,
on Main street. Medames Jeff'ery,
Coombes and Parlin will be in charge.
They will have for sale, cakes, pies and
other delicacies. Call on them for
what you need.
Deafness Cannot be Cured
by local applications us they cannot
reach thu diseased portion of tho ear
Thero is only one way to euro deafness
mill that Is by constitutional remedies.
Deafnoas is cuusod by an inflamed con
dition of thu mucous lining of the Kus
tauhian Tube.. When this tube is In
llamcil you havtt a rumbling sound or
imperfect hearing:, and when It is en
tirely closed, deafness Is the result,
anil unions the lnlhunmatlon can be
taken out and this tube restored to its
normal condition, bearing will bo de
stroyed forever; nine cases out of ten
are caused by Catarrh, which is noth
ing but un inllamud condition of the
mucous surfaces.
Wo will give Ono Hundred Dollars
for any case of Dcafuc«s (caused by ca
tarrh) that cannot bo cured by Hall's
Catarrh Cure. Send for circulars, fret*.
P. j. Cheney & Co.'; Toledo, o.
Sold by DrUffgUti, 75c
Hall's Family Pills are L'ueoeit
Children Cry
FOR FLETCHER'S
CASTORI A
Yo/jjan jfc>t your HUlhrads,
'i£*pr/lpnas, etc.. printed at
lituLed^pr jlor loss than you
nn buy'bla/k stock for else
iXf J-^xiY IT.
Five Cents Per Copy.
Hotel Arrivals
National.
Thursday— S S Coffer, Frank S Green,
H O Mayer, San Francisco; J A Davis,
Stockton.
Friday— Dan W Gorman, Sam P Ryley,
San Francisco;L W Wells, Denver; C
E Jarvis, Sutter Creek ; Fred Crum, J
Reed, Stockton; W H Wearn, Alameda;
Henry Morris, Oakland.
Saturday— Mark Eudey, New Chi
cago; J D Bacon, Alameda; D Mich
aels, W F McKinney, C J Head, H F
Anderson, J H Otey, San Francisco A
iMoran. Elcctra; W Ludekens, Pine
Grove; B Wells, Telluride, Colo.; Al
Woodall, Robt E Cranston, Sacramento;
Mrs J G Nichols, Oakland.
Sunday— D S Walker, Milwaukee; A
J Cohen, San Francisco; C T Krem
merer, Davenport, la ; E Boydston, Vol
cano; Alex Mcßath, Paloma.
Monday— E S Barney, Haywards ; J A
Murphy, C A Chandler, E Drake, Stock
ton ; J H McDongal, Sacramento; Nat
Stewart, Santa Barbara ; 'W F Davenport,
Pilot Rock; J L Lewis, Los Angeles;
Prof A Gerome and wife; O W Mayer,
San Francisco; N B Dietrick.
Tuesday— A G Jenkins, Bay State,
Mine; Burt Warren, W D Curtis, C W
Gilpin, J C Schaden, Sacramento; W E
Younger, F Reeb, San Francisco;
Clarence Rutledge, Lodi ; E S Hopper,
Martell.
. Wednesday- M A Marks, H Silber
stein. R 0 Plagemann, H H Hackett, A
Davis, C C Eggleston, San Francisco;
Thos M Jones, Fresno; A Provis, Grass
Valley.
Globe.
Thursday— L Van Osten, Sacramento;
C Reeves, Amador.
Friday— Chas H Bennett, San Fran
cisco; C Deavers, Sutter Creek; J B
Bennetts, Stockton ; I. eland Hammack,
and son, Sacramento.
Saturday— M F Gallagher and wife,
Electra; Geo Plater, Sacramento; B
Sutton, Stockton ; M J Vukasovich,
Plymouth.
Sunday— Joe Mil wood, Alex Perry,
Forest Home; Wm Anderson, Indian
Diggings; Miss Sadie Clark, Mt Echo;
John Davis, Volcano; B Pitts, Pine
Grove; Joe Walsh, Dan Murphy, San
Francisco; Roy Whitehead, Kennedy
Heights; C EM O'Neil.
Monday— Alba Pigeon, Oleta; C Brad
shaw, Volcano ; J T Young, Thos Cas
kert, Stockton; Geo Preston, E B Den
nison, John B J Cranmer, Pine Grove;
F Mersen, Geo Blair, San Francisco; T
H Lyon, E W Cyrus, Sacramento ; F A
Kimball, Defender.
Tuesday— M Hammer, lone; Mr 3
Burke, San Andreas ; J B Bennett,
Stockton; Mrs D J Cambel, Amador
City,
Wednesday-Joe Hadly, Willow
Springs; Ed R Rynde, M A Krygell, H
G Perry Tarr, San Francisco; T S
Marchant, Healdsburg.
Miller's Best Flour— any Grocer any
where no 5The Conquest of the Pole
Dr. FREDERICK A. COOK
Copyright. 1909, by Ihe New York
llrmld Company, Registered In
Canada In Accordance With Copy*
right Act. Copyright In Mex<
ico Under Livw« of ihe Republic
of K«xico. All Kighls Heierved
DUtIINO two dnys of c'.illl.v lilua
ter the sleds were forced nlong
with encouraging results, and
on the evuiiing of March 2(5,
with a pedometer mxl other method
of dead reckoning for position, we
were placed nt latitude $4 degrees
S3 minutes. The western horizon re
mained persistently undisturbed. A
brisk storm, It seemed, was gathering,
but it wns a long time in coming
tasiv.i;:d. On Hie evening of the 20th
•we pl'epiired for tho blast and built the
igloo stronger than usual, hoping that
the horizon would be cleared by a good
Mow i:i the morrow and afford us a
day of rest. The loiig. steady marches,
without lluie for recuperation, had be
gun to check our enthusiasm.
In the dally monotony of. hardship
■we hr.d learned to appreciate more and
more tfce Joy cf the sleeping bag. It
wm tlie only animal comfort which af
furdeJ a relief to our life of frlgids,
aud wllh it we tried to force upon the
weary b< dy In the long marches a
ploaslng anticipation.
In tho evening, nfter the blocks of
enow walled a dome in which we could
THE NEW LAND PHOTOGRAPHED.
fcreatue quk't air, the blue flame laicp
sang the , notes of gastroiioiniOal tie
lights. A heaven given drink of ice
water was first Indulged in to quench
the chronic thirst, and than the process
at disrobing began, one at a time, for
there was not room for ail to act at
ouct>.
Tea In an Hour.
The fur stuffed boots were pulled,
UT.d tue bearskin punts were stripped.
Then half of the body was quickly
pushed iiiti) the bag. A brick of pein
nileati wax nest taken out, and the
teeth were set to the grind of this
bonelike substance. The appetite was
always large, but a half pound of cold
withered beet and tallow changes a
hungry man's thoughts effectually.
The tea. an hour In making, was now
ready, and we rose on elbows to take
it. Under the Influence of the warm
drink the fur coat with Its mask of Ice
was removed. Next the shirt, with its
ring of Ice about the waist, comes off,
giving the last sense of shivers, rush
ing farther into the bag. the hood was
pulled over the face, and we were lost
to the world of ice.
The warm sense of mental and phys
ical pleasure which follows is an in
tersting study. The movement of oth
ers, the sting of the air, the noise of
torturing winds, the blinding. rays of
a heatless sun. the pains of driving
snows and all the bitter elements were
absent. The mind, freed of (he agita
tion of frost, wandered to home and
better times under these peculiar cir
cumstances; there comes a pleasing
sense with the touch of one's own
warm skin, while the companionship
«f the arms and legs, freed of their
cumbersome furs, makes a new dis
covery in the art of getting next to
oneself.
In the Heart of a Storm.
On March 27 it blew a half gale at
night, but at noon on the following
day the wind eased. The bright sun
and rising temperature were 100
tempting to remain quiescent, and.
though the west was still darkened by
threatening clouds, the dogs were put
to the sled» and off they went among
the wind swept hummocks, We had
not gone many miles before the first
rush of a storm struck us.
Throwing ourselves over the sleds,
we waited the passing of the icy blast.
There was* no suitable snow near to
begin the erection of v shelter, but n
few miles northward was a promising
area for cnir.p. and to tills we hoped
to take ourselves after a few mo
ments' rest. The squall soon spent Us
force, and In the wind which followed
good progress was made without suf
fering severely. The temperature was
■H degrees below zero I-, and the bu
roineter 20.03,
Once In moving order, the drivers re
quired very little encouragement to
prolong the effort to a fair day's
march in »ptte of the weather. As
the nun settled In the western gloom
£k<> wind Incieased its fury and forced
•j* Into camp. Reforo the gloom was
fiuliilird a steady, rasping wlud bniMh
In the Heart of a Storm
New Land Sighted - Mid-
Polar Basin a Lifeless
World
[EIGHTH ARTICLE]
Ed the hummocks and piled up the
snow in large dunes like the sands of
homo shores.
The snow house was not cemented
with water. The tone of the wind did
not seem to indicate danger, nnd. fur
thermore, we were beginning to real
ize the great need of fuel economy.
We therefore did not deem It pru
dent to use oil for the fire to melt
snow, except to quench thirst.
Not particularly anxious about the
outcome of the storm and with senses
blunted by overwork and benumbed
with cold, we sought the comfort of
the bags.
Duried Under the Snow.
Awakened in the course of a few
hours by drifts of snow about our feet.
It was noted that the wind had bur
rowed holes In the weak spots through
tho snow wall. Still, we were bound
not to be cheated out of n few hours'
sleep, nnd with one eye open we turned
over. Later I was awakened by fall
lug snow blocks.
. Forcing my head out of the- ice in
cased hood, I saw that the dome had
been swept away and that we were
being burled under a dangerous weight
of snow. In some way I had tossed
about sufficiently during sleep to keep
ou top of the accumulating drift, but
my companions were out of sight and
did not respond to a loud call.
After n little search n blowhole wan
located, and hi response to another call
came Eskimo shouts. Violent efforts
were made to free their bags, but the
snow settled on them tighter with each
tussle.
I was surprised a few moments later
as I was digging their breathing place
open to fool them burrowing through
the snow. They had entered the bag
without undressing and half emerged
with shirt nnd pants on, but without
feet.
After a little more digging their boots
were uncovered, and then, with pro
tected feet, the bag was freed and
placed on the side of the igloo. Into
it the boys crept in full dress, except
coats. I rolled out to their side In my
bag.
Move on Refrtshod.
The air came in hissing spouts, llkn
jets of steam from an engine, but soon
after noon of the -29th the ico tinder
our heads brightened. It became pos
sible to breathe without being chokeil
wit li floating crystals, and as the Ice
about the facial furs was broken a lit
tle blue was" detected in the west.
The dogs were freed of snow entan
glements and fed, and a shelter was
made in which to melt snow and make
tea. . A double ration was eaten, and
then the sleds began to move again.
Soon the sun burst through the sep
arating clouds and raised Icy spires in
towers of glitter. The wind then ceased
entirely, and a. scene of crystal 'glory
was laid over the storm swept fields.
With full stomachs, fair weather and
a much needed rest, we moved with In
spirations anew. Indeed, we felt re
freshed as one does nfter a cold bath.
The pack had been much disturbed,
and considerable time and distance
were lost In seeking a workable line of
travel. Camping at midnight, we had
only made nine miles for a day's ef
fort.
Awakening In time for observations
on the morning of the OOth, the weath
er was found beautifully clear. The
fog. which lind persistently screened
the west, had vanished, and lnnd was
discovered at some distance west, ex
tending parallel to the line of march.
The observations placed us nt latitude
84 degrees K0 minutes, longitude 93
degrees 3D minutes.
A Long Coast Line.
In the Occasional clearln.tr spells for
several days we had kpcmi sharply de
fined land clouds drifting over a low
band of pearly fog, 'and we had ex
pected to see land when this veil lifted.
We had, however, not anticipated to
sco so long a lino of coast. The land
ns we snw It gave the Impression of
being two Islands, but our observations
were Insufficient to warrant such an
assertion. They may bo islands; they
may bo n. part Of a larger land extend
ing far to the west. What whs Been
of the most southerly coast extends
from 8." degrees 20 minutes to 83 de-
Rives 51 minutes, close to the one bun*
'Jrcd and second meridian.
This lnnd tin's nn Irregular mountain-^
ous «ky lino, Is perhaps eighteen bun
dred feet high and resembles In Its I
upper reaches the highlands of Hel-|
berg Island. The lower shore line wan
at no time visible. J
From 84 degrees 23 minutes, extend- 1
Ing to 85 degrees 11 minutes, close to
.the one hundred and second meridian,
the coast Is quite ntralßht. Itn upper
surface Is flat nnd mostly Ice capped,
rising In steep cliffs to about twelve
hundred feet. The lower surface wns so
Indistinctly seen that we were unable
to detect glacial streams or ice walls.
Doth lands were hopelessly burled
under ncctimuMtcd snows.
We were eager to set foot on the
newly discovered coast, for we be
llevod then, as proved by later experi
ence, that these were the earth's north
ermost rocks, but the pressing need
for rapid hdvnnces hi the aim of our
main mission did not permit of de
tours. Resolutions were re-enforced
and energy wns harbored to press on
ward for the pole in an air line. i
Fair Marches Made.
Every observation, however. Indicat
ed an easterly drift, and a westerly
course must be continuously forced to
Counterbalance the movement. A car
tain was drawn over the land In the
afternoon of March 31, and we saw
no more of It. Day after day we now
pushed along in desperate northward
efforts. Strong winds and fractured,
irregular ice Increased the difficulties.
Progress wns slow.
In one way or other we managed to
gala a fair inarcb between storms dur
ing each twenty-four hours. In an oc
casional spell of stillness mirages
spread screens of fantasy out for our
entertainment. Carious cliffs, odd
shaped mountains- aud Inverted ice
walls were displayed in attractive col
ors. Discoveries were made often, but
with clearer horizon' the deception was
detected.
On April 3 the barometer remained
steady and the thermometer sank.
The weather became 1 settled nnd clenr.
The pack became a more permanent
glitter of color and joy. At noon there
was now v dazzling light, while the
sun atr midnight sank for but a few
moments under a persistent northerly
haze, leaving the frosted blues bnthed
in noonday splendor.
In these days we made long inarches.
The Ice- steadily improved!. Fields be
came larger and thicken; the pressure
Hues less frequent am! less trouble
some. Nothing changed materially.
The horizon moved; our footing was
seemingly v solid crust of Ice, but it
shifted eastward. All was in motion.
Often we were too tired' to build snow
houses, and In sheer exhaustion we
bivouactcd in the Ice of hummocks.
Here the overworked body called for
sleep, but the mind refused to close the
eye.
In a Lifeless World.
There- was a weird attraction in the
anomaly of our surroundings which
aroused' the spirits. We- had passed
beyond the range of all life. For
many days we had not seen a sugges
tion of animated natures There were
no longer footprints to indicate other
life; no breath spouts-, escaped from
the frosted bosom of tile sea. .
Ever* the sea algae of the surface
waters: were no longer detected. We
were alone, all alone-, in a lifeless
world". We had come- to this mental
blank In slow but progressive stages.
As we sailed from thi* barren areas of
the fisher folk along- the outposts of
civilization the complex luxury of the
metropolis wns lost ana the brain call
ed for food.
Beyond, in the half savage wilder
ness of Danish Greenland, there was
tbe dawn of a new life of primitive
delight. Still farther along, in the
ultima Thulo of the aborigines, the
sun rose over tbe days of prehistoric
joys. Advancing beyond the haunts
of man. we reached the noonday splen
dor of thought in times before man'si
creation.
Now. ns we pushed beyond the hnbt
tat of all creatures, ever onward, into
the sterile wastes, the sun sets. Be
yond were night and hopelessness.
With eager eyes we searched the
dusky plains of frost, but there was
no speck of life to grace the purple
run of death.
In this mid-polar basin the ice does
not readily escape and disentangle. It
Is probably In motion at all times of
the year, and In the readjustment of
the fields following motion and expan
sion there are open spaces of water,
and these during most months are
quickly sheeted with new ice.
Measuring the Ice.
In these troubled areas we were giv
en frequent opportunities to measure
lee thickness, and from our observa
tions we have come to the conclusion
that the ko during one year dues not
freeze to a depth of more than about
ten feet. Hut much of the Ice of the
central pack reaches a depth of from
twenty to twenty-five feet, and oren
slonally wo crossed fields fifty feet
thick. These Invariably showed signs
of many years of surface upbullilinp,
It Is very difficult to eurmlcfi tho
amount of aubmertred freezing after
the first year, but the very uniform
thickness of the antarctic sea Ice leads
to (lie suggestion that a limit Is reuch
i>fl In the second year, when tho \<:c,
with Its cover of enow, Is no thick that
very little Is added nftcrwnrC from be
low.
Increase In size nfter that Is prob
ably in the main tho result of addi
tion to the superstructure. Frequent
falls of snow, combined with tho al
ternate melting and freezing of sum
mer nnd a process pliullur to the up
building of glacial Ice, are mainly re-
HpoiiMlblo for the growth In thlckncH*.
The very heavy, undulating fields
which give <hura,cter to the nild-polnr
Ice nnd est'OpO along the enst and west
c-onsts of Greenland, are therefore most
ly augmented from the surface.
Georpo 111. and th» W(gm«kera.
When George 11 f. ascended tho
throne of England bis wealthy sub
jects were beginning to leave off wigs 1
ana to appear In their own h.ilr. "it
they hud nny." As the sovereign wa*
himself one of the offenders, the por
uke makers, who feared n serious lon
of trade, prepared v petition in which
they prayed his majesty to be grn
clously pleased to "shave his head" for
(he good of distressed workmen nnd
wear a wig, as liis father had done be
fore him.
When the petitioners walked to the
royal palace, however, It wns noticed
that they wore no wigs themselves.
As this seemed unfair to tbe onlook
ers they seized several of the hiding
processionists and cut their hair with
nny Implement that came most readily
to hand.
From this Incident arose a ho»t of
curious caricatures. The wooden leg
makers were said to have espevlal
claims on the king's consideration, in
asmuch as .the conclusion of peace had
deprived them of a profitable source
of employment: hence tbe suggestion
that Ills majesty should not only wear
a wooden leg himself, but enjoin tbe
people to follow his laudable example.
As Others See Us.
"The man who cuu pick out the best
picture of himself Is a rare ttnird." said
a photographer. "Even an nulbor, who
la reputedly a poor judge of his own
work, exercises vast wisdom fin select
ing his best book compared with tbe
person who tries to choose bis best
photograph. Every famous man or
woman who has* been photographed
repentedly lias Knis or her favorite plc
tnre. Usually 1« is the worst iin tho
collection. It shown him or hen 1 with
an unnatural expression, sitting or
standing in an unnatural attiifrode.
Tbe inability to judge of his best: pic
tore must be due tlo the average man's
Ignorance of how ho really looUsk. or
perhaps It can be partly attribute to
a desire to look other than he does. A
stoat man will swittir that tbe photo
graph most nearly like him Is the'OTO
that makes him look thin, a thin man
the' one that makes* liiin look stoutttto*
Bolbtnn man selects tbe jolllest picture,
tbe\forial man the naost cadaverous—
Philadelphia Ledgerc
A Famous Quotation.
A A story about Keats is quoted 1 by
t the late Sir Benjamin Ward Richawt-
s son £n his "Lives"' of disciples of
A Aesculapius. Mr. Stephens, a friend!
o of the doctor, once told him that one
e evening nt twilight when he and i
K Keats were sitting together In their l
s student days, Stephens at his medical: |
b books. Keats engrossed in his dream*- '•
i ing. Keats called oitt to his friend ;
t that lie had composed a new line— "X
t thing of beauty is a constant joy."
" "What think yon of. that. Stephens?"' | I
" "It has (ho true ring, but is warning- ;
I In some way," replies- the latter as he
d dips once more into- Ms medical stud 1 1
i ies.
A An interval of silence, and again tile |'
p poet. ** 'A thing of beauty is a joy for- 1
e ever:." What think you of that, StH- ;
p phens?" |
" "That It will live forever."
A A. happy prophecy indeed!
The Forests om the Niger.
Tli» insects of Africa are expert 33&
ease carriers, and they come in such
numbers on the Xiger that one hanily
dares to use one's ltamp or go too near
a light of any sort at night. These
forests on the Niger are deadly places
for all their haunting attraction and
take a big toll both of European ami
native life. Yet the first three days on
the Niger, with all its mud and! its
smell and Its mangrove flies and its
frogs and its crickets, are enough, to
give the newcomer an inkling of the
drawing power; the fascination, of
what is probably the most unhealthy
country in the world.— W. B. Thomp
son in Blackwood's.
Dodging a Slander.
During a suit for slander brought in
an Ohio town one of the parties was
asked by the- presiding magistrate:
"Is it true, as alleged, that you de
clared that Thomas Mulkinshadstolea
your pocketbook?"
"Your honor," responded the man,
"i did not go so far as that. I merely
said that If Mulkins had not assisted
me in looking for the pocketbook I
might have found it."— Chicago Rec
ord-Herald. , .
Before and After.
She was a frivolous, fashionable
young woman with beaux galore, but
one man with only a small Income
' seemed to be the favorite.
"You'll have to work hard before
you win that girl." said his mother.
"And a good deal harder after you
win her," answered his father, who
knew what he was talking about.
His Poems.
"May I offer you this little gift. Fran
lelu KuteV
"Excuse me— l never take presents
from men."
"15ut it is ouly a copy of ray book of
poems."
"In that case I will accept. I thought
It was something valuable."— Fllegendo
matter.
Tho Placo For It.
An old Scotswoman wns advised by
her minister to take Bliuff to keep her
solf awake during tup sermon. Shu
answered briskly. "Why dlnna ye put
the snuff in the sermon, inon?"
Tha Shake
"What did you say last night when.
Jack asked you to marry him?"
"I shook my head."
"Sideways or up and 0\ .viV— Hot
ton Transcript.
There is no piery 111 Keeping an Utt*
just nromlse.-Onrinnii Proverb,
What Ails You? .m.
Do you feel wenk, tired, despondent, have frequent head- vJB fStll
nchen, coated tongue, bitter or had tnste in morning, VMB £ i|V
"heart-burn," belching of gas ncid risings in throat nf"ter WkJjA
eating, stomach gnnvr or burn, foul breath, dizzy spells, fll
poor or variable nppctitc, nausea at times nnd kindred J6ta9o(jF^"-i
aympfoms ? #f| m|n
If you hare nny considerable number of the TE^QS«L
nbore symptom* you are sufferin* from bilious- MjtefoT^
ness, torpid liver with indigestion, or dyspepsia. . ' MLfjhO^K
Dr. Tierce'a Golden Medicnl Discovery in made _ BgyS^
up of the most valunble medicinal principles ■fv
known to medical science for the permanent Bl If*
cure of such abnormal conditions. It is m moat wml
efficient liver inrritf orator, stomach tonic, bowel
regulator and nerve strengthened
Tbe "Golden Medical Discovery" is not a patent medicine or secret nostrum,
• lull list of its ingredients being printed on its b«mle-wrapper and attested
under oath. A glance at these will show that it contains no alcohol, or harm-
ful habit-forming drugs. It is • fluid extract made with pure, triple-refined
glycerine, of proper strength, from the roota of native American medical,
forest plants. World's Dispensary Medical Association, Props., Buffalo, N, V
I DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR
I It strengthens the 9TBtem and builds it up
\ 3b when you breakfa9t, dine or sup,
I Be sure the bread that you do eat
Is- made from purest, best of wheat.
\ DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR h.
| DRIFTED SNOW FXOUR
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
» NOHTF MAH» STBEET # JACKSON, CAL
| CITY MEAT MARKET..
I . GEO. I.THOMAS A CO.
«' Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal,. Lamb, Hams,
• Corned Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc..
► At lowest market prices - - - Orders promptly delivered.
•••■•t«l«M*««««tf«»S*tOf*t**tt«SSttlllt«f»MMttaM
1
I FURNITURE STORE
J Webb Building, JACKSON..
i L. C. WHIfEE.... PROPRIETOR
I Only Exclusive Furniture Store in 4mador County.
i | Bedsteads,. Mattresses, Bureaus,
! I Tables, Chairs, Rockers,. Desks,
| Caupets, Matting, Linoleum, Window Shades
I Ranges, Cooking and Heating Stoves
|j . 'Everything in the housekeeping line may bo found
1 at this store, of up-to-date design and quality, and
n at reasonable prices.
n Houses furnished Complete on liberal terms.
B Carpet* fitted and sewed to any sized room; a largo assortment
B to seloct front.
A Call and examine the large and; complete stock,. a>ad get prices
•Jl before put-chasinif elsewhere.
S Orders from the county will receive prompt attentioa. >
fa Rurniture Polish, Liquid Glue, and Insect Powder,.
1 Second Hand Furniture Bought, Sold or
I
| All kinds of Furniture Repair Work Done.
M SBk Floss Mattresses made to order.
• •••• ••••••••■•■«••••»•••
i AT. HEWITT'S BAZAR •
• Special SAL l>) now on of Thanks- •
0 giving Necessities, Dolls, China- §
• ware. Toys. etc. etc. •
• W» Imvn the largest and most Tarled •
• Hum of TOYS In Central California.
• Stonkton's Greatest Bazar.
••••••••••••••••••••••••A
•
Electric
Bitters
Succeed when everything else fella.
In nervous prostration and female
weaknesses they are the supreme
remedy, as thousands have testified.
FOR KIDNEY, LIVER AND
STOMACH TROUBLE
it is the best medicine ever sold
over a druggist's counter.
The SINGFR
fcify^fStoasjP 1 111 UinUL,l\
Tlie latest result of fifty years' ex-
perience in making Sewing machines
for family use.
Machines sold on easy terms.
Absolutely the Ujjliteswunnin},' lock
stitch Sewing Machine
A. W, STONE, Agent
JACKSON, CAL.
The A. Van derNailenSchoo
Of Civil, Electrical Mining Engineering, etc
ESTABLISHED 1884.
Occupying their own large building, work
shop and laboratories.
Great demand tor ex-students in all lines.
New students should enroll at once.
TELEGRAPH AND 81st,
OAKLAND, CAL. mylS
Send feu Catalogue
■ ■
Dr. C. W. Brown
VETERINARY SURGE(N
and DENTISI
I'LAUKKVILLK 1 CALIF.
'i'elephoue Maiu 161
All kinds of veterinary dental am
surgical work skilflully performed.
Amador Hotel
J. M. Cuff man. Prop.
Board by Day, Week or Monti
Table always supplied with
l.'iv very best Id tlie market
SAMPLE ROOMS
For Commercial Traveller*
Opp. Livery Stable Amador Clt:
Phone Main ISOFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National Government
EXECUTIVE
resident William 11. Tnft
ico President James S. Sherman
JUDICIARY
U. 8. BUI'REMn COURT JUSTICES
(Chief Justice Fuller)
irst circuit. . Oliver W. Holms
ccond circuit.... Rufus W. Peckham
hlrd,clrcult Henory W. Brown
ourt.h circuit Melvlllo W. Fuller
ifth circuit Edward w. White
Ixth circuit JohnM. Harlan
eventh circuit William R Day
ight circuit David J. Brewer
Inth circuit Joseph McKonna
NINTH JUDICAL CIRCUIT
(Pacific States and Territories)
Ircult judgo William W. Morrow
Ircult judjre Esklre M. Ross
Ircult judge William B. Gilbert,
'. S. Commissioner for .Arnador coun
ty..... Richard Webb
LEGISLATIVE
SENATORS FROM CALIFORNIA
leorge C. Perkins and Frank P. Flint
CONGRESSMEN FROM CALIFORNIA
irst district. . . . ,. . . Wm. Englebright
econd district. ..Duncan E. McKlnlay
'hird distrsct . . . . Joseph K. Knowland
'ourth district Julius Kalin
'Ifth district E. A. Hayes
ixtn district James C. Needham
eventh district James McL'achlan
Jighth district. S. C. Smith
State Government.
EXECUTIVE
rovernor James N. Glllett
ileut-Governor Warren R. Porter
iecretary of State Charles P. Curry
lontroller A. B. Nye
'reasurer Wm. R. Williams
Lttorney-General . . . Ulysses S. Webb
;urveyor-General..Wm. S. Klngsbury
iupt. State Printiug\.W. W. Shannon
!lerk Supreme Court.. .P. L. Caughey
JUD.ICARY
SUPREME COURT
Jhlef J ustioe Wm.H. Beaty
Associate Justice T. B. McFarland
Associate Justice F. W. Henshaw
Vssociate Justice W. G. Loriean
Associate Justice' F. M. Anjrellotti
Justice Luclan Shaw
Vssociato Justice M. C Sloss
APPELLATE JUSTICES
'irst district James A< Cooper
i'irst district Samuel P. Hall
JUrst district Frank H. Kerrigan
second district Matttaew.T. Alfen
Second district James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw
Third district Norton P. Chipmtui
ThiJd district. Albert G. Burnett
Third district Elijah C. Hart
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
JMnst district. Joseph H Scott
SecoDd district Alex Brown
Third district Richard E.Collins
fourth district Jeff D. MSElvalno
RAILROAD COMMISSION
•Vet district.-. Alex C. Urwin
Second district Andrew M. Wilson
Third district... Theodore Summorland
LEGISLATIVE
senator, 10th district A. Caminetti
Assemblyman. 11th dist..G. P. Snydcr
U. S. LAND OFFICE
[Sacramento] '
Register ". . .John P. Armstrong
Receiver John C. Ing
County Government.
Superior Judge. . .Hon. Fred V. Wood
Sheriff & Tax Collector. ..US Gregory
Deputy W. T. Connors
District Attorney C. P. Vieioi
Olork nod Auditor J. li. Huborty
Deputy Li. Newman
Recorder Thos. M. Ryan
Deputy L. G. Meeluin
Treasurer. ... George A. Gritton
Assessor C. E. Jarvis
Deputy George A. Gordon
Surveror Wm. Brown
Supt. of Suuols W. H. Greenhulgh
Supt. Hospital K. 15. LuMolu
Physician E. E. Endicott, M. D.
Corner & Public Adrar. . .H. E. Potter
Court Commissioner Goo A Gordon
HOARD OK SUPERVISORS
Township 1. .. .John Stronm, Jackson
Township 2 15. 11. Bugloy, lono
Township 3 A. Grlllo, Volcano
Township 4D. A. I'Yasur Sutter Crook
Township 5 L. Burke, Plymouth
[Chairman]
JUSTICES OF THE I'EACK
Towiibhlp No. 1 A. Goldner
Township No. 2 T. ll.Gnrtllu
Township No. 3 A. W. llobln«on
Township No. 4 VV. L. Hoso
Township No. 5 John 1 Slower
CONSTAHLES
Township No. 1 A. Laveione
Township No. 2 J. E. Kelley
Township No. 3 T. C. MeKenzo
Township No. 4 T. S. Tuttlo
Township No. 5 N. E, Wheeler
Death en the Guillotine.
Sflrdoti, In order to bo present at th«
execution of Tropuinn In January,
1875, spent the night before with La
Kofiuotte, tbe prison director. In his
description he says: "At daybreak tbe
gijests went out upon the cold, bleak
execution place, where the guillotine
had already been erected. The be
draggled crowd, which hnd spent the
night in drinking places, sang ribald
wings and from time to time shouted
for Delbler, tbe executioner, who
meanwhile wns explaining the mechan
ism. The, basket in which the bead
wns to drop was brought, and while
looking at it I was horritied to see
the lid arise and n huinnn form
emerge. 'Don't worry.' «ald Delbler,
with a smile; 'thnt la only my wife,
who wanted to sco the execution, and
I chose the simplest way to secure a
good place for her.' " Clemenceau saw
Emlle Henry decapitated on May 22.
1894, in his capacity as a journalist,
and, describing how the culprit was.
dragged to the machine, strapped upon
the plank and there tortured by await
ing the pleasure of Delbler till tbe
knife finally ended it all. said that tbe
"horror of it" made him sick.
Why Blinds Were Drawn.
The Edinburgh landlady of the sev
enties who astounded J nines Payn by
her stern determination to have the
blinds drawn closely down on the Sab
bath was but carrying on the tradi
tions of her great-grandparents. The
Scot . of the early eighteenth century
had a reason for drawing his blinds
on Sunday. Mr. Thompson in bis
"Weaver's Crnft" gives it. "Some
times,the minister himself." be wrote,
"when he got a colleague to preach for
him would "make the rounds, accom
panied by- an elder, to spy with his
own eyes the sins of the nbscntees.
Here one man Is found romping with
his bairns, another as the minister
peeped through the window was de
tected kissing bis wife, two men were
found drinking ale. and one was found
with his coat off. as if; he were going
to work, and still, another was seen
eating a hearty dinner. All were pull*
ed up before the session of the kirk
and repentance forced upon each."—
London Standard.
Bread and Cheese.
A couple advanced in years got mar
ried lately.
The husband had a room in the house
securely locked, tbe iuside of which
his wife hnd never seen, and, being
curious of its contents, she begged
again and again to see the room.
At last be consented, and. lo and be
hold, the room was full of whole
cheeses!
He explained matters by telling her
that for every sweetheart be had in
his young days be bought a cheese.
His wife began to cry.
"Don't cry. dear," be said. "I've bad
no sweethearts since I met you."
"It's not that," she replied, still sob
bing. "1 only wisli 1 had been as
thoughtful as you and bought a loaf of
bread for every man that kissed me.
We could have had bread and cheese
enough to last us all our days."—Lon
don Tit-Bits.
Trouble For Creditors.
Eve:i the simplest law transactions
seem to be beyond the comprehension
of some people. An old fanner went
into a grocer's shop a short time ago,
ordered a sovereign's worth of goods
and when they wore ready for deliv
ery laid down a live- shilling piece in
payment thereof.
The shopkeeper called out. "Here,
this isn't right!" as tbe customer start
ed to leave.
"Oh, yes, that's all right," replied the
man. "I've got permission from the
Judge to pay r> shillings in the pound."
A heated discussion revealed that
the man bad lately settled an insol
vency upon this basis and expected to
<ontinue that method 'indefinitely.
When be was shown bis mistake he
was very Indignant and evidently con
sidered himself a much abused man.—
London Globe.
She Wasn't Superstitious.
"Mary. Mary." cried Mrs. Johnson
to her maid, "what shall I doV I've
just had a inuvt dreadful accident and
don't know what's going to happen.
I've broken my new hand glass, and
you know how unlucky it is to break
a looking glass. It means seven years'
unhappiness."
"Lor, 1 mum." replied Mary, ""don't
you set no heed on that. Look at me.
I'm not fretting, and I've just broken
tbe large pier glass in the drawing
room."— Loudou Fun.
Leftover Material.
Harbiiru, aged four, had always been
allowed to luuko small cakes out of the
scraps of dough left from th<> morn-
Ing's baking, ho one morning after be
ing sent to gather the eggs she came
running In with a very tiny one mid
exclaimed: "Ob, mamma, see this little
egg! It must be that's all the dough
the hen had left!"— Delineator.
Ups and Downs.
"The world Is full of ups and downs."
quoted the wise guy. "That's right,"
agreed the simple mug. "We ure ei
ther trying to live up to a good repu«
tatlou or trying to live v bad one
down."— Philadelphia Itecord.
A Piano Club.
Sirs. riuttou-Wo ure orgaulzius a
piano club, Mr. Klatlelgli. Will you
join us? Flatleigh — With pleasure,
Mrs. Iluttou. What pl'm'st do you
propose to club first 7— Chicago News.
Bitter Left Vnzr.'.J.
Hostess— lt's beginning to rain.
You'll" wet wet. I think you'd better
etay to dinner. Departing Guest— o6.
dear, no! It's not raining so badly aa
all that.-Syduey Bulletin. •
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weekly for the Ledger.
Electricity for Isolated Homes— lron ty
Electrolysis— The Summer Vacation
Flying-Machine— A Playground Uni
verse—Putting Out a Ship Fire With
out Flooding— Rubbered Leather— A
Smoke Measurer-Wave- Power Counted
Out —Storage- Battery Fraction.
Another step toward the production of
electric plants for the famcr seems to
have been achieved at Buckcnhill, Eng.
A wind turbine 24 feet in diameter is
mounted on a steel tower 75 feet high,
about 435 yards from the house and 80
feet above its level, and drives a
specially-designed generator, with arma
ture running in vertical position, ad
apted to a speed variation of 400 to 1600
revolutions per minute.. The current
is conducted by overhead copper wires
from ihe generator at the foot of the
tower to a storage battery of 28 cells in
an outbuilding of the house. The
battery is divided into two. equal groups
of cells, and is designed to feed about
100 Osram metallic filament lamps in
the lighting circuit, besides driving a
50- volt motor for working a chaff-cutter,
circular saw, and root-pulping machine.
The motor is in a shed 80 yards from
the house, connected to the battery by
an underground cable. The plant is
entirely automatic and a special tail
gear changes the position of the wheel
when its stopping is desired, and also
when the wind reaches a certain prede
termined velocity. With ball bearings
and gears inclosed in an oil bath, the
plant could be neglected for a year with
out damage from lack of lubrication.
The apparatus has been in successful
operation a few weeks, and. has done
wood-sawing and other work in addition
to lighting the house.
When the making of electrolytic iron
is fully developed, it is expected that
iron objects can be made direct from
the ore in its bed without any necessity
of mining. Iron tubes or plates can be
made by placing iron ore or cast iron in
an acid bath, and connecting it with the
positive pole of a dynamo, the negative
electro being a lead-covered wooden
core for a tube or a similar Hat surface
for a plate. When the iron deposit is
thick enough, it is taken out, the tube
being heated to remove the core. The
electrolytic iron is very pure and can be
made from poor or iron waste.
The monoplane, it is pointed out, is
better adapted than the biplane for mak
ing in small sections to pack in the
aviator's trunk when he goes to his
summer, home.
The instructive model of the solar sys
tem designed by Agnes t-ay, a British
teacher, is on a scale of one million
miles to the foot, and she suggests that
the upper classes in any school may take
it to advaniage. While she used a hol
low wooden ball for the sun, a calico
ball stuffed with hay would serve as
well. On this scale, the sun, 800,000
miles in diameter, is reduced to 10 2-5
inches; Mercury, 3,000 miles ;Venus and
the earth each 8,0000 miles, to two pin
heads of 1-10 inch; Mars, 3,000 miles,
to 1-20 inch; Jupiter, 8,000 miles,
1 1-25 inches; Saturn, 74,000 miles,
9-10 inch; Uranus, 33,000 miles, 2-5
inch; Neptune, 37000, miles, 2-5 inch.
The planets are mounted on pins at the
top of of four foot posts, Mercury being
3G feet from the sun, Venus 67. the
earth 93, Mars 142, Jupiter 484, Saturn
887, while Uranus is 1783 feet away,
and Neptune 2800. The moon, 2,000
miles in diameter, is a sphere of 1-40
inch mounted on the post with the
earth at a distance of three inches, and
the two satelites of Mars, 8 of Jupiter,
9of Saturn, 4 of Uranus, and 1 of
Neptune, are mostly mere specks Quite
hear their respective planets, Jupiter
having its eighth moon at the extreme
distance of 15 feet. jOn this scale, a
light year is 1100 miles. Alpha Cen
tauri would be as far away from London
as New York; and 01 Cygni, the nearest
star visible in the northern hemisphere
as far away as Pekin via New Yor.:.
The Milky Way, if correctly assumed
to be 4,000 light years from us, would
be- on the scale of the model — about
20 times as distant as the real moon
from the real earth. Giving motions on
this scale, the earth would revolve
around the sun 167 times each second;
Neptune would make its 3 mile circuit
in one second; and the precession of
the equinoxes would be completed in 2
minutes.
Fire fighting apparatus on shipboard
is very inadeouate, and about 40 vessels
yearly are burned at sea. The use of
incombustible gases from the smoke
stack for smothering flames is the novel
idea of George Harker, an Australian.
His method has been adopted by an
Australian sugar steamer, which has v
small motor driving a fan to pump ti.e
gases from the runnel, with apparatus
for cleansing the gases and forcing them
through the pipes to any part of the ship
The same plan is effective, for destroy
ing rats.
The rubberized leather of a new Lon
don factory said to be be made by giving
the hides a protective chrome tanning,
then filling the interstices with rubber.
Rabbit, goat and sheep skins become
extraordinarily, tough as well as water
proof, and are expected to he especially
valuable for motor tires, miners' boots,
and many other purposes.
In efforts to enforce legislation against
smoke from factory chimneys, evidence
as to the degree and duration of smoki
ness has been difficult to get as the esti
mates of witnesses vary greatly. The
new smoke tinometer of John Lowden,
a Scotch engineer, gives accurate
measurements by the color of the
smoke. The instrument is a tube having
an eyepiece at one end, while the op
posite end has two apertures, front of
one of which is a revolving diaphragm
having five circular holes, four of them
containing glass tinted to correspond to
the already adopted standard smoke
scale of Ringlemann. The observer
looks towards the windward side at the
smoke issuing from the chimney. He
sees through the clear hole and one of
the tinted ones at the same time, the
latter facing the clear sky beyond the
smoke, while the clear glass shows a
circular patch of the column of smoke.
The diaphragm is revolved until the two
holes are eaually illuminated. The
numbered scale on the instrument gives
the number corresponding to light grey,
dark grey, black, or other shade of the
Ringelmann chart, and furnishes the
inspector an exact record of the chim
ney's performance.
Why the dream of utilizing the
energy of waves cannot be realized
has been explained by Signor
Riccardo Salvaordi. The mean horse
power of waves he finds to be really
quite small, and even if the energy were
less variable, the expense of accumulat
ing it— in reservoirs of compressed air,
for instance— could not be considered.
Waves a yard high furnish one horse
power per yard of coast, waves^two yards
BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH
fill ©AM FMAM©l!©@
BULLETIN
San Francisco's Leading 1 Daily, the
AMADDR LEDBER
Is enabled to offer old and new subscribers
Amadnr I eter - Week 'y' s2 1 FOR
Ulliauul JLVU&V4 per year aq f\s\
The Bulletin - - Dai| ys 3 foo.uu
lilt DUIIUIII per year J p er Yea r
This is an extraordinary offer, and may bo withdrawn at any time, so we would
suggest that all old subscribers in arrears pay back accounts that they may take
advantage of this special combination sale.
THE BULLETIN is famous from coast to coast for its tight in defense of clean
government, and is read by moro pooplo daily than the combined circulation of
all other San Fraueisoo dailies.
You will appreciate the valuo of this oiler when you consider that any of tho
other San Francisco papers will cost you $8 per year.
SUBSCRIBE TO-DAY
high yielding seven horsepower. The
yard high wave is usually the greatest
that can be depended on for half of the
days of the year, and the cost of a plant
to utilize its energy would be something
like 81000 per horse-power.
Storage battery cars arc now running
on a number of Prussian railroads, where
they have proven very satisfatory. On a
car of the Limberg-Camberg line, the
hatterv has 170 cells, yielding current at
340 volts, and there are four fifty horse
power motors, permanently coupled in
parallel. The cars weigh (50 tons, includ
ing ten tons of electrical apparatus, and
15 tons of battery. Speed is regulated
by different couplings of the cells, and
the grouping is operated by a small elec
tric motor.
HANDICAPPED
This Is the Case With Many Jackson
People.
Too many Jackson citi Mill are handi
capped with a had hack. The unceasing
pain causes constant misery, making
work a hurden and stooping or lifting an
impossihilitv. The back aches at ti i^ lit.
preventing refreshing rest and in the
morning is stiff and lame. Plasters
and liniments may give relief, but can
not reach the cause. To eliminate the
pains and aches you must cure the kid
neys.
Doan's Kidney Pills cure sick kid
neys and cure them permanently.
The following statement should con
vince every Jackion reader of their
efficiency.
~ Thoams Fowler, 1016 Fourteenth St.,
Sacramento, Cal.. says: "I suffered so
severely from pains in my back that I
was unable to get about. There was a
dull ache across my kidneys which pre
vented me from resting well and too
frequent passages of the kidney secre
tions greatly annoyed me. I finally pro
cured a box of Doan's Kidney Pills and
my kidneys and back have given me no
trouble since using them. lam pleased
to recommend this remedy to other kid
ney sufferers. ' '
For sale by all dealers. Price 50
cents. Foster-Milhurn Co., Buffalo,
New York, sole agents for the United
States.
Remember the name — Doan's— and
ake no other.
Anim»l« and Instinct.
tt li a mistake to lmn«!ne that ni.l
tnals are prevented by Instinct frota
edtlflg Injurious food. A chicken will
drink pnlnt; n cow partakes of water
In which noxious chemicals have been
washed; du;ks cheerfully swallow
snnlls nnd choke themselves) In $h«
process. No; animals, like children,
need watching.
Herently numerous cases of poLsoiv
Ing in ducks, which followed the con
sumption nf cabbage leaves, have at
tracted much nttctitlnn, A few hours
after foodtng poisoning lias ma Direct
ed Itßelf by loss of appetite, great
weakness, tottering steps and some
times dentil, From time immemorial
ducks hnvo thrived on cabbage loaves.
The poultry farmers were greatly puz
zled.
Then It was discovered that vnrious
caterpillars Were concealed In the cab
bage leaves! hence these tears. But
the point Is that, far from Instinctive
ly detecting any danger and behaving
accordingly, the ducks consumed great
quantities of tfao leaves with much ap
parent relish.— London Answers.
Pleasure and Sacrifice.
An alert little five-year-old was visit
ing a city park with her mother for
the first Mine. She bad noticed the
beautiful rod and while swan boats n*
they passed through In the morning,
and her mother had promised they
should come back after tbe shopping
wns done and have a ride.
Shortly after dinner they stood on
the bridge over the Ingoon watching
tbe boats below and listening to th«
cry of the barker as be tried to induce
tbe passing crowds to patronize hi*
swan boats. .
But when her mother started toward
the boat landing little Elsie declared
very vigorously that she did not want
to go at all aud, as her mother urged
her. broke forth in tears.
This sudden fear was so different
from her former eagerness that her
mother could not understand it until
she noticed tbe boatman's call.
ne was crying: "Come along! Come
along! Ride clear round tbe -pond.
Only 5 cents for ladies and gents!
Children thrown In!"AMADOU LEDGER.
Jackson, cat., DECEMBER ». i»oo
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
AUKUM.
Nov. 11 Mr and Mrs Oolllntt arrived
home last Monday from their/ protracted
visit in San Francisco 'with Mrs
Goffinct's sister, Mrs Winteler and
family.
Blanche QoffltMt was at Mrs B. Mag
lones at Fairplay 0:1 a visit and business
trip combined one day last week.
Jim Votaw, who has heen quite sick
the past week, is better.
Charlie Votaw and family of Copper
hill, who brought their little boy to Dr.
Saundcrs for treatment for a fractured
wrist, also to visit their parents, Jim
and Fannie Votan have returned to their
work at Copper hill.
Louie Seely, wife and little Irene
were the guests of Mrs Krutcher and
family in Shenandoah Friday and Satur
day.
Mrs Grace Payton and three children
will go to Amador Monday to visit
among her husband's people, also he
sister and friends. She has spent two
weeks with Mrs Stumpff at Pigeon
Creek. Her girlhood home was with
Mrs Stu.npff. The meeting was a very
happy one, it being the first time she
has heen home since she was married to
Will Payton.
Mrs Wm. Burns went to Shenandoah
Sunday and brought her mother, Mrs
Cram home with her to remain a few
I weeks with her daughter, Sarah.
Mamie Slaven has arrived home from
Stockton, where she has been attending
school. Mamie had the measles and the
doctor advised her to leave off study on
account of her eyes. So she came home
to spend the holidays. W. A. L.
Nearly everbyody knows DeWitt's
Little Early Risers are the best pills
made. They are small, pleasant, sure
little liver pills. Sold by City Pharmacy
F. VC. Ruhser.
AMADOR.
Miss Pinga Kettaglettia who has been
spending several weeks vacation at San
Francisco and other cities for the pur
pose of improving her health, returned
Sunday night, very much improved.
Miss Lucy Chichizola, was the guest
of Miss Helen Down of Sutter Creek
Saturday and Sunday.
Miss Nellie Arnerich, who has been
visiting at Jackson, viith Miss Lucy
Perovich, returned Sunday.
Mrs S. J. Pierce was the guest of Mrs
L?min of Jackson one day last week.
Mrs Church who has bean visiting
with friends and relatives of San Fran
cisco, returned Sunday night.
'drs Geo. Wriggleworth left Tuesday
morning for Jackson, where she will
spend the holidays with her parents, 33 r
and ,".vs IV Ha.ll.
""Amador wa? very glad to have the
heavy rainfall that fell fora few days
this week. It is a rainfall that the
people have been waiting for, for
months. .
The Little Amador mil! star'^ f or {] ie
first time Thant; wK|vl| ,g d>y There
were a few; ,n, nv | to j , () see it start . h
is a Siio.'S- for it has been running
constantly day and night,
Mrs Church's house had a narrow
escape from tire Monday morning. Her
grandaughter, Elsie Clark, discovered
the fire about the stove pipe, it was
burning briskly when discovered. Frank
Church was summoned from the mine
and helped put it out.
Willie Dunlap made v flying trip to
San Francisco last week, returning Sun
day night.
Mrs J. Phipps was the guest of Mrs
P. Phipps of Sutter Creek Saturday and
Sunday.
.Mr mid Airs James Chichizola and
baby were the guests of the latter' s
mother, Mrs L. Griffith of Plymouth
Friday,
Every case of backache, weak back,
bladder inflammation and rheumatic
pains is dangerous if neglected as such
troubles are nearly always due to weak
kidneys. Take De Witt's Kidney and
bladder pills. They are antiseptic and
soothe pain quickly. Insist upon De-
Witt's Kidney and Bladder Pills. For
weak kidneys and inflammation of tho
bladder they are unequaled. Regular
size SOc. Sold here by City Pharmacy,
F. W. Ruhser.
PLYMOUTH.
D SC- l— A. F. Morgan, win has been
to the city on lvjsincjj, returned Mon
day.
Joe CnsscK i it. Ahrcdor was a visitor
in town SJfliis;*.
Mr unU Mrs James Chichizola and
lttle son ef Aniador, were the guests of
Mrs Chichizola's parents. Mr and Mrs
L G. Critlitl), on Sunday last.
Ud. Tuttle was a passenger Friday on
the Carbohdale stage eu route for the
northern part of the state, where he will
visit friends and relatives. He intends
returning toon accompanied by his
sister, but rumor says it will be a
bride.
Mrs V. Olds and Mrs Chas Devore
made a flying trip to Fores: Home on
Sunduv last.
Little Reggie Penter, who has been
visiting his aunt, .Mrs lilvin Shealor of
Oleta, returned to his home here on
Monday last.
Dr. W. A. Norman and J. E. Walton,
who have been in San Francisco for the
past few days, returned on Sunday last.
John Dabovlch of Jackson, formerly
of this place was in town Monday.
Brad Reeves of Cosumnes is here
visiting relatives.
A grand ball will be given hern by the
business men of this town. Music
will be furnished by Bowers orchestra
or Stockton. The hall which has for
merly been so cold, will be battened
and fixed up good and warm before the
dance.
H. Meyers, who has been to the city
for the past few days, has returned.
Rumor says the wedding bells will be
ringing soon in the vicinity of Aukuni.
Mrs Laura Butler has resigned her
poistion as waitress 1 at the Central
hotel. Mrs Harriet Ybright will take
her place.
A. O. Dugan has been building a new
gate for Geo. Penter. Wild Roses.
SUTTER CREEK
Miss Vesta Ross returned to her home
here Tuesday evening, after an absence
of several weeks visiting relatives in
San Francisco and on the Sacramento
river at Ryde.
Mr and Mrs Elliott Springer are re
joicing over the advent of a healthy,
bouncing baby boy into their home
Tuesday morning, the 30th instant.
Miss Maud Miller arrived here this
week, and has resumed her old position
as waitress at the American Exchange
hotel.
Mrs Belle Cooledge of Lodi, a former
resident of Sutter, arrived here Saturday
evening to attend to business interests
and call upon her old friends.' Mrs
Cooledge was the guest of Mr and Mrs
F. Martin during her stay, returning to
her home Tuesday morning.
Miss Jennie Sanderson, who has been
in Goldfield. Nevada, for several years,
employed in the postoffice, returned a
few days ago to visit her father and
sister, John Sanders and Miss Mary, at
the old home place.
Mrs Elizabeth Sausmon, son George,
and daughters, Miss Vera Schnabley,
will take their departure next Saturday
morning for Berkeley, where they ex
pect to reside for some time. Mrs
Sausmon was the recipient of a very
pretty souvenir spoon, a little token of
esteem and good sisterhood, presented
by her sisters in the Order of Rebekahs,
in their hall last Wednesday afternoon.
Anna Rose, daughter of Judge Rose,
is ill with scarlet fever. The house is
quarantined, and Dr. Griffith is in at
tendance.
We are in receipt of the news of the
passing away of Dr. Crowder in Stock
ton last Sunday of heart d'sease, the re
mains being interred at his old place of
residence to-day, Thursday, at Sania
Rosa. Dr. Crowder lived at this place
several years ago, and practiced his
profession, and was much esteemed p; )( 3
respected. Some eight years ago, he
moved to Tracy, whsre he incepted
the position of railroad phys ! , C j arii an d
has been there until his d-^th
William Eddy passr j flway at his res .
idence here '^ t Saturday night, after
an illne"^ n j about two years of miner's
wonsumption, but confined to his bed for
only two weeks. The deceased was a
native of England, aged 57 years and a
few months had lived in Sutter Creek
for 31 years, being employed in the
mines. The funeral was held Wednes
day afternoon from th.2 M. E. church,
under the auspices of the I. O. O. F.
and Amador Encampment, of which he
had long been a member. He was also
a member of the order of Rebekahs, I.
O. O. F. , and of the Knighs of Mac
cabees, in which he carried an in
surance. Interment in I. O. O. F.
cemetery. A widow, three daughters,
and several grandchildren survive him.
Mrs H. Cobb came up from Lodi
Tuesday evening, to attend the funeral
of her father. Wm. Eddy. Mrs Cobb
has a position at the Booth Orphan
home at Lodi.
OLETA.
Nov 20.— Another one of California's
pioneers has passed the shadow of im
mortality, in the person of Joshua Otis
Merrow, who died at his home about
4 miles from Oleta on November 22,
aged 74 years, 'J months and 19 days.
He was born in Fairfield, Maine Febru
ary Ist, 1835. He left New York
August 13, 1855, and landed in San
Francisco on September ltith of the
same year. For a while he mined at
West Point. In 18G1 he left off mining
and worked for a considerable lentgh of
time for the late Benjamin Tyler, who
was there running a saw-mill on what is
known as the Tyler ranch. Nine years
after this he went to Placer county,
and worked at the Alabama *Saw-mill
operated by the Tollo brothers. Finally
he drifted back to Oleta and on February
21, 1881), married Mrs Cimeronia Ne
well and it was upon Newell homestead
that he died. He was hurried in Ole'.a
Thursday last. Giddy Dick.
You should always remember that
most couj;!! and cola cures ure consti
pating. Yet the most important thing to
do when you have » C() ' ( -i ' s to move
the bowels. You cannot promptly cure
a cod until you do this. Kennedy's
Laxative Cough Syrup stops the cough
by allaying inflammation of the throat
and lungs, and it drives the cold from
the system by g'jntly moving the bowels.
Children like it for it tastes neaily as
good as maple su»:ar. £o!d by City
Pharmacy, r. W. Kuhser,
BORN
FISHER.— In Jackson, November 2«.
HXK), to the Wife of Ernest Fisher, a
son.
MYIiRS.— At Stony Creek. November
27, !(K)9. lo the wife of Oscar Myers,
a Slighter.
MARRIED.
MINER-DIKBOLD.— In Stockton, Wed-
nesday, November 24, 1909, Eugene
Miner and'Alicd Diehold, both of
Jackson Valley.
UlfcD
KOUREVICH— In Jackson, December 3,
1909, Golub Kourevich a native of
Montenegro, aged 31 years.
Looking One's Best.
It's a woman's delight' to look her
best but pimples, skin eruptions, sores
and boils rob life of joy. Listen!
Buckton's Arnica Salve cures them
makes the skin soft and velvety. It
glories the face. Cures pimpks, sore
eyes, colds sores, cracked lips, chapped
hands. Try it. Infallible for Piles.
25c at Spagnoli's Drug Store.
Hoy ~
KOKOffIO Field FENCE
Poultry
fioditiflioot ,7..., 7 ... _ \ _ L 8L 8
iJL ' |^ • i-J p ■ r'— ~ j - % ■ ■ •-- -~-j ,
■Hr■■ — \—-!\ — - ! V^ - -it ii Jtii«--iW~ ~r i iy^i " irtr i fri
The Standard of all makes, Square and
diamond mesh fences for all purposes.
Made of heavy non-rust, self-regulating
steel wires. Absolutely hog-tight and
stock-proof. Write us for catalogue
and pricer.
California Anchor Fence Co.
Main and Grant Sts. Stockton, Cal.
150,0(00
Eucalyptus Trees
For Sale.— East Lawn Conservatories.
Agents Wanted. Address H. W. Hand,
Secretary, 605 J. St.. Sacramento, Cal.
FOR SALE— I2O acres of timber land
near the old Barney place. Big wages
can be made cutting logs, making posts
and laggings, shakes and shingles. - A
good worker can cut enough logs in one
season to pay for the land.
Address, T. J. HIGHTOWER,
Elk Grove, Cal.
~~ 03009
NOTICE
flriiiiiofi m
•
Notice is hereby given, that Giovanni
Rossi, whose residence and poet office
address is Voclano, county of Amador,
state of California has this day filed lm |
anplication for a patent for Ih3 K'itt:
G"rcy" placer mining claim, with sur-
face ground, sjt'r.teJ in the Volcano
mining district, crj.iK' cf A::i;Jjr, :Ulc
of California, ami described with re-
ference to the public land surveys an
follows, to wit: Lot 1, of the S. E. Y-
of the S. E. H of Sec. 14, and the lot 1
of the N. E. VAV A of the N. E. 'i o» Se-.
23, T. 7 N., R. 12 E., M. D. B. &
m.
The amended location notice of this
mine is recorded in the oliiuo of the
county recorder of Amador county, in
book "X" of Mining claims, ptgc
The said mining claini is bounded
as follows :
On the no'th by the Parker Quartz
Vein or lode, patented; on the south by
the Downs Quartz mine, lot 430/; on I
the east by land of R. C. Downs ; on
the west by mine loctions.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
t'eglster.
Date of first publication, December 3,
1009.
t|J 'both TESTS H*DC QV ELfcCTHICAI TESTING UAOOH ATOH IES NEWYQKK CITY- Ug
I the WELS BACH KEFLEXOLIEU |
jjj ♦• FOR STORES.MOMES.CLUBS and HALLS.
I.GIVES ASOFT STEADY LIGHTOF GREAT BRILLIANCVAND POWER CLOSELY RESEMBLING DAYIIGHT |
3 SUPERIOR TO ELECTRIC LIGHT IN QUALITY. EFFICIENCY AND ECONOMY V S
W The tiahts are turned on or off by a mere pull on the chain-Making itas easy and convenient HI
H wSi^^^^UgW-%sitiv9bilb9etim'Simpla mifs construction. U
if CIIEAPEK.TO BUY CHEAPER TO USB CHEAPER TO KEEP IN .ORDER |
H EXHIBITION AT D.UR SALESIQnM |
H OUR REPRESENTATIVE WILL CALL BY REQUEST WITH Ri-.L INFORM ATIOW. 3
3 At JACKSON 6AS WORKS- B
Eat What
You want of the food you need
Kodol will digest it
You need ft sufficient amount of fV.r I"* m f
good wholesome food and inoro than V/Ur VjUaraniCC
thl9 you need to fully digest it. Go to your druggist today, and
Else you can't gain strength, nor purchase a dollar bottle, and if you
can you strengthen your stomach if can honestly say, that you did net
it is weak. receive any benefits from it, after
You must eat in order to live and using tho entire bottle, tho drug-
maintain strength. gist will refund your money to you
. You must not diet, because the without question or delay,
body requires that you eat a sufllo We will pay the druggist the price
lent amount of food regularly. of tho bottle purchased by you.
But this food~m"ust be digested, ™ 8 offer applies to the large
and it must be digested thoroughly! J* '"£ onl * and to but one ln a
When the stomach can't do it, iami| y'
you must take something that will
help the stomach. We could not afford to make such
The proper way to do is to eat an offer > unless we positively knew
what you want, and let Kodol dl- what Kodol will do for you.
gest the food. lt( would bankrupt us.
The dollar bottle contains 25* times
Nothing else can do this. When as much as the fifty cent bottle,
the stomach is weak it needs help; — —
you must help it by giving it rest, Kodol is made at the laboratories
and Kodol will do that. ' of E. C. DeWitt & Co., Chicago.
AT CITY PHARMACY. .JACKSON
For Anything in
LUMBER
RING, UP
GREEN & RATTO
Jackson Agents.
AMADOR LUMBER CO.
i ■ u __
NOTICE TO CREDITORS
Estate of John D. Baughem deceased.
. Notice is hereby given by the under-
signed, administrator of the estate of
John D. Baughman, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having
claims against the said deceased, to ex-
hibit them, with the necessary vouchers,
within four months after the rirst publi-
cation of this notice to the said admin-
istrator, at the law office, of Wm. G.
Snydtr, 1 No. 8 Court Street, Jackson,
California, the same being the place for
the transaction of the business cf said
estate-, in said Amador county. C2S^»,
Dated, November ?.2..'d, lucV.
11. E. POTTER,
Administrator of the cs'.ate of said
deceased.
Wm G. Synder, attorney for admin-
istrator.
BOARD OF EDUCATION
Jrx'r.son, Aniador Cc, California
Nov. 22nd, ISOD.
To Whom It May Concern :
The Board of Education of Amadcr
couny will meet in ihi ofiice of the
coiiny 1 superintendent, of schools Satur-
day, 'December, 11th, '00, at 10 A. M.
to adopt questions for th 2 teachers' ex-
amination to be held in Jackson, Decem-
ber \Mb. 14; 15, 10 and 17th. On De- '
camber 22 to issue certificates on exam- j
I inatiori anJ credentials, adopt books anl
to perform all other duties rccuircd of
the board.
Very respectfully,
W. H. GREENHALGH
S'ipf n( SolO' 1 ' 5 .
EVERY WOMAN
Covets a fresh, smooth, satiny complex-
ion, and what satisfaction and peace of
mind Its possession brings. The lines of
age, worry and overwork 'are rendered
well nigh powerless by Mrs. NETTIE
HARRISON'S LOLA MONTEZ CREME.
A wonderful soother, healer and protector
to a dry, contracted or chapped skin.
Demonstrate Its remarkable power In your
home by obtaining a free sample and
Book -SECRET OF lEAUTT ANB GOOD HEALTH" at
CITY PHARMACY;
For Sale-$3,000.
Shnw'ri liliicksmilh hikl tcpair shop,
Vulley tiprioKS, California, iuclcdiug
real estate equipped with power and
tnuderu machiuery for all classes of
work, best lot of blacksmith and
wood working tools in Calnveras
uouuty. liarcus Lioiee 6hoeiug sling,
ti.'iop huil tools for cHrrinpo painMng.
luquiia ot Warren Lauiu, Liiver-
niore. CHlif.
BIG CUT~7
MOINUMENTS-
• ■ GRANITE
And CEMENT WORK
40 PER CENT LESS
Than I usually charge. I will do thu
work in unv part, of Amador unct Caiu-
VL'ras county. Woi'k.jfuui'untcedJ
A. FRANATOVICII,
Std'ne Mason;
A. BASSO
Jackson's Harness Man
I
| 'lilum street, opposite Globe Hotel
' ThP finest assortment of Ilnrnesx in .Jackßon.
I Aiiyiliiiij; In the Hurueas line citu lw UuU here
I'o.thoiiui'li) rutivs.
All kinds of repair work done.
Boots and Shoos repaired. au2o
Order to Show Cause Why Order of
Sale of (leal Estate Should not
be /Hade-
In the Superior Gourt of the county of
Amador, State of California.
In the Matter of the Estate of Sarriuel
W. Bright, deceased.
Carleton T. Bartlett, the Adminis-
trator of the Estate of Samuel W. Bright,
Deceased, having filed his verified
petition herein praying for an order of
sale of the real estate of said decedent
for the purposes therein set forth to-wit,
for the best interest of the estate of said
decedent and for the payment of the
debts, expenses and charges of the
Administration of said estate.
It is therefore ordered that all persoes
interested in the Estate of said deceased
appear before snid Superior Court on
Saturday, the 20th day of November, A.
D., 1 00*), at the hour of 10 o, clock A.
M. of said day nt the Court Room in tha
Gourt House in the City of Jackson,
County of Amador, State of California,
and show cause why an order should
not be granted to the said Administrator
to sell all of the real estate belonging to
to said estate of deceased, and that a
copy of this order be published four (4)
successive weeks in the Amador Ledger,
a newspaper printed and pubilshed in
the said City of Jackson, county cf
Amador, State of California.
Dated October 22, 1901).
FRED V. WOOD
.Judge of the Superior Court.
Robert C. Bole Attorney for Adminis-
trator. oc22td
Report of the Condition of the
People's
Savings Bank
SACRAMENTO, CAL.
To the Superintendent of Banks
of California, November 16, 1909.
RESOURCES.
Loans - - 82,181.725.18
Bonds - ■- t 351,315.50
Bank premises - 66,782.(30
Other real estate - 72,825.01
Due from banks - 124,687.03
Cash on hand - 56,952.80
Checks - . - 2,710.54
82,856,998.66
LIABILITIES
Capital paid up - .8328,000.00
Surplus and profits - 66,173.56
Dividends unpaid « • 3,699.56
Demand certificates - 2,671.25
Savings deposits - 2,197,907.75
Cashier's checks - 612,28.28
State & county deposits 146,000.00
Other liabilities -_,-. 100,258.31
62,856,998.66
WM. BECKMAN, President
A. G. F OLGER, Cashier
X DONT YOU KNOW £
X That the prosperity of a com- < '
♦ munity is due in a great measure J ',
, \ to the amount of money in circu- « ,
% lation. Dont you know that < '
♦ money locked up in safe deposit * ',
J \ boxes, trunks and old coffee pots 
$ is idle money, it should work and < •
§ will work if you give it the op- J|
X portunity. Every cent we have < ,
% outside of what is required tinder * >
« the banking laws of this state to J ;
J ! be kept in our vaults is working < ,
X and some of it working over time. < <
♦ The Board of Directors are active J ;
|| and successful businessmen and <>
% meet once a month and invest < >
♦ every cent available for that pur- * ;
]| pose. Your prosperity is our 
% prosperity, and we earnestly •
♦ solicit at least a part of your <|
1 1 patronage. < >
| Bank of Aniador County ♦
2 Jackson. California ;>'
it*
BY MAIL f
j i
'Uio Stockton Stiviuus uiid 'T
Jjouu Sueiety with resources of :1
81.000,000.00 offers every iSaaillty 5*
for doiou ii blinking bimiuoss by (>;
mail. Übeeka taken [J'lyiiti'e .8,
iv any part ol the United, Status-. «*,
Our gystem ol biiukluK by mail g.
practically brings this K«eat #:
tmuk to your door. io. opeu g'
tin neooinit with ue, (ilhijh the a,
nmouut you wish to Bftart within C |
ii u envelope Hildressed: to,u»iiud' I i
by ruturu mail you will receive g;
n bnuk book wliowlng the %■
iiniouut of your deposit.. Tha gj.
United Htntes rutUU uio i-iifo ?
iiud uo one ever lost n dollar in M
this way. Wo Boliciit tbo BC-.
: counts ot farmers, hiißiupsti meu
and ottiers uud bssui'u thtra
courteous and liberal treatment.
IKinlly Mention this Paper .
Send for free Booklet.
STOCKTON SAVINGS
AND LOAN SOCIETY
Stockton, California
I'OK KKN I.- - I'll" HtniH iMTiuihuw
now ocoufileci by the Hed Front, ou
Mitlu Htifil, jHckeou, opposite ttiu
(ilobe tiotel. For particulars apply
to UBor«o Wellei 1 , JHokson.THE VERY PRESENT
YOU WANT IS HERE.
Atlluhsor's yon can get the very prcHont you
want and just at tho price you want to pny.
HOLIDAYS GOODS, TOILET ARTICLES,
PFRFUMES, TOILET SETS AND GIFT THINGS
Have taken com'plclo possession of our store and
will have full sway for tho Holiday Season.
Before you think of making a Christmas purchase
elsewhere this season, come in and sco our stock.
Everything is new and Up-to-date and of High
Quality and you know the reputation we havo of
pricing things right.
RUHSER'S CITY PHARMACY
.45 Main Street, Corner Court St.
JACKSON, CAL,
AMADOR LEDGER 1
;
JACKSON. Cxi DECEMBER 8. 190!)'
TEMPERA/TORE AND KAINFALL
This toblo gJros tho hlKhcst and lowest item
per»turo In JiteUson for each day, together with
tfre rainfall, as recorded by self-registering
instruments kept at tho Ledger offlcn.
T Temp Si! T«np|E
J^k«jJ p>w - 1«..|h.!5
» »ov 1.. ':»<)» 46 HO-....H 17 , '.iattj'WjXTi
i ,44 HJ, ... 1H I •B3| 70 ....
8 .. ..I 4* Kit .... is ID *Hl 65j....
4 .1 41! hi .... : 20 I 40 580.(17
6 ..'■. ♦) T* 10. 11 1 1 21 .-••! 48! Mil. Bo
. i .„.,; i 40! .73 .... I « : 45 71;. ..
. ?..„ 1 74i....i:. ...2J 60 78 ;i.t.
8 ..! 48 6.'. . . . . 34 i it SHO 3U
. « iit ttl)-1.3!t: 8»... iU\ 0.41
1 0 , ! 46 tii/ll OU j ail i 40 5H
-H : ** t,00.3i 1 5«..,...i »ai 80i....
. UJ......1 85! 611.... i; 2« ! 39 64.. .
M B  4ft! '6B! I. (Si i 21) | a 4;. r )8:...
<M ... 40 Ml.-iV. *> I 40: I'lO.-.M
1 5..,,....!22i'G1!....!i 81 i ..; ......
■■Id .:.- .si; HM! ■ . . I . I ..I ..1....
1« iil HH: ;..;..:
T Temp Si! T«np|E
J^k«jJ p>w - 1«..|h.!5
» »ov 1.. ':»<)» 46 HO-....H 17 , '.iattj'WjXTi
i ,44 HJ, ... 1H I •B3| 70 ....
8 .. ..I 4* Kit .... is ID *Hl 65j....
4 .1 41! hi .... : 20 I 40 580.(17
6 ..'■. ♦) T* 10. 11 1 1 21 .-••! 48! Mil. Bo
. i .„.,; i 40! .73 .... I « : 45 71;. ..
. ?..„ 1 74i....i:. ...2J 60 78 ;i.t.
8 ..! 48 6.'. . . . . 34 i it SHO 3U
. « iit ttl)-1.3!t: 8»... iU\ 0.41
1 0 , ! 46 tii/ll OU j ail i 40 5H
-H : ** t,00.3i 1 5«..,...i »ai 80i....
. UJ......1 85! 611.... i; 2« ! 39 64.. .
M B  4ft! '6B! I. (Si i 21) | a 4;. r )8:...
<M ... 40 Ml.-iV. *> I 40: I'lO.-.M
1 5..,,....!22i'G1!....!i 81 i ..; ......
■■Id .:.- .si; HM! ■ . . I . I ..I ..1....
1« iil HH: ;..;..:
Total rainfall for season to date .. 8 3:1 inches
To corresponding period last season 1,48
LOCAL NEWS
J. S; Wilson. Dentist. Hours oa.
m. to 5 p. m. Phone— Olllce, black
444: residence. Blapk 394; Jackson.
3 .Ursula iParlor N. ;D. G. W. will' give
a grand masquerade ball on New Year's
''.eve,, December 31st, in. Love's hall.
Full particulars will be given hereafter.
Last Tuesday, November 30, was the
birthday anniversary of D. B. Spagnoli.
As has been the custom for many years,
the event was celebrated by a gathering
of all the members of the family at a
dinner prepared for the occasion. Ernest
Spagnoli came irom San Francisco to be
present. He returned to the city Wed
nesday morning.
J. Hattersley, who with his wife went
to Lodi last week on a visit, returned
Monday. He left Mrs Hattersley in the
valley town for a more extended visit
with friends there.
W. F. Detert, superintendent of the
ZeilD, returned early this week from a
short visit toithe city.
Chris Marelia, who came up from the
city to visit his family, and who was
detained by quarantine on account of
scarletina iv the family, was released
last week, and left again for the city in
the early part of .the week, where he is
engaged in business.
Geo. F. Dornan left Sunday morning
or Si.i F.uniisjJ to purchase holiday
goods.
Airs Eudsy and her two daughters
Bertha and Inez, also Alex Eudey and
wife, cams up from Oakland the latter
part of last week, called hither by the
sad death of Mrs John Eudey. Mr and
Mrs Alex Eudy and the two Miss
Eudeys returned to Oakland Monday.
Mrs Eudey will remain here for a short
time.
Miller's Best Flour—once kneaded al
ways needed. »° 5
Professor Gerome will open adancirig
schooJ in Jackson llxis evening. He
has engaged the banquet room of the
Odd Fellows Hall for that purpose. He j
will jjivc instructions two evenings each
week, and ail tlic latest dances.* He is
from Los Angeles, aod is thoroughly
posted in his profession. He comes
highly recommended. He should be
well patronized by thoss who desire to
improve, themselves in this fascinating
amusement
' C. T. Kemmerer, a special agent of
the land department vva's here Monday
and Tuesday last to conduct thy con
tested homestead case of Pitts vs.
George Preston, as to the mineral or
agricultural character of n portion of ihe
land embraced In the latter' s homestead.
The testimony was completed Tuesday,
ani the government official Iclt Wednes
day morning.
High, grade candies on hand at all
times at the Acme Candy Parlor.
J Mrs Giles, widow of tho late Dr. J.
H. Giles of Suttor Creek, has moved
into the Sander's residence near the
county hospital.
C. Boglslch. foot of Broadway
Fresh Fish every Thursday, nol.
Go to Acme Candy Parlor for hot en
chllidas every Saturday night and hot
coffee, ham sandwiches, tamales, and
chocolate every evening..
James Meek has been working the
creek bed behind the National hotel
with pan and rocker for several days.
He says he was able to make 81.50 per
day with pan, .and with rocker or sluice
boxes should be able to earn several
times that amount. The creek bed has
not been worked lot goli for a number
of years.
Robert Mounter, who has been work
ing at a mine in the .sitate of Nevada for
about a year, returned home over a week
ago. The wining boom in the Sage
brush state luts largely petered out
A gentleman named Wells, from Den
ver, and representing Colorado capita
lists has been in this county for 'over a
week, partly <in Sutter Creek and & por
tion of the itime in Jackson, looking up
the records in Tegard to the oOd Eureka
mine in Sutler Cresk, which is >owned
by AUts Hattie Green of New York, He
has ibeen pursuing his business very
quittiy. We do not know the 'exact pur
pose'Of his visit, but the iimpression
prevails that something is lifkely to fol
low -in regard to the resumption of work
on this iprpperty, which hus been idle
for 'over ithirty years.
\c& cream, . peanuts and popcorn
always at the Acme Cantiy iParlor.
Ontfhe 27 inst. the tax collector paid
irtoahe treasury, on account of property
taxes collected prior to lihat date, the>
sum of 834,41013. This of course was
not:the final settlement prior to the first
installment becoming delinquent. A
large sum was taken in or. >t!ie .last day,
Monday, the 2 ( Jth.
Mrs T. Ryan, wife of the county re
corder, is suffering from a niild attack
of scarlet fever. Two of the children
hud just recovered from the same dis
ease, and the quarantine had been re
jeased, when it was discovered that the
mother was afflicted, and quarantine was
re-established.
Prof. Gerome's dancing academy \<o
jins Friday night, December 3 and fol
lowing every Friday and Mondays.
Class in afternoons, by appointment, ty
leaving word at National hotel, room 7,
in anex. Learn to dance and be grace
ful at I. O. O. F. Hall.
State superintendent of schools, Ed
ward Hyatt, spent several days in this
county the past week, at ihe special in
vitation of county superintendent W.
H. Greenhalgh. He visited a number
of the schools in the county, such as
were located within easy distance of
railroad facilities. This is the first in
sts-iice of a state superintendent officially
visiting the schools of this county. The
state superintendent is not required to
visit schools. That Mr Hyatt has in
terested himself in his work to such an
extent is certainly commendable. He
was in Sutter Creek Tuesday, and in
tended .to visit some schools in lone
valley, as well as the Preston school of
Industry.
Grand social dance by Prof. Gerome
I. O. O. F. Hall every Saturday com
mencing December 11th. Good floor,
good music. Admission 75c. Ladies
free. All welcomed.
Mrs CaJdwell and her brother W. J.
Peters moved Tuesday into dwelling
house on Stump street recently vacated
by G. Wrigijjlesworth.
Gaetana Giannini, who lives on the
Belluouiini ranch a mile south of Jack
son, fell off the stone porch of the
house, cutting a gash in his head
which required the services of Dr.
Kndicott. The wound was nothing
serious, and the patient is doing nicely.
A man named Tavlor was received in
t'> the county hospital last Friday,
suffering from a broken rib. He w&s
staying at Jack Dufrene's on the lone
road. He accidentally fell from a loft
in the barn, but thought his injuries
trivial, and therefore did not seek
medical aid. Ho got worse, however,
and was forced to come to tho hospital
for treatment. He is under bonds to
appear for trial in F.I Dorado county
for some scrapo in the vicinity- of
Ham's station last summer.
fjOGUMENTS RECORDED.
I'fhfl following instrument* have beon filed
lor rocoril In tr><» recorder's office since our Innt
report. Wo publish » romplnto list of docu
ments rncord«d, nnd must decline to ncoe<ln to
nny request to suppress any document from
these columns. Uoo'task us todo io
Bill of Sale— Thoma; Soracco to A C
Ham, nil the water flowing In School
house gulch near Aqueduct with all
ditches and * rcser.ivoirs connected
therewith, £100. Date of sale, December
3, 1870.
Location— Wm Goodman el al locates
the Ashland creek placer claim.
Deeds— Julius Chichizola to Natala
Antonnn, lot in north Amador, £85.
George Yager etal to A Friderich, 320
acres in 0 and 10-5-10, 810.
T M Pawling, as county judge, to
Joseph Savage, lot in blo:k 23, Sutler
Creek. 821 G7.
Martha Savage to Dora I Shcalor, lot
7 block 23, Suiter Creek, *20a.
Mrs Susan Hampton to Giacoma Esola,
part of lot 7, block 3, Amador City,
8100.
Wm F Woodworth to Chlchlzola Es
tate Co, 80 acres in 2G-8-13, 810.
Wm H Lessley to Chichizola Estate
Co, 406 25 acres in 2,3, and 4-7-13, 810.
William J Lessley to Chichizola Es
tate Co, 160 acres in 2 and 3-7-13, $10.
Bird Hanson to George W Felker, lot
6 block 14, Plymouth, 85.
Morris Brian to Anuizo Malatesta,
lot 12 block 12, and part of lot G, block
18, Sutter Creek, $10.
Wm H Mooney to Bridget Mooncy,
160 acres in 15-7-11, love and affection.
Mrs Bridget Mooney to Pete Ger
molis et al, 40 acres in 15-7-11, 810.
Lease— B F Horton leases to the
Trustees of Campo Opra school district
about one acre of land in Camp Opra
for the purpose of building a school
house thereon. No consideration.
It Is a Wonder.
Chamberlain's Liniment is one of the
most remarkable preparations yet pro
duced for the relief of rheumatic pains,
and for lame back, sprains and bruises.
The quick relief from pain which affords
in case of rheumatism is alone worth
many times its cost Price, 25. cents;
large size 50 cents. For sale by Jack
son Drug Store, Spagnoli, Prop.
A Land Contest-
The contest between George Preston
and B. W. Pitts touching ihe agricul
tural or mineral character of a certain
tract of land near Pine Grove was heard
before county clerk J. R. Huberty oa
Monday and Tuesday last. Preston is
the .agricultural claimant, homesteading
many years ago GO acres, including the
tract in controversy. He had lived there
with his family, erected buildings and
cultivated a portion of the land. A
mineral Jocstiom was thereafter mads an a
portion of the homestead, which em
braced considerable of his improve
ments. It has .been worked to some ex
tent "or quartz, but not steadily, and
while gald quartz .has been taken out, it
is claimed b\ Ihe homesteader that the
land is mwre valuable for agricultural
than for mi.ning purposes. Under Ihe
impression that he would be strengthen
ing his title, the homesteader some
years back ..located that particular piece
in question as a quartz claim, but never
attempted tc» work it as such. This
complicated ihe matter, although the
pettier contended that his step was taken
for no other purpose that to protect him
self as a homesteader. Government
agents have visited the ground, and after
a full inquiry the authorities at Wash
ington decid'-.d that the original home
stead of Preston should be restored.
On this decision, Preston at once gave
notice of making final proof, and the
proofs were taken before the U. S. com
missioner last month. Pitts, the quartz
claimant, Hied a protest, and requested
a hearing to prove the mineral character
of the land, and Monday last was set as
the time for taking the proofs in this
contest. The county clerk will merely
certify to the testimony, and the testi
mony will then be forwarded to the land
■office for its decision. Both sides
were represeuted by an attorney at the
hearing. The contest involves about 20
acres, of Preston's homestead, the most
valuat-le portion* of it.
Xmas Perfumes.always appropriate as a
gift and alwajs acceptable even where
other gifts may not be. this is es
pecially true of our slock. At Ruhser's.
As a wrong impression has got abroad,
we will say tint Dr. Spragiie was not
called to attend the case of Mrs John
Eudey until after the fatal symptoms
of blood poisoning had developed, and
he di:! everything possible to ward off
the inevitable end.
Dan Murphy, who is in business in
trunks, valises, etc., on Ellis street,
Sjii France i so, came up last week, on a
short visit to his folks at Buttc City.
Xmas Brushes. Every kind you
want, but especially Hair and Cloth
Brushes. At Ruhser's.
The members of the local lo:!ge of O.
E. S. No. 3(5 on Tuesday evening
gathered ot the number of 35 at the
rjßldehce of Mr and Airs Jas Jay Wright,
aid presented the bride with a hand
some sci of silver spoons and forks, as
a token of their regards. A pleasant
social evening was spent by those pre
sent, und the locul band |'»*wi; the bridul
pair a serenade.
W. C. Hoss has moved his family
from his mountain ranch to the Andrews
fia-.e, this side of Pine Grove for the
winter.
MUST FILE ACCOUNTS
A Sweeping Order
In Probate Cases.
Judge Wood will not tolerate lax
methods on the part of administrators
and guardians of estates in his court.
He recently made an order requiring the
tiling of accounts in all cases where re
ports have not been made in accordance
with law. The order has created a
flutter among the legal fraternity. The
order reads as follows:
In the nutter of the rendition of ac
counts and reports and return of inven
tories in certain estates.
Whereas oral comolaints have been
made to the judge of this court by heirs
and creditors and parties interested in
certain estates now being administered
in this court, of unusual and nnncces
sary delay in the administration to the
detriment of such heirs and creditors
and portics interested in such estates;
And whereas it appears by an ex
amination of the records that the execu
tors or administrators having charge of
the estates hereinafter named have failed
and neglected to comply with the statutes
requiring every executor or adminis
trator within thirty days after the expira
tion of the time for presentation of
claims against the estate to render to the
court an account and report of the admi
nistration of the estate and an exhibit
of all'dsbts which have been presented
and allowed ;
. It is hereby ordered that the executor
of the last will, or the administrator of
the estate, as the case may be, of the
decedents hereinafter named do within
thirty days from date, render to this
court a full account and report of ad
ministration of such estate and an ex
hibit of all debts which have been pre
sented and allowed, to wit:
Names of Decedents
John Deletes • Andrew Mackenzie
D B Maggiora Phililp Gibbert
Gustovus Froelich John jelletich
Mary Dukes Cathr'neMcCormick
Yin. Gioviannoni E D Hartshorn
Richard D Jones Albert Particelli
Martin Miljas Samuel Williams
John A Fregulia Damenico Fregulia
James H Bonham William Trelease
Mudelena Ratto Giovonni B Ratto
James Nichols. Enrico Ginocchio
James Frederickson Christina Gibbert
Francisco Luporini Antonio Matulich
William Anderson Martin Deragnia
Elena Giovannoni Willis H Boydston
lames W Shealor John Ames
Michael Joy . Fayette W Knapp
Angela Zucconi Peter Mace
William Fdker Ann Bennetts
Domenick P Cross Ellen M Malsen
Amy M Boyson John B Garibaldi
Louis Perlenda John Andrews
John Voss John Dynan Jr.
Annie E Trelease Maggie Hearty
John T Kelly Thos H Stone
Thos C McKenzie A Vidall
Juliu A Wildman John Vollmer
Thomas Rouse
And it furher appearing from an ex
amination of tiie records of this court,
that the executor of the last wills or
administrators of the estates of the
deceased persons hereinafter named, have
failed to comply with the terms of Sec
tion 1443 of the Code of Civil Proce
dure, which requries and provides that
every executor or administrator must
make and return to the court within
three months after his . appointment a
true inventory and appraisement of all
the estate of decedent that has come to
his possession or knowledge;
It Is futher ordered that within twenty
days from this date the executors or
administrators having charge of ths es
tates hereinafter named, nuke and re
turn to tiiis court a true inventory and
appraisement of all of the estate of such
decedent that has come to his possession
or knowledge.
Estate of —
John Deletes Enrico Ginoc:cliio
Phillip Ginhert Gustavus Frolich
William G Anderson E D Hartshorn
Richard D Jones John Ames
Michael Joy John A Fregulia
James H Bonham Domenick P Cross
Amy M Boyson John B Garibaldi
Louis Perlenda Jolin Andrews
John Voss John Dynan Jr.
Ann E Trelease .Maggie Hearty
John T Kelly Tho; AlcKc:izL>
A Vidall Andrew Mac Ken/:ic
James Frederickson Christina Gibbert
Cithr'neAicCormickMarv Dukes
Willis H Uoydston Alberto Particelli
Martin Miljas Saiuiel Williams
Peter Macs Ann Bennetts
Madalsna Ritto Julia Ginojchin
Christian Kisnu Spiro Lepetich
Alexender Orr D A Patterson '
It further appearing from the records
of this Court that thj gurdian of the
minors r.nd incompetent persons her:in
after nameJ have failed to comply with
the condition? of t'isir.orli'jial Dinds as
such guardian; in that they have not re
turned to ths court an account on oath of
the property, estate and money; of the
words in their hands within three
months after their appointment;
It is ordered that within twenty days
from this date the gajrdian of the estate
of each and every minor cir Incompetent
person hereinafter im:ued make and re
turn to this court a verified inventory
and appraisement of the estate of his
ward, namely;
Name of minor or Incompetent—
Eva Dsietis Eugene n Hfttersley
Claude Wright Frank li Prates
One Dose for Coughs
Children cough at night? Give them Aycr's Cherry Pec-
toral. Often a single dose at bedtime will completely
control the cough. Good for any one with a cold or cough.
Good for easy cases, hard cases; good for acute cases,
chronic cases. Ask your doctor to tell you, honestly and
frankly, just what he thinks of this old standard remedy.
No alcohol in this cough medicine. JX.JijerCo^Lowe'l^fass.
Alazylivcr makes a lazy boy. An active brain demands an active liver. No better
laxative for boys and girls than Aycr's Pills. Ask your doctor about them. He knows.
Naomi Thorns May Elva Hall
Daniel Magsa Louis V Oneto
Luigi Giovannoni Pearl li French
Martin French Artie Birncy et al
Irma P Joyce, et al Antonio Richenelli
Mary N Kelly AlesanJcr Lepetich
Ruel H Rinehart.
It is futher ordered that the clerk of
this court forthwith give notice of the
foregoing order to the executor or ad
ministrator having charge of the estate
of each and every deceased person
mentioned herein and also to the attor
ney for such executor or administrator
and to the guardian of the estate of each
and every minor or incompetent parson
named in said order and to the attorney
for each of said guardians.
KRED V. WOOD, Judge.
Done in open court, November .26,
1909.
Cancellation of mortgage— Talenti to
Garbarini.
Mortgage— V S Garibarini et ux to
Vincenzo Talenti, two lots on south,
Jackson, 8750, payable one day after
November 9, 1009, with interest at the
rate of 8 per cent per annum.
ORO FINO
MASQUERADE
A Big Success Financially
Oro Fino Circle wishes to thank all
those who donated prizes for the mas
querade ball last week, and all those
who took an active part in contributing
to the success of the affair. The total
amount received from all sources was
8307.35; expenses, $151.00; net profit,
$155.75. The floor managers were R.
Beauchemin, Rose Yolo, Alameda
Schrader, W. Connors; floor director.
W. Yolo. The judges were Mrs F. V.
Wood, Mrs A. W. Stone, Mrs Fox, Mrs
Geo. Green, Jos. Datson, Mr Grad
dock and Mr Me Laughlin.
The committee of arrangements was
composed of the following: Liona Harris
Helen Simsich, Kate Yolo. and Nellie
Ginocchio.
The following persons and firms con
tributed toward the prizes.
Mr Milovich, Steve Copovich, Air
Bogisich. Frank Simcich, Woodworth,
Pete Piccardo, Mr White, . Green &
Ratto, Union Hotel, John Chirm, P L
Cassinelli, O Harper, Spagnoli Drug
Store, W Pepovich, John Ratto, Mr
Bierce, Mr Rugne, Podesto & Taylor,
Geo Lucot, Lepara c< Kolak, Mr Lctang,
Ed Kay, Olympus Restuarant Louvre
Restuarant, Matt Muldoon, California
Hotel, Mr S Myers, Arditto Bros., Mrs
Cur.co, Red Front, Dal Porto & Co.
Bakery, Dr. Wilson, Mason Bros, An
drew Perovich, L Radovich, Wm Tarn,
Mr Langhorst, Miss M Prosscr, Gari
baldi Saloon, *Maccaroni Factory,
Podcsta & Gainb:i, Olver & Nettle, Mrs
A Hur^t, The City Pharmacy, John
Strbhni Clius Reynolds, The Louvre,
Geo Thomas, Mr Heiser, Dr Gall, Vi';ii
Schroeder, Sicmond Deutsch, Broadway
Hotel, Marre Bros, -Mrs Delahide, W
O & Chub Green, Geo Djrinui, Vela
and Piccardo, Me Gary, Gln'necchio Bro
Joe Dalo, Roc'co & Huberty, Mr Luy
banca, The Acme. Gey Wellcr, Leach <S;
Head, Mr. Sam Pliear,
mff ■ Absotisfefy PurQ ip|l&§p
/ OpM 11 Maltes tSie finest, most dell- 1 1 1^11}
/^fjj,:Awi clous biscuit, caike and iff ikMf
wfPm pastry i convey sf © socd MM- y£
A HrY^ * he mos * hcaifthf ul ol Jys^hfth
yOjF fruit propci.'£Scs Jy
QFFO Roclcancd Wheat
&ULaU Rc(l OatSf Barley and Rye
rCn A 8 FV! DICKINSOIN.NELSON CO
UKr&m wme ror dotation STOCKTON. Cal,
SUPERIOR COURT.
IION, V. V. WOOll JUDGE
Estate and guardianship of Louii
Oneto, a minor — Order of final dis
charge of guardian made and filed.
Estate of Emma Leach, deceased—Or
der of publication of notice to credilors
made.
Estate of Bcrnhard Isaacs, deceased
— Stipulation of counsel filed that coun
sel for M Isaacs have seven days after
administrator's motion to amend court's,
order is decided, to serve and tile his
amended petition ; that counsel for ad
ministrator may have seven days to de
mur thereto; that the time for .the in
troduction of further evidence be fixed
at the calling of the next calender.
Matter of the application of Chali
Bogisich for citizenship— Petitioner
examined and the court made an order
denying the petition on the ground that
petitioner lacks sufficient understanding
of the government of the United States,
and it does not satisfactory appear that
it is the intention of petitioner to per
manently reside within the United
States.
Matter of the estate of Thomas Rowse,
deceased— Final account and report filed;
petition filed for settlement and distri
bution of final account.
New Cases
Chichizola Estate Company, a corpor
ation vs A J Peyton et al. Complaint
filed and summons issued. Suit to for
close mortgage. The defendants are in
debted to them in the sum of 8640; that
the mortgaged premises be sold by a
commissoner to be hereafter appointed,
that commissioner be orderd to execute
a deed to the purchaser, and that a writ
of assistance issue for the possession of
said premises.
Estate of James H Holman, deceased
— W L Fortner, jr, petitions for letters
of administration. The estate consists
of real property, consisting of two lots
in Plymouth and do not exceed 8500 in
value. The next of kin are Laura B
Holt, residing at Lacenter, Kentucky,,
and J T Holman, residing at Oxford,
Kansas. The deceased is believed to
have died intestate.
Estate of Angelo Zucconi— Order to
show cause filed.
Estate and guardianship of Wm J.
Stone—Order made appointing W. H,
Berryman, T. A. Chichizola and L. A,
White, as appraisers.
Rich Men's Gifts Arc Poor.
heside this: "I want to go on record as
saying that 1 regard Electric Bitters as
one of the greatest gifts that God Inis
made to woman, writes Mrs O. Rhine
vault, of Vestal (Tenter, N.Y., "I can
never forget what it has done Tor me."
This glorious medicine gives a woman
buoyant spirit';, vigor of body and
iubi'lant health. It quickly cures ner
vousness, sleeplessness, ' melancholy,
headache, backache, fainting anjl di;:z\
spells; soon builds up the weak, ailing;
and sickly. Try them. s(ie. at Spag
noil's Drug Store.
Children Cry
FOR FLETCHER'S
CAST O R I A
*
*SUBSCRIPTION RATES!
Oo« year (In Advance 19 00
One year (if not In advance) 9 so
Six months 1 00
Thron months 0 60
One or more copies, etch „ (X
Legal ftdrertlsl Dg— per square of «M ems-Kirst insertion „ 11 .00
Subsequent Insertions— pef square-each M
..... ;■. ,■;•■ ' . '_ ' ,■ .'
KNTIRED AT THE PORTOrriCF AT JACKSON AS BKCOIttAcbASS MATTKR.
TUT C DA PT3R " I<ept on file at R. C. DAKE'B Advertising Agency". 770 Market street
* niJ 1/lICA Sau Francisco, California, where contraots for advertising can be made
or It
■AMADDR LEDGER
Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEBB Editor and Proprietor
FRIDAY DECEMBER 3, 1909
Editorial Column.
_ Already there is considerable talk about candidates for
state officers for the election next year. The governorship,
naturally, is mostly in evidence. Charles F. Curry, who
holds the office of secretary of state, has announced his
candidacy for governor. Whether governor Glllett will be a
candidate for the nomination for a second term is not decided.
He has not yet expressed himself decisively either way.
Many of his friends are urging him to get into the fight.
That Gillett has made a good record as governor cannot be
denied. It does not necessarily follow that he would be a
strong candidate for re-election. There are issues involved
in the coming election that are likely to interfere with party
ties very materially, State issues may be the deciding factor
in the next campaign, rather than the voter's fealty to party
on national questions. State questions are likely to over
shadow strict partyism. It will be well for republicans to
bear this in mind when voting for the nomination of a
standard-bearer at the primary election to be held next
August. We believe the proposition to bond the state for the
sum of $18,000,000 wiil prove a disturbing factor which
should be taken into consideration in the choice of a candi
date at the primaries.
We do not agree that 'Gillett is weaker politically to-day
thsn when he ran three years ago. Thousands of republi
cans who did not vote for' him last election on account of
the methods resorted to- by those in control of the party
machiner to secure his nomination, would vote for him in
the next election if indorsed by the party vote at the primary
election. Gillett is a strong candidate personally. The
high-handed methods of his friends alienated votes, not be
cause of anything against the candidate personally.
The acquittal of Alma Bell on the charge of murdering
her lover at Auburn was fully expected. Her conviction
would have been a far greater shock to the public than her
acquittal, notwithstanding that there was no deuial of the
fact that the deceased met his death at the hands of the ac
cused. For the wrongs done Alma Bell by the deceased the
law provided no remedy. She took the law into her own
hands, and killed her betrayer, no doubt while in a fit of
temporary insanity. That was the only plea upon which
the jury could justify their verdict of not guilty, and they
grasped it.
The claim of Dr. Cook that he was the fust to reach the
north pole, which was gravely doubted from the start, is be
coming more widely questioned under the searching criticism
of expert arctic explorers. They contend that it was im
possible to have traveled the distance in those frozen regions
in the time stated. Not only this but it was utterly im
possible to have fed his dogs and men with the amount of
provisions he loaded on his sledges at the outset. The
doctor has forwarded his records to the geographical society
of Copenhagen, but whatever the decision of that body may
be, the doubts of the doubters of Cook's story are not likely
to be removed. Under the searchlight of those versed in
arctic conditions, his narrative is branded as inconsistent
and unsatisfactory.
It has got to be the exception, instead uf the rule, to call for
bids for letting contracts for public work involving an outlay
of three hundred dollars or over, as the law requires. The
law is a vise one, and if complied with strictly would effect a
material saving to the taxpayers of Amador county. But it
is in a great measure ignored. When was a contract let to
the lowest bidder for any road work, although the work done
on nearly every road in the county every year falls within
the law requiring a coutract after due advertising for bids.
When a legal requirement is unheeded by one branch of the
county government, the example is apt to be followed by
other public bodies. It is very easy to fmd an excuse for
disobedience, but we do not tbiuk that any excuse invented
will go very far in justification.
STATE POLITICS.
IfUn^^nyHd fi UK 111
P^tkl iriyCiiiiL wfl By H TO? HUB El II
P^hl zETJii==M=iiiLj or * nfnntß nn d Children.
18 CASWBIir c ou " aye
GK^^i'l '" """■"■"■■■"■"■■■ in'iifri JilllUW*' WUwhlU
rai a av o1 ,'u^ pkk oKNr - #
IsS 0 ™ AVcgelaMcPropararionfbrAs- -r* .1 . M
i&?if ' r Signature g /\ v
lSSi>wli frorootcsDigeslionjCheerful f\f X(\ Air
■911' j I ness and Rcst.ContalnsnciUur VJ " /l\ IK
isiS'il °P ium - Mor Phine norMioeraL •kMVI
||lffl j. j^ofouiksmamm \ I If t
Hi fBSSSm ) /ft J % U§g
liis Aperfect Remedy for Omsflpa- I 1«K
KM- tion,SourStoinach.Dlarrtm 1 W -. «._„
Is&aB Wornu£OTtvulsiras.Fevensfr \ H rt\V lUPT
Hff|l I ness wulLoss of Sleep. ■Ul Ul Ul
WlJSkj Thirty Years
t|Bibgiiii»J"fa^!g3 1 ■ M m%L I §J|||lS
Exact Copy of Wrapper. , O ,« T » UK M iN«r, m«r veim orrr.
WINTER TRAVEL.
a comfort and delight via the
SUNSET ROUTE
Between San Francisco and New Orleans by way of
Los Angeles and El Paso.
Oil burning locomotives-No soot-no cinders
Over the road of a thousand wonders.
One hundred mile ride along the ocean shores of
the pacific. Through Southern California Orange
Groves-Rice, cotton and sugar fields of Texas and
Louisiana, Picturesque bayous-the Teche-Land of
p]vangeline.
Through drawing-room slccpers-bcrths-scctions-draw-
mg-rooms-Dining, parlor, and observation car service
Steam heated and electric lighted throughout.
Through tourist car service, to New Orleans, Wash-
ington, Cincinnati, St. Louis and Chicago.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Ticket Offices
! Flood Building Market Street Ferry Depot.
Third and Townsend Sts. Depot.
Broadway and Thirteenth Sts., Oakland.
I6IINOCCHIO BRO'S.|
j^~n~~w^- -^ DEALERS IN "*- %r{
1 gL General Merchandise |
\^j Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, m
% {L% Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining |«
H }\ Supplies, Lumber, Hardware Hay, Ba
m Gra, in, etc., etc. I^if
_..._.__:_
m Corner Main and Water St. U
I JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA t
Kills Girl; Goes Free.
Paris, November 20.— A strange tale
of a romance which had a tragic ending
was related at the Siene Assize Court,
when a young man named Stora, the
son of a merchant ;who left him about
$'25,000, was tried for killing his mis
tress, a music hall star known as
Muguct, which signifies "Lily of the
Valley, " who was in- her 40th year.
Stora made her acquaintance at Algiers,
and soon fell desperately in love. He
accompanied Mile. iMuget from place
to place when she was on her profes
sional tours, going with her as far us
Russia, but, as was explained at the
trial, she seldom had a good word for
him.
Much of this infatuation was attri
buted to his having acquired another
habit in her society. In reply to a ques
tion from the presiding judge, he said :
"I wanted to do like her, and so took
ether. It seemed a very simple process.
At first I was dazzled. I saw visions,
and when I gazed upon Muget at my
side she appcrcd to me more beautiful
and younger. And she kept exclaiming,
"Take more, take more! and 1 thought
of nothing but her."
Tries to Break Spell.
One day he tried to break the spell,
and removed to another house, but she
followed him there: "And when I saw
her, ' he signed, "I could not desist.'
Yet, even from the account of witness,
Muguct led him a dog's life. " She had
no fault to find with him,' one of her
female friends N explained, —"but she
thought him a dreadful bore" She used
ta say to him :
I no longer love you. 1 have never
loved you. I regret the gentleman
friends that I had before I met you. I
want to see them again. lam still .fond
of them ail."
On the fatal day, February 17, Stora
escorted his mistress to a boulevard
cafe frequented by artists in quest of an
engagement. "Stay here at the door and
wait for me," she said, as she went
in, leaving the unlucky man with her
dog outjin the bitter cold. Hours craw
led by and there he stood like an unre
lieved sentry. "You might have gone
in," the judge remarked. "She had
forbidden me to do so," Stora answered
evidently regarding this as a sufficient
reason. t
Meanwhile, Muguet was chatting gayly
with friends in the warm cafe, aud
making fun of her lover as he shivered
in the cold outside; but no one joined
in her merriment, for they all pitied
him. At last she condescended to join
Stora, who took her off to dinner at a
restaurant. As they passed by a flower
stall he bought her a bouquet of violets,
and she threw it in his face. Matters
were not more confortable when they got
to the restuarant. "There were a lot of
people, and they were looking at us. I
was quite ashamed" Stora related.
Even when they had returned to their
abode. Muguet kept on taunting him.
Young Alan Is Acquitted.
"She said: "I am sick of you; you
disgust me. " She insulted me and
called me names, when I had spent
810,000 on her. She said: "I am going
to throw you things out of the window.
I love another man." And this to me.
who had left my home, my family,
everything that I was fond of, 1 was be
ing turned away like a dog There was
a revolver on the table and I fired. I
no longer knew what I did."
Some of Muguct's former male friends
were then called as witnesses. They
had not a word to say against Stora.
On the contrary, they spoke kindly of
him, but they gave a poor account of
their experience of Muguet.
"When a man has a mistress who
makes him unhappy, the best thing for
him to do is to leave her," dryly re
mrked the advocate general in his ad
dress, adding that he would not object
to Stora's being allowed the benefit of
tiie first offender's act. But there was
no need for this, as the court, after a
brief consulation, returned a verdict of
acquittal, amid the applause of the pub
lic in the court.
Good Cough Medicine for Children.
The season for coughs and colds is
now at hand and too much care cannot
be used to protect children. A child is
much more ilkely to contract diptheria
or scarlet fever when he has a cold.
The quicker you cure his cold the less
the risk. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy
is the sole reliance of many mothers,
and few of those who have tried it are
wiling to use any other. Mrs F. F.
Starcher, of Ripley, W. Va., says: "I
have never used anything other than
Chamberlain's Cough Remedy for my
children and it has always given good
satisfaction." This remedy contains no
opium or other narcotic and may be
given as confidently to a child as to an
adult. For sale by Jackson Drug Store,
Spagnoli Prop.
ANY LADY can easily make from
$18.00 to $25.00 per week working for
me quietly in her own home locality.
This is a hona tide offer one which will
pay you to investigate, even if you can
only spare two hours per day. No in
vestment required. Turn your spare
time mt<i money. Write me at once for
particulars. Address lIAKKII-T Al.
RICHARDS, Box 30. Woman's Build
in) 1 ,. Juilct, Illinois.
Your Chance Now.
We wmit to keep busy during tl
dull season.
Today we otfer our nitmt iKirguiUH
to uumxii plied thin.
Four hundred nuiv styles to select
from.
Kvory Kitnuetit receives personal
attention here.
T'lt auil vvorkmaußbip cuurauteed,
UKO. KAVMONU.
l'he Loudon Tailor.
OFFICIAL MAP
Amador County
veys by D. C. CAIU TON, showing
township und school dlatrict bound-
nrius, ownorahipof all lands according
to HSHesHiDcnt roll of JMO4, minorni
claims, canals, location o' all si'hool-
houses; also a townslto man of princi-
pal towns, namely Jackson, Sutter
Creek, lone. Amn:lor City, Drytown,
Plymoulh and Volcano.
Size (I by 3f foot
Price, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted •- $&.
Sold only at
AMADOR LEDGER OFfc'ICE
Sunset Vftlo 1771 Capitul 033
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods.
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty.
1012-lOth st Sacramonto
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO CAL..
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable. jnel
Globe Hotel f
I■ w I
J J . NEW MANAGEMENT. < '
♦ ! !'
| MRS. ANNIE HUUST....Prop'r t
II ' ■ ::■
|; Board and Lodging j|
i > « i
J I AT REASONABLE RATES. J
| I
{! Sample Rooms for Commer- t
% clal Travelers. V,
it , L
i > Ail Stages stop at this hotel. < >
! JACKSON CAL. if
{ ! mj '° ! [
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wbolesnle Dealers und Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic
Wines*Liquors*Cigars
JACKSON CAL.
■pvISTRIHUTINO AOENTS FOR J. F. MAR-
\J tell Cognac, Moet & Chaudon. White Soul
nuil l'riviiti* (.'uvce Chmnpagne; Morgun Kroa.
Puerto de Sunta Maria Sherries: Royal Wlae-
Compuuy, Uporlo, Port Wines; Dubos Freres.
llordeaux. Cinrets and Hauternes ; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sous, Lim-
ited, Walkerville, Ontario. Canada: John de-
Ku.vprr & Zoon, Cotterdam, Sin; GilUa Kuem-
tnel. (mm J. A, Gilka, L'eriln; liartbloomay
lirewery Company. Rochester, N. V,, Knicker-
bocker Beer; Uogsbead Urand of (iuiuuvss.
Stout and Husk' Ale (bottled by Read Hroa.
London); Cantrell & Cocbrane, lielfast, Gluper
Ale; Nagk'e llntutly; Relmoorted Americaa
Whiskies.
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAN
Plymouth, Cal.
I] us on hand a full lino of Harness
and Ilardoss Fixtures, Saddles,
liriuics aud Robes. Busies
. an .. Carriage lops iniultt
to order.
Also has on hand a lino of
that well known and thor-
ughly tried BAKP2R &|
HAMILTON buggies.From Our Exchanges.
We were recently shown a specimen
of the ore from an exceedingly rich find
above West Point near the head of the
Mokelumne ditch. A man by the name
of Smith is doing some prospecting
there and has opened up property that
bids fair to equal some of Nevada's
rich ledges. The vein as now opened is
from eight to ten inches in width and
shows values of 81000 to the ton.—Pros
pect.
Chas. S. Webber, a popular traveling
man, who frequently visits San Andreas
was married Thursday evening of last
week in, Sutter Creek, to Miss Nellie
C. Gillich of Volcano. The newly
wedded couple will make their home in
Stockton. The many friends of Mr
Webber in San Andreas will extend
hearty congratulations, though we pre
sume some of our young ladies will
shrug their shoulders and wonder what
the special attraction of this young lady
could be, that she should secure 'this
prize, to which they have frequently
looked with covetous eyes. — Prospect.
Mrs J. H. Ham, who' owns a large
cattle ranch in Amador county and con
templates making a sale of the property,
left Thursday for the northern county.
She expects to return in about a week.
— Independent.
The redberry business seems to be
waning in Tuolumne county. A man
who has shipped enormous quantities
during the holiday season for the past
five years informs us that the pretty
berry is becoming somewhat scarce here
— at least inplaces easily accessible.
This is due entirely to the fact that the
bushes growing the berries so lavishly
have been virtually pruned to the earth
in culling the branches for shipment.
The first few - seasons the trimming
seemed to increase the productivity, but
the sturdy bushes could not forever re
cover from the assaults and the berry
crop has steadily grown less. Amador
has been invaded this year and for the
first time in its history the redberries
of that county will contribute toward the
decorations that impart n cheerful ap
pearance to San Francisco homes. —
Union Democrat.
■. r\ "CI — JBLSA'W •'>-<>• '' '■s-'-*- — a~^ — r *Z =: — t~t~~. s\ \yevm' k:. -^s- * __-____________________! !
•"^sfSPSS&n-v \A/ HtlN going to bacramento take this GUIDE with you. „ . . . „ _. _ ,
O y__3J_UlTO6B_BmlK\ tvi - i,j • pij-o /^ CJB s: "" ment ' ' n^ Buy Uirect at r roducers Prices
N; <*^ Send for catalogue "B" visit Sacramento, any or all of them will be glad to answer George C. Seilon Ramome Concrete Co.
HARNFSS SAnniFRY suit paqfc hai-c tdiimi^c your letteTS ' send you catal °B ues and samples, and, in fact, architect PUILDIKG COHSTBUCTION
GOOOS LEATHER^^oviiS'Js accommodate yOU in any Way. Send your Mail Orderc to Architect of Hotel Sacramento _ XPCR ._Nc e A..L.-V r.sult, c
428-430 X Street, Comer Fifth Sacramento, Cal. | Sacra-mento, the leading mail order city in Ca^ornia. | Phopa Ar^ Street | | » K y'^\« r
.Theßcus^sj^hej^ llc_ _- Hot -. I F^ Q fa^ HOUSeH 0US e for Women and Childmn I /*W^ 1 1 Oe Tort sintr national bhi
Let Us Quote You Pricei ■ ffluli f n (] mmftyfv&nAimnn'rm "' BACR * MrNT0 ' c»uronNi»
MOHR&YOERK SCOTT, LYMAN & STACK NOT CHANCE OR LUCK— ' sSJS.utei-u.kßW'-" % mZ™
1024-26 J Street Plumbfcg and Electrical Conlraelcrj D . . ' Surplus an J Profits . . 1o!o(Kl.Cf)
SACRAMENTO, CAL. All Are Invited 419-421 J Street F garments of distinctive character and merit that have won . SM. «*««,s,«,_»„, „!.- " „ . r^. $43ivooai»
» I I « or Kaufmans a reputation for retailing Women's and - s«(iu»T<™r *>•:*:.-> Tfc«__i;_b. rctam«« by _.«t _«ii t National i»k >ith a Saiinjt Dipt. pin s% ,„ (M |
■ • Children's High-Class Apparel at remarkably low prices. '' " ' '
Cafeteria Sacramento E"ery Bri ggB »** wm m you. , I collection agency I |su_ s^.e~tof_=]E X Zr7cl7
T*_ U.<!«_'_^t.''p t r ON ' M Tr t "" B i .. r '• * Ge °* B"Sg»B "Sg» _.-_, _^-» " T' X - J " MAOBCN - CoiLtcro- Order p^^j,. g^ i ng FF a nd Press-
*nUen3i; : .p : , : a«fo le .r l2Cet ° at Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat Leaded C/ X? Leaders l SH-552.S SfiSSK ers Cleaned - 2S_. Sd° f G«S'
gy-aMS, .jfa^gj 1- m ;00; 005 K w I ,•* J^^Sian^U in | 6i4 Jlg^--g|L nto | 7 4,E11 c "--
" 1 I ■ 1 Fashiona -~cqmmMW>taam ■■■ ' — *" Qualito , |f* UZ~(sr* I i I
BEST WORK LOWEST PRICES Pbone Main .533 R WUUUiy I I \^ _, ff" ©l_, H H
THE. F. THOMAS ' ' Cln »ow ßijtht Bnt b» S«»dlnt Him to I M ~-~* _ m I
PARISIAN CLEANING Dr « J« D. Powell 7th and X Streets Christian Brothers' College T1 | I
» AND DYE WORKS Dentist SACRAMENTO. CAL. i- -^ <._^^ "• Cecil W. Roddan H cor
«. C. KCCNE. Man. ________ -»-.-»--—.. ■■_■■— m -„-, -_•--*__»• U.,_tJlDi «n- .1.; K b_.l. f.it«._-,. n_,i,c.l. Sri.nbfi. CI V I B ICTOC-r-r-
.2.7 J Street Phone M.ln 2589 J SOlKStr^t Sacr.m.n.o, C.L f ag^gg «^^---, U. Man | J*™*^
•^ -M-Mi^Mi i_ —d M. — | ••askusi PHQNIsnAINB9d # I brother v. Leo, prmidcnt rropnetorj oAunAlntalU
1 _^Rls_s_PWwMß^-^-i^^^^-r*^B^^^w^li *y^^q^r_w' q^-gii^^S-w^^y^^BKwSM^a wV ytjy^v^j jy*^ r \7l _v\i___!7 F 1 A FR TM [wttj fnC^^_r_ffy_ffi*\s l^ri^jig-*^^^
n^v _uSb_ft^_ T— f^ s3w<_LTi— fj_ ' —^I^ L^ > »t^w^3_i— T— Ly_ fiW^B*-_— T— F—^_T_/w^f J*_t.j__!^ ■—^i^la^—^PrTH^jff— rT__F__DipTi^ _^l _^Plr _t^l^t^ IKJ— j_ \_t _^t^^^^^^ * 4^ I i_^ I^j^JC* Uv-^^^i^ 1^ * 4 a^* \^^^\ ~*^ta^ • "•• ~i E^^f j C_ Jp_HJ^_ n_tw — *__ JH_Ur— t inPUn t _j|lhkta_jak^9^__^ll_l_RHL_slK mll^mUbcUe hH_ Itl »^4J _j^^^ J^_H B^
rfl-_-»-85-_M.-31_/-V a l?»Ai_3-^-w;:^«!»fl^ ' ■*■' ' } [jl7W_*y-w[k^^
_ — j FOH YOUK NirxT 6UIT OI ; OVCIICOAT co TO — I _jaajjgg»^
l.<u iOdilfil Snd gjfotf/// &//t}//6* Comer Fifth fe^^l^fe^^^^S K^UAdLI- Jt-WLLKY
Bideranon for your comfort Is anticipated and supplied, I , «> give satisfaction. We'd like you to
and where you may transact your business, meet your  — |ife« r *~3'/_?T| . r?^__g«— _ — __L_TT!ir__3 look over our showing of Rings, Pins,
friCn w;rav7beenTn V bi U sin b es. W°ovcr 'fony^'.'rs "riTe |U , T^ h - WE CAN SELL YOUR PROPERTY fe?'^ fß|^_^_S^H SoS'sKwar.' aS 'S'gSssT^
per cent interest is allowed on savings. W u .©@> 0 Fi jr \ Jorlhern r fl iin»ml_ IISSa) '^(_/5»>W-W
, ANK L ,_ J - Wn,,u.,b,u,aT«J- y SOOJ STREET l^fs^^ 718 X S.rce, U*, Jnttr. S.c«n.n,; Co..
Last Sunday night somebody, with
the idea of accumulating some easy
money, succeeded in burglarizing the
Commercial Bar owned by W. C.
Dillian. Thsy entered the main hall of
the hotel and forced a door leading Into
the barroom, where they apparently had
things all their own way for a time.
There was several slot machines which
they; broke open, forced the money
drawer at the bar, and ransacked the
cash register, which was not locked.
The money drawer contained about $10,
and the cash register about two or three
dollars, and this was about the extent of
the swag, as there was not likely to be
much, if anything, In the slot machines.
Billy says if the person that did the job
had asked him for the money the night
before he would have given it to him
and saved him all the trouble of break
ing locks.— Echo.
Mrs W. Potter, known about San An
dreas, some years ago as, Mrs Gray,
died at the house of her son-in-law
Thos, Porteous, at West Point last Sun
day. Mrs Potter was probably at the
time of her death the oldest resident of
the county as regards the time she
lived in the county. For many years
she lived at Petersburg on the Calaveras
river, and was one of the first if not the
first white woman living there. She
had a most attractive personality and
was then widely know throughout this
section. She had three children, a son
who was drowned in Dry Creek some
years ago, Mrs C. A. Werle and Mrs
Thos, Porteous who still survive. The
funeral took place at West Point.—Pros
pect.
Beware of Frequent Colds.
A succession of colds or a protracted
cold is almost certain to end in chronic
catarrh, from which few persons ever
wholly recover. Give every cold the at
tention'it deserves and you may avoid
this disagreeable diseae. How can you
cure a cold? Why not try Chamberlain's
Cough Remedy? It is highly recom
mended. Mrs M. White, of Butler,
Term.says: "Several years ago 1 was
bothered with my throat and lungs.
Someone told me of Chamberlain's
Cough Remedy. I began using it and it
relieved me at once. Now my throat
and lungs are sound and well." For
sale by Jackson Drug Store, Spagnoli,
Prop.
The Hymn of the Republic.
I have listened to the sighing of the
burdened and the bound,
I have heard it change hi crying, with a
menace in the sound;
I have seen the money-getters pass un
heeding on the way,
As they went to forge new fetters for
the people day by day.
All the gathered dust of ages God is
brushing from His book;
He is opening up its pages, and He bids
His children look;
And in shock and conflagration, and
in pestilence and strife,
He is speaking to the nations of the
brevity of life.
Mother Earth herself is shaken by our
sorrows and our crimes;
And she bids her sous awaken to the
portent of the times;
With her travail pain 9 upon her, she is
hurling from their place
All the minions of dishonor, to admit
the Coming Race.
There is growth in Revolution, if the
word is understood;
It is one with Evolution, up from self
to brotherhood ;
He who utters it unheeding, bent on
self or selfish gain,
His own day of gloom is speeding,
though he toil or though he reign.
God is calling to the masses, to the
peasant and the peer;
He is calling to all classes that the
crucial hour is near;
For each rotting throne must tremble,
, fall broken in the dust.
With the leaders who dissemble and be
1 tray the people's trust.
And there are no children's faces at the
spindle or the loom;
They are out in sunn/ places, where the
other sweet things bloom;
God has purified the alleys, He has set
the white slaves free,
And they own the hills and valleys in
this Government-to-Be.
—Ella Wheeler Wilcox.
Children Cry
FOR FLETCHER'S *
PASTOR I A
THE SANITATION CAR.
The meeting of the teachers institute
at lone held two weeks ago was signal
ized by a visit of the sanitation car,
which is sent out under the direction of
the state board of health. It is designed
to help the cause of sanitation and
public health by practical illustrations
of health methods and the ways of deal
ing with disease. The car was visited
by the teachers and citizens generally,
and was explained by those in charge.
Dr. Snow, of the state board of health,
being present to explain its objects.
The following account taken from the
Tone Echo, will be of Interest to our
readers.
There are many things to be seen in
the car which are of special interest to
our people, and as this is, for the most
part, an agricultural community, the
farm house has proved of special in
terest to visitors. The model shows the
conditions of overcrowding, lack of
ventilation, and m.thods of living
which favor the spread of tuberculosis
in a prosperous country home. A tuber
culous relative visiting the family com
pletes the essentials for demonstrating
the progress of the disease from member
to member of the family. The out
buildings and well of this farmhouse
show the methods by which typhoid
fever is conveyed from one individual
to another.
A model showing tenement-house con
ditions and the wrong methods of taking
the "fresh air cure" has proved an
important feature of the exhibit. The
arrangement of the apparatus has been
so planned that the demonstrator may
emphasize any phase of the subject
which he'flnds his audience specially
interested in. The models illustrating
housing conditions lead to those dealing
with "fresh air" tents and sleeping
porches, sputum cups and similar
devices, and to a working model of a
tuberculosis sanitorium.
The tuberculosis sanatorium demon
strates the value of the state hospital as
a means of preventing the spread of
the disease, not as a home for hopeless
cases after it is too late for recovery.
The modei is constructed in three sec
tions (1), a city; (2) a tuberculosis
tent colony In the mountains, showing
convalescent patients serving as state
fire rangers during the summer months;
and (.1) a farm colony, showing the re
covered patients located in country out
door occupations. "The hospital train
ing school for consumptives" is the
title of this model. It is easy for the
demonstrator to show that each man
thus trained becomes a valuable fighting
unit against this disease, which causes
the death of one out of each seven of
California's residents.
Several hundred photographs, showing
occupation conditions favoring tuber
culosis, have attracted much attention.
One collection shows things not # ordi
narily thought of in connection with the
subject. This list iucludesa harmonica,
a tin whistle, n pipe, a telephone, tin
dipper, lead pencils, a "family" hand
kerchief.
An excellent series of cultures,
vaccines, and serums has been con
tributed by the Gutter Laboratories of
Berkeley, and supplemented by general
culture specimens from the State Hygi
enic Laboratory. A model is grouped
with these exhibits, showing the tech
nique of testing a cow for tuberculosis,
and the resulting reaction temperature
curve. Among the illustrations of com
bating tuberculosis is a model showing
the use of a farm kitchen as an operat
ing room for the early removal of tuber
culosis glands.
Each year approximately 400 Cali
fornia babies, under one year of age,
die from diarrhoea and enteritis. It is
estimated that less than ten per cent of
these are breast-fed babies. The
models accompanying the charts showing
these facts represent the bad features
of an average California dairy and the
improvements which should be made to
render it a safe dairy. ? Bad milk un
questionably plays a large part in the
death of these babies. This part of the
exhibit is equipped with culture plates
showing the growth of bacterial colonies
in milk, and various devices for proper
collection and transportation of milk
from the cow to the consumer. Tne
exhibit shows also the methods adopted
by milk commissioners for the control
of '-'certified-milk."
A large group of relief models show
ing the pollution of streams, ground
water wells and springs has been of
great interest in certain localities.
This group shows the various ways in
which the 0.000 preventable cases of
typhoid fever originate each year.
Along with this part of the exhibit are
shown medels of septic tanks, a sand
filter, dry-earth toilets, garbage in
cinerators and similar devices.
Mounted specimens of disease-carry
ing files and mosquitoes, and diagram
matic charts showing their anatomy
were contributed by the Entomology De
partment of Stanford University.
A scries of charts and statistics
showing the value of vaccination against
smallpox has been of particular interest.
The United States records approxi
mately 175,000 deaths annually from
tuberculosis. A bell timed to ring
175,000 times in a year is included in
the exhibit. This bell rings once every
three minutes," and has caused very
general comment.
Alone In Saw Mill at Midnight.
unmindlful of dampness, drafts, storms
or cold, W. J. Atkins worked as Night
Watchman, at Banner Springs, Term.
Such exposure gave him a severe cold
that settled on his lungs. At last he
had to give up .work. He tried many
remedies but all failed till he used Dr.
King's New Discovery. "Atfer using
one Dottle"he writes,"! had went back
to work as well as ever." Severe colds,
stubborn coughs, 1 inflammed throats and
sore ilungs, hemorrhages croup and
whooping cough get quick relief and
prompt cure from tris glorious medicine
50c and SI 00. Trial bottle free, guar
anteed by Spagnoli 's Drug Store.
m~TWOHORSfBRAND|j
|S-_-f-i_a-OiT™ i H^iMia^^^^^aHj[DRYTOWN
Nov. 30-1 think there Is enough hot
air circulating around here (a evaporate
all the moisture Hint falls for the next
century. Say, Mr Editor, hitch a
couple of pound 3of gas on your smoke
wagon and make us a visit. I will
guarantee to furnish hot air to run your
machine fora year free of charge. If
you doubt my word I can refer you to
the man that Rsrt introduced hot air in
this town. But enough of such foolish
ness I will try and get down to facts.
J.E. Orainbert is busy at present
putting i.i his crop with the assistant
of Tom Stock, our once popular stage
driver. *£J
Mrs D. K. McMillan of Sacram«nto
made a flying visit to her two sisters,
Mrs A. L Wait nnd Mrs G. B. Craton
of this vicinity last \ve;k.
Mrs Dan Bonto. who has been very ill
is slowly improving.
William Pluckett is very sick at his
home near the Central house.
Frank Gazzaro slipped a car load of
holly berries to San Francisco this
veek.
Tom Thompson the enterprising Ply
mouth freight hauler deilvored them in
lone.
1 would write more but I am afraid
your subscribers would all stop their
paper in the next issue, so as I don't
want to put you out of commission 1
will wind this up.
But say if anybody thinks Drytown is
always dry
Give us a call and we will open your
eyes
For we have other moisture here besides
rain. ,-'., .
If you ever come once you will surely
come again. Blue Bell.
A specific for pain— Dr. Thomas'
Eclcctric Oil, strongest, cheapest lini
ment ever devised. A household remedy
in America for 25 years.
LE DOUX CASE
WILL BE TRIED
Woman Prisoner Without a
A Trace of Tuberculosis
When the statement was recently
maie that Emma Le Doiix was afflicted
vitft tuberculosis and that her weakened
physical condition did noi warrant the
authorities in further prosecuting the
woman on the charge of having killed
McVicar, the man svhose body as found
in a trunk at the Southern Pacific rail
road station, a commission was ap
pointed to make a thorough examination
of the accused 'and report to the court.
Drs. E. Harbert and S. E. LUiT were
selected for that work and yesterday they
made the following report to District
Attorney McNoble :
"In compliance with your request of a
report on the present condition and state
of health of Mrs Emma Le Doux, we
beg, leave to suh'mit the following:
That on the 24th day of November, 1909,
we visited the jail and made physical
examination of said person, which was
negative so far as there being any tuber
cular infection of the lungs or any
othei part of the body. At this time we
made application of the Moro's tuber
aular test, and on the 26th day of No
vember. 1909, patient was taken to Dr.
Harbert's office for rurther examination,
and as to the finding of tuberculosis the
results were negative. She has a slight
pharyngitis and a chronic inflammation
af the cervix. Neither of the above
affections are serious or greatly de
trimental to th= ?11 ;I heath. The
patient was returned to Dr. Harbert's
office again on November 27, 1909, and
further examined, with the same results
stated above. ' '
The physicians found the woman
afflicted with a catarrhal trouble which
caused sonic annoyance in her throat
•nd made an irritation that led to oc
casional coughing, but it produced no
indication of lung trouble and is not
considered serious. She is not robust,
as a matter of course, but she is able
to stand the strain of a trial, the law
officers say, and they are preparing to
proceed with the trial on the 2nd of
next February. All of the witnesses
till be in court snvc one, whose testi
mony the District Attorney says is un
important, because it can be supplied.
Every other witness is here and under
jiibpoena.— Stockton Independent.
Xmas Combs. Druggists always have
the best stock of Combs all the year
round, then when we stock them speci
ally for Christmas you may expect some
thing great. At Ruhser's.
Dyspepsia is our national ailment.
Burdock Blood Bitters is the national
cure for it. It strengthens stomach
membranes, promotes flow of digestive
juices, purifies the blood, builds you up.
Unclaimed Letters,
Letters remaining unclaimed in the
Jackson, Cal post office for the week
ending December 3rd.
Oalenta Antonetti, Bert Evens, John
jMassoni, L. E. Martin, Sam Minnidue,
.Mrs Julia Oneto and Miss Adelina
Nucci.(2)
Any skin itching is a temper-tester.
Tne more you scratch the worse it
itches. Doan's ointment cures piles,
fcczema— any skin itching. At ull drug
stores.
Miller's Best Flour 7s 97 per cent
uatural Flour— that's why its the best.
Why He Wai Deaf.
Brene-Htal.le of Scottish vlllnoro Inji,
Landlord la l>u«y rep.ilrlnjr a piece of
lmrnrss ntul Is carrying or «t the same
tl'iu> a conversation with the village
blacksmith, Enter farmer.
i'aruier— Look here, landlord! Can
ye fflfl me a bottle o # jrer l»est whisky.'
L.iiHll»r<l-\Vcel. ye see, the horsey
are n' out. nn' I dlnna ken when ony o'
them Ml be home.
(•'armer-lt's uo n horse I want; It's
A liottle o' whisky.
Landlord -Aye; but. ye see. they're n
mild bit awn', an' It'll be Irtffl before
the Ilrst o' them's back.
i'rtrmcr (louden— l tell ye. It's no' n
horse, but a bottle o' whisky. I want.
I.iindloi'd-Weel, ye m?e, the beasts Mi
be 1 1 red, an'—
Knriner— (3ang nwa' \vl* ye nn' yor
beasts!
Exit.
Itlncksnilth— Mnn. John, ye're gettln'
ii.y denf ns n doorpost. It wasna' a
horse, but n bottle o' whisky, the man
was nskln' for.
Latidlord-Ou. nye. I heimi him line,
hut he dldna' pay for the last bottle he
ftot.— Pearson's Weekly.
The Order of the Bath.
The lust Knlghta of the Ituth innde
according to the ancient forms wore nt
t l«o coronation of Charles 11., when
various rites imd ceremonies, one of
which was bathing, were enforced.
According to Frolssnrt. the court
barber prepared a bath, and the can
didate for membership In the order,
having been undressed by bis esquires,
was thereupon placed In the bath, his
clothes and collars being the perqui
sites of the barber. lie was then re
moved from the water to the words
"May this be an honorable bath to
you" and was placed in a plain bed
quite wet and naked to dry. As soon
as he was quite dry be was removed
from the bed, dressed in new and rich
anparel and conducted by his sponsors
to the chapel, where he offered a taper
to the honor of God and n penny piece
to the honor of the king. Then he
went to the monarch and, kneeling
before him, received from the royal
sword a tap on the shoulder, the king
exclaiming. "Arise. Sir ." and then
embraced him, saying, "Be thon a good
knight, and true.*'— London Strand
Slagazlne. . •
England's Patron Saint.
The story of England's patron saint
is surrounded by a mixture of truth
and fable which defies definite sifting.
He is generally believed to have been
born at Lydia," but brought up in Cap
pndocla, and suffered martyrdom in
the reign of Diocletian. A. D. 303. The
legend of his conflict with the dragon
may have arisen from a symbolical or
allegorical representation of his con
test with the pagan persecutors. When
our crusaders went to the east in 109 C
they found St. George elevated to the
rauk of warrior saint. With the title
of the "victorious," and as they be
lieved that they were indebted to him
for aid In the siege of Ant loch they
adopted him as the patron of soldiers.
Edward 111. was thus led to make him
patron of the Ordir of the Garter, and
so gradually St. George became the tu
telary saint of England.— London Mall.
Eve and the Apple.
Princess Duleep Singh at a dinner in
New York said that she found the
American woman a innrvol of beauty
and the American man 'a model of
good looks and kindness.
"The American man." said the charm
ing priucess, "is rightly held up to the
world as the pattern husband. In Eu
rope they have n saying about Eve
and (he apple which shows how
wretched a failure the European hus
band is. This saying is unknown in
America. I am sure. It would have
no point, no application, here in the
land of pattern husbands. The say
ins is this: " 'The evil one didn't give
the apple to the man. but to the wom
an, because the evil one knew well
that the man would eat it all him
self, but the woman would go halves.' "
Aisie of the Car In a Railroad Wreck.
' A veteran railroad man gave a piece
of valuable advice not long ago.
"If you ever get into a wreck," he
said, "and have time to follow out this
suggestion remember this: Always
Htand In the aisle. Most of the in
juries that nre suffered occur because
the victim Is crushed between the
seats. If you are in the aisle you may
bo thrown forward arid bruised a lit
tle, but there Is much less chance of
receiving serious hurts. It isn't always
possible to get out of your seat before
tho crash comes, but if it is follow,
that advice."— Louisville Courier-Jour
nal.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
ffee Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the Sjfl //fiTT* J7J 7
Signature ol L/uzS^y^cUc/UW
"I have been somewhat costive but
Doan's Regulets gave just the results
desired. They act mildly and regulate
the bowels. Perfectly. '"—George B.
Krause, 300 Walnut Aye., Altoona, Pa.
|v lIKTMNOKK ■• ft KNillllT
j KNIGHT & CO.
FoundryS Machine Shop
Sutter Creek. Cal.
HCILDER9 OV WATER WHKELB OP
hiii-st uhj most upproved piUtm-DH, and
all Uliui* of shiHit Iron pip". Kvery deHurlptlun
Of idlulqk uiiil mlllii.i; muchiuery imtdii at the
Hhortem notice. We duxtre to cull tbe attention
of liUi-UsmUhs and othnr workum In iron to tlin
fart that wo Ueep uonHlactly OQ ln.rnl n litrp 1
nml complete Ntork of tmr. refined and Norway
l-oii. k»i pipe, ifikH mtirm-s. eta., wblcb we wl 1
Mil at thd I.OVVKST CASH HKICKS.
Classy Photo.
It liikm line workmanship, ex*
peiionce nud the beat ot apparatus
to turn out n "Ulnssy I'hotogrnph"
lv these days of strenuous com
petllion. Of oouree whoa you hare
your picture taken you want the very
lie«t, especially when the best costs
no more than work of Inferior
quality. LOCMN, the premier puoto
gaphor of Stockton, la fully prepated
to give yon this better clans of
Photo's. Visit, his studio nt 15 8.
Hun Joaqniu St., Htooktou, when
you are in town.
wmmm
wear well u3iViEiJ
and they keep you •/!»■ JiJ
dry while you are yfm €>^,
wearing them IM E \
$300 JfH yi
EVERYWHERE Am I
GUWAmED WATERPROOF ??Am I
CATALOG rfi££ *<&*fig£t>
AJ.TbWEP CO. Boston. m&K ' "^ "*
Tower Canadian Co. umitco. Toronto, can.
PATENTS
United States and Foreign Patent*
procured defendpd and SOLD. Draft-
ing and Blue Printing doua. Send for
free book on patents.
Pacific Coast Patent Agency, Inc.
Stockton, Cal.
Men's Private Diseases Cured
quickly and effectually at your own home
by a regular physician of lorag practice.
Medicines with fall directions sent to
your nearest Express office: you paying
the charges $5.00 on taking out package.
Address, Mail Medical Dispensary,
Lock Box 3(i, San Franc iso,. Cal. No. 5
Order to Show Causs on Appli-
cation ot Guardian to Sell Real
Estate.
In the superior court of the county of
Amadcr, state of California.
In the matter of the . estate and
guardianship of Robert Upton and
Rueben Upton, minors.
On reading and filing the petition of
P. T. Upton, the guardian of. the estates
ot Robert Upton and Rueben Upton,
minors, praying for an order of sale of
certain real estate belonging to his said
wards for the uses and purposes therein
set forth ;
It is hereby ordered, that the next of
kin of the said ward and all persons in-
terested in the satd estate, appear before
this court on Saturday, the 18th day of
December, 1909, at 10 o'clock A. M., at
: the court room of this court, at the city
of Jackson, in the county oi Amador, then
and there to show cause why an order
should not be granted for the • sale of
such estate :|
And it is further ordered, that a copy
of this order be published at least four
successive weeks before the said day of
hearing, in the Amador Ledger, a news-
paper printed and published in said
county of Amador.
Dated November 11. 1909.
,r«j*| IFRED V. WOOD.
noi 2-StHBKisBHH":£:ttJ!S; J vd 8 e -
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION— O2227
Departmentof the Interior, '""
U. S. Lend Office at Saramento,
California, November 22, 1909.
Notice is hereby given that Louis
Miller, of Volcano, California, who, on
September 17, 1906, made H. E. No
8058, for E% of NWJ-i and E'a of
SW l^, Setion 32, Township BN, Range
14 E. , Mount Diablo Meridian, has filed
notice of intention to make Final Com-
mutation Proof, to establish claim to
the land above described, before the U.
S. commissioner for Amador county,
at his office in Jackson, California, on
the sth day of January, 1910.
Claimant names as witnesses :
Samuel Lessley and Jacob Shoemaker,
of Volcano, California; Joe Huot, of
Plymouth, California; and C. Oneto, of
Sutter Creek, California.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
no2o Register.
HEALD'S I
BUSINESS COLLEGE j!
' Fa.l Term Opens Au«. 30. ;
Write for Information.
HEALD'S ii
Stockton. Cal.
NOTICE TQ CREDITORS
Estate of Augusta C. Wrigglesworth
deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the under-
signed, administrator of the estate of
Augusta C. Wrigglesworth, deceased, to
the creditors of and all persons having
claims against the said deceased to ex-
hibit them, with the necessary vouchers,
within four monhs after* the first publi-
cation of this notice to the said admin-
istrator, at the law office of J. W. Cald-
well, Courthouse Square, Jackson Ama-
dor county, California, the same being
the place for the transaction of the busi-
ness of said estate, in said Amador
county.
Dated, November 13th, 19011.
GHORGE WRIGCLESWOUTH,
Administrator of the estate of Augusta'
C. VX'rigglesworth, deceased.
j. W. Caldwell, attorney for adminis-
rator. 5
What ■ Dollar Dog Can Do.
A wnn In n in-nrliy <Hy bou.qlit for
li!m wife nnd child a year ago a dog,
for which lie puia n dollar. Jt tvns
obviously nolliliifr wonderful In tlio
cnnlne wh.v— moit'ly n luoftfjrel, wllli
the litillrioft hI mm '.x-rdoinlnnnt. 'Die
owner wmn n inaii In Imiiililp rirctim*
stances, nnd the dog In iiis modest
dwelling was the |irlncl|)iil unset nslde
from n few Itickl of furnlturr. Tho
other night Tom was tied to n log of
the kitchen gink, iim nsiiiil, anil tbc
fa'mlly Wellt to bod. They wen- nwnk
ened by tho dog nt midnight scratch-
Ing nt Ills muster's door. When bis
mnstt'i 1 enme out to hco what was the
mutter the dog. with v remnant of
Chewed rope hanging from hln collar.
Whined nnd ran to tho bead of tho
stalrwny. The house was 0)1 lire, mid
shortly after woman anil child and
ninn and dog innde tholr osenpe tholr
poor dwelling was a mass of glowing
embers. The owner of the dog lins
boen urged to part with him for a
large cash consideration; but, though
he Is penniless, lie will not pnrt with
the four footed savior of his family.
Neither has the dog at nuy time had
thoughts of leaving them for luxurious
kennels.— New York Times.
Slaves to the Servants.
"I «ni very tired." said the fashion
ably dressed woman. "1 have been
working dreadfully hard nil day. 1 Do
ing what? Why, seeing to my serv
ants—working for them. Didn't you
know that the more servants you have
the harder you must work? Certainly
1 have to do all the shopping for my
servants. I have to buy their uni
forms, tho caps and aprons of tho
maids, the clothing of the housekeeper,
and have to see to the marketing, too—
yes, and very often,- In spite of the fact
that I have a housekeeper.. 1 must, or
they will form a combine tc* rob me of
everything I bnve. The toousokeeper
will get a rakeoflf that will' enable her
to retire in a few years. Than perhaps
it In I who must hunt a' place as
housekeeper for some one else. Oh,
yes, if you want to keep your position
as mistress of a household of servants
you nmst keep bustling! Yoircnn'taf
.ford to let the grass grow under your
feet to any great extent."— N*w York
Press.
He Gat a Hundred..
| Sammy's mother talked to Mm long
and pamestly about tho poor marks he
had been getting in his work at school.
She painted In alluring colors the ca
reer of the little boy who stuiilEes his
lessons and gnins the love and respect
of his teachers. She wont even far
ther. She promised him that if he got
good marks she would give- him a
whole dime all for his own. Sammy
seemed impressed.
That afternoon he returned from
school fairly dnncing with joy-
"Oh, mother," he shouted, "I got a
hundred:"
I "Sammy!" cried his delighted! moth
er. ' Sue hugged him and kissed him
and fiettcA him and— gave- Mra the
dime.
"Ami what did you get ai hundred
In?" 1 she finally asked. •
"In two things," replied: Sammy
without hesitation. "I got forty «n
readin' and sixty In spellliiV— Every
body's Magazine.
Trapping the Parson.
William Morris did not always get
his jokes right end first. In a biography
of her husband. Mrs. Edward Burne-
Jones tells of the ease -with which he
reversed them.
A dinner gathering haid all been ask
ing conundrums.
"Who killed bis brother Cain?" asked
Burne-Jones.
Morris fell into the trap at once.
"Abel!" he shouted.
Later in the day be came In laugh
ing.
"I trapped the parson, by Jove!" he
exclaimed. "I asked him, 'Who killed
his brother Abel?'
'"Cain/ he said at once.
'"Ha" I said. 'I knew you'd say
that. Every one does.' I came away
and left him puzzled enough, and I
doubt If he's found out yet what the
joke was."
Not Qualified.
Two men were getting warm over a
simple difference of opinion.
They turned to the third muu.
"Isn't a homemade strawberry short
cake better than a cherry pleV" de
manded one of them.
"Isn't a homemade cherry pie bet
ter than any shortcake?" Inquired the
other.
The third man shook his head.
"I don't know." he said. "I board."
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
The Tripping Tongue.
"Henry I'ock. you're a fool!"
"You didn't seem to think so when
I was single."
' "No, ydu never showed what a big
fool you wore until you married me."
—Exchange.
Not an Umpire.
A clerjtymnu start led his drowsy
CODgreßOtloii'the other day ns follows:
"My dourly beloved friends, poriult
me to remind you that I come here to
preach, not to act as umpire In it snor
ing match."
The Explanation.
Fred— There seems to lx> v lot nuiro
fuss made of mish a.'h Hinxing than
Miss X.'», nud I am BUro Miss K. has
by fnr the richer voice. .Inek— Ah. yes,
but Miss A. has by fur the richer
father.
Made Sure of tha Pie.
A young girl who rarrk l^ li**f dinner
wua observed to eat lu-r pie first.
When naked why, h he replied, "Well.
If there'H any thlutf left it won't be tto
pie, will It, now?"
Phears' Express.
King up Sum I'henr for prompt (U-
livery ot trunks, bnppsire nnd expres*
packages. Kates reasonable. Leave
orders with P. L, Ca<winelil, phono
Main :ir>; and lOxprees office, Main .'l4;
residence JUae.k '174.
Furniture Moved.
Heceipt books, location blanks, deeds
mortgages, promissory notes, etc
for sale: also mining signals on
cloth at Ledger office
When you are v^
dry and dusty *
CALL IOR
Gilt Edge Lager
OR
Doppel Bran
Sacramento's famous Boors
On draught overywhero.
In bottles too
' Sacramento Brewing Co.
P. J. UUHSTALLEB, Mgr
••••••••••••••••••••••••a*
: DAILY STAGE LIRE •
• BETWEEN *
• JACKSON and ELJJfORADO •
• J. Stciner. Proprietor. 2
2 Leaves- j>»ek»oii every morning at 7:30 •
• a, m.: arrfrea at Plymouth 10:30 v. m. *
• Leaves Plymouth at Ip. m.; urrives. at •
J El Doradofrp. m. •
J Leaves El Dorado 7:J5a. m ; arrives •
tm at Plymouth 11 a. m. Leaves Plymouth 2
• at 3p. m.; arrives in Jackson at 5 p. m. •
Offices— Jogkaon. National Hotel; Sut- *
ter Creek, American Exchango; Ama- J
s dor City, Amador Hotel; Drytown, Ex- 5
m chaoge; Plymouth, Forest House. •
• Prompt rta!l very »t packages. *
• This line connects with passenger •
• trains to and from Placerville: •
• THROUGH' FARE - - - - $2.50 *
• Fifty pounds of baggage free. •
•■•■••••■MeaaMtMtMMtw
Jackson, Amador County, Cal. Ii
D. S. and H. M MASON, - - - Prop's .
Stage Office for all points.
Fine Sample Rooms for Commercial Travelers.
Lighted by electricity throughout. •
The best meals for 35c and 50 cents.
First-class service in every way.
Al Flour...
Made from Best Wheat
*With Best Machinery
By the Best Skilled Workmen
A trial will convince y0u....
MANUFACTURED BY
Woodland Grain & Milling Co.
jJD^ GUARANTEED
MANUFACTURERS f*Cj SAN FRANCISCO.
CONFIDENCE IN SHOES
During the rain months, everyone wants a pair of shoes that will, holt
together even though they are soukod through. Our shoes have stooi
through 50 winters, and snow and rain and Ice and sleet have no deterr
Irijf effect upon them. Our reputation for ''Sold Shoe." Manufactur
ers stands summer and Winter, through all seasons, for all weathers
We try our best to make tho best. That's why our customers hav<
confidence in our product. Ask your dealer, lie knows.
BUCKINGHAM * HECHT'S SHOES ARK GUARANTEED.
■.■. _ . . '
10870
A $100 Typewriter
for If cents a Day
Plpnan rnnil MlO liondlno ovfr ngAln. Then ll*
trpir.«n<]nti« f>l«nlfli-nncfl will 'lawn tiprmynii.
Ad Oliver Tjii'-wrltrr— tlio ntanrtnrri vIkIMp
wiltor— Hip jiin(inia<-hlnp— the most highly |*>r.
foitpd tyiirwrltpr on thn marknt— ynura for IT
(■cnlH ft iliv.v!
Tim lyimwrllPi" wlioso e<ini|i:ir;, nt I'm onni-
mcrrlnl wiirM 1» 11 m»ttor nt titislneiw t-.lntnry—
yours for 17 rfntn A day !
The ty|«wrll«r Hint l« Pi|iilr>txvl with woron f>f
wiph convPHlPiirf>R nn "Tim Hnlniicn flilft," thn
"Killing Dflvlrp," thn"r)oitt.|p.nplPn:in,'' Hie "Lo-
comotive IInHP," thn "Autoinotlc! Hpftcnr," tho
"Aiitnmntli: Tftlnilnlnr," tho "iJlAApppftrlng In-
cllcHtor," the "A'lJuMAliln l'a|>fir Flngflrn, thn
m "Br.lpnlflP^ CondiWd
Jg\ n ...^|)i, Yours for 17 Cents
*BsM'lr fSrv'iiiifi&a Wp nnnniiliecd thin
»'' vv »nle» plan reonnt-
*-~v%» rJjj^gjlSMS '' ■ '"'*' tri ''"''' ""' I 1"'""I 1 "'""
\A {\T~^ jg .""jT « Hinnll I'lmli payment,
nr_>f j thnii If rfintn n day
, -^jjP. _«s^aac— ' Tll(lt „ the pidiiin a
niilnhPll.
Tho result lifts boon BUch n ilHugn ofappllra-
tlonH for inaohlMP-i that wo am simply as-
tounded,
Thn dninnnil cninnn from poopln of nil Hansps,
Hll llgPO, nil n<ril|'iltlntm.
Tho majority of imiulrMn hnncotnofrom ppoplo
of known n txtix-1/il stnndlnß who worn nUrautml
by tho novply of thn i>ro|K>«ltlf»n. An Improsslve
domonntrntlon of the InimenHe popularity of tho
OIITPr Typnwrltnr.
A fitnrtllng nnnflrinAtlon of «ir hollnf that th»
Era of UnlvnrHitl Tyimwrltlng to at hand.
A Quarter of a Million People are
Making Money with
Tije
OLIVER
TypcVlrri-fer
The Standard Visible Typewriter
The OHtpt Typewriter In n money-maker, right
from the word • ko!" So cany to run that begin-
ners soon get In the "expert" clasn> Earn as
you learn. Let the mnnhlno pay the 17 cents a
, day— and all above that Is yours.
Wherever yon nre, thorn's work to- bn Uono
and money to be madn by unlng l>a#< Oliver.
,Tho business* worM is calling for Olltct oper-
ators. There are not enough lo wippty the
demand. Their salaries are considerably above
■those of many classes of workers.
;Am Oliver Typewriter in every Home
That Is our buttle fry today. We Iki.v» made
the Ollvor supreme In usefulness amliolVwilnte-
ly ludixpeiiMiiilp in business. Now come» the
-sonquest of the h»nie.
Tho ftrmuliclr.y nn«l Htrengtli of tho Oliver St It
for famtty line. It Is becoming an impnctanl
Victor In the home training of young. peopl«.
An educator lit \v« II us a money maker.
Our new Helling plan puts the Oliver on. tho
ttivonholil f>f every home In Amertcn. WUI you
clnse the doors fit your homo or ofllco on this
remarkable (Hivftr opjiortiinity ?
Write for further «leialls of our easy offer and
atteecopy ot thwnow Olher catalog. Addteaa
The Oliver Typewriter Co.
32G First Avenue,
ami <im SFATTLE. Washington