>
OLDEST PAfEft
LARGEST CIRCULATION
It Payitkt Baitveti Man to Ad»«r
ti t in the U&gn.
Established October 27, 1855.
LAWYERS.
vyw. o. bntokii,
Attornc.T-4iM.aw,
JACKSONt CAL.
omen in Unroll* DuUcilng, Court itraet.
Will praotlco in all Urn courts of the state, fo
DOCTORS.
■Y7I .13. KNDICOTT, M, D.
Fhyslolnn mill Surgeon
affloe: Webb building. All o»lU promptly
attended to at all times,
r^tt. FIIKO P. SI'RAGUB
l'hystirlan nnd Surgeon
t ■ /irraAW nil
. JACICBON . CAI...
3FFICB— Next door to restdouoe, north Stain
street, opposite California hotel.
Telephone Main 32
-|-Vll. A. SI. OAtX
. , Fhnlolan nnd Hnrgeon
>->■/*• -- - .■■ . '
Offlce In Marella building. Mam Street.
T> S.UOODMAN M I>
physician «»« l Surgeon
Suttek Creek, Cal.
jju.lg. Lynch
Physician and Surgeon
hi i Office, Main 26
Residence, Main 27
Amatlor CHy. Cai.
T> F. WALKER, M. I>.
* Practice llmltoa to diseases ot
EYE, EAR,. NOSE and THROAT
0«lce-ELK'S BUILDING.
STOCKTON, WAI.
-DENTISTS.
DU. .lOIIN A. DELUCCHI
■
SUT-TER CREEK, CAL-
-OFFtCE noons:— From flu. j. to 6 p. m ;
T-vlt A. W, SUTHERLAND
JACKSON, CAL.
Telephone Black tU Hours o—s
-pioilAßD WEBB
United States Commissioner
JACKSON CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other Mings:
taking of final proofs and all other Land
Business.
Doeds and other legal documents drawn up.
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Street, Jacksoq ■
Dealer In —
WATCHES. CLOCKS MHRY*
AND SILVERWARE
«» All goods warranted as represented
Rspul.-lng of watches, Clocks and jewelry
cpeotaltv.
•■•••••••••••••••••••••••a
• i OO T.O THE •
1 AMADOR BAKERY I
• When You RTJTC/Vll •
• Want Fresh IJItXiiAU m
I£ ml porto 1 1 m. I
• 'We also keep a large stock of StUDle •
• . und Funoy "
f GROCERIES •
J Oar Specialty— Fri»h Bread every day •
• ezoept Buodoy "
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children. '
M Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^f /l3'J+-J?
Signature of W&j/^7<»^«<f*f
Amador Ledger.
JACKSON. AMADOU COUNTY. CAIiIFOItNIA. FItIDAY; SEPTEMBER l*j, lOOQ.
THE GARIBALDI-GRILLO
PLACER MINE CASE
NEITHER SIDE GETS JUDGMENT
Full Text of the Opinion of Court in this
Famous Suit.
In The Superior Court of The State of
California, in and for the county of
Amador.
__Frank Garibaldi and Frank Devencenzi
Plain"fiffsrVsr"John B. Grillo, James
Grillo and August Gril o, Defendants.
OPINION.
Plaintiffs bring this action to quit
their title to a thirty acre tract of sur
veyed unpatented mineral land ot Uni
ted States known, as the Gold Dnst
placer claim, and described as the west
half of south west quarter ot the north
east quarter, and the west halt ot the
east half of the south west quarter of the
north cast quarter ot section twenty
two in township seven north of range
twelve east, M. D. &S& M. in the Vol
cano mining district, Amador county,
and their claim to the same is based
upon a notice ot location dated and
posted upon the ground on Aug. 28,
1908, upon which day they distinctly
marked their location upon the ground
so that its boundaries could be readily
traced. Plaintiffs entry upon the land
tor the purpose of making the location
was peaceably made, but since then they
have never had actual possession of any
part of the claim, nor have they per
formed any labor upon it. r
, Defendants have disclaimed any in
terest to the most westerly ten acres of
the tract alleged by plaintiffs to be
owned by them but by way of a cross
complaint they assert title to the re
maining twenty acres upon the grounds:
1. That they have held and worked
the ground for more than five years pre
ceeding the conmencement of this ac
iion,. and have thereby acquired title
without a location. 2. That they are
grantees ot one J. B. Skinner, who
made a valid location of the twenty
acres as a placer claim on July 8, 1898,
notice of which location was recorded
July 27, 1896, with the recorder of Vol
cano mining district.
The evidence given upon the trial
showed without conflict that this mining
ground. was covered withh a lava cap that
was deep in some places; that there
is suposeed to be an ancient channel
containing gold-bearing gravel under
what is known as Humbug gulch ; that
this claim enters the twenty acres in
dispute near the southwesterly corner,
and running in a north-easterly course
it passes out of the twenty acres at about
midway in the eastern line, and many
years ago a discovery shaft was- sunk
in the gulch at a point about equi-dis
tant in its course, from its point of en
trance to its point of departure in the
twenty acre claim. This shaft was sunk
apparently to a depth of about thirty
feet, and gravel was reached, whether
gold bearing or not does not appear, but
it was shown that on account of the
water encountered the most practical way
of workingthe gravel was by' means
of a tunnel started from adjoining
ground.
Skinner, after making his location,
spent two or three days in making • sur
veys for the purpose of selecting a
course for a tunnel to develop the claim.
He settled upon a point and started his
tunnel upon patented land about 500
feet east from the eastern, boundary of
the twenty acre claim. There was evi
dence at the trial showing that work
was thereafter performed in driving the
tunnel forward toward the shaft each and
every-year up to August 20, 1902, the
date upon which defendants claim to
have acquired ownership, but it cannot be
said that the evidence proves the ex
penditure of ths $100 worth of labor re
quired for every one of these years.
On Dec. 28, 1896, Skinner conveyed
a one-half interest in the claim to M.
Christensen, and on August 7, 1900, M.
Christensen filed with the county re
corder his affidavit showing that he
had performed the annual labor for 1896
and 1899, upon the twenty acre claim
and that Skinner had failed to crontrib
ute his portion of such expense after
demand by publication.
Since August 20, 1902, defendants
claiming ownership of the twenty acres
in dispute have expended more than
$100 each year in driving the tunnel for
ward, besides many hundreds of dollars
in running drifts, and before the trial
of this action they had by means of the
tunnel penetrated under the surface of
the very ground in dispute, but the evi
dence does not establish the distance, if
any, that defendants had penetrated under
this twenty acre claim at the time of the
commencement of this action. No
work of any kind has ever been per
formed by defendants or by Skinner or
his grantees or assigns upon the surface
of the ground, nor within the boundaries
of the claim prior to the location claim
ed by plaintiff.
' Platintiffs contend that as there has
been no labor • performed within the
boundaries of the claim until after
the location claimed by them there has
been no annual labor performed upon
the claim, but it was said in Hall v.
Kearney, 33 Pac. Rep. 373, "where
work done outside of a claim tends to
its development, it is immaterial if it
is upon adjoining patented ground, and
running a tunnel for purpose of prospect
ing two separate and distinct claims
owned by same person is to be
credited to both, and the owner is not
required also to perform work on-sur
face."
Book v. Justice Mining Co, 58 Fed.
Rep. 109. And again De Noon v.-Morri
son, 83 Cal., 165, "Running a tunnel
on an adjoining clatim in close proxi
mity is sufficient to hold claim. And
to the same effect is Ham v. Matters,
83 Pac. Rep., 125. . f \
Giving due effect^ to the foregoing
authorities the evidence in the case
fairly establishes that during the time
they have claimed ownership, defend
ants have in good faith each year per
formed the necessatry development work
upon the twenty acres in dispute, by
their work in driving the tunnel for
ward.
Each side to this controversy claims
that the other has not made a dis
covery within the limits of the claim,
and each in defense of its own location
has intimated that no discovery is' nec
essary to perfect a claim upon placer
mineral land.
'.'Discovery. is just rs essential in case,
of placers as it:is in lode locations, and
the rules as to what constitutes a valid
discovey in the latter apply with equal
force to the former, with such modifi
cations only as necessarily flow from the ,
different forms in which the deposits ,
occur According to a ruling
of the department, the fact that the (
land has been returned.mineral by the ■
surveyor general does not obviate the }
necessity of a discovery as the basis ,
of a placer location, as without such
discovery the location is void.
1 Lihdley on Mines, sec. 437.
Although in some instances courts
have questioned the necessity of an ac- '
tual discovery of mineral upon gold •
placer ground it is established by the '
decided weight of authority that appro- '
priate discovery is as necessary to the I
location of a placer claim as to the loca- <
tion of a lode claim. <
Steele v. Tanana Mines R. Co. United '
States Circuit Court of Appeals. 148. I
Rep. (379.' ' 1
In Miller v Christman, 140 Cal. 445 <
in speaking of the location of (
an oil claim the court said: The ;
location of oil claims is governed by
the mineral laws applicable to the loca- '
tion of placer mining lcaims. The two '
requirements admittedly essential to the }
validity of a location such as this are :
That the location must be distincly '
marked upon the ground so that the J
boundaries can be readily traced, and '
that there must be a discovery of mm- *
erals within the limits of the land lo- '
cated. . . 1
It is now well settled that a discovery '
of mineral within the limits of the claim '
is an essential to the validity of the lo
cation in'the case of placer as it in the
lode locations.
New England etc. Oil Co. v. Congdon .
125 Cal. 213. * *
There was a serious controversy be- {
tween counsel during the argument as .
to whether the plaintiff Garibaldi's tes
timony showed that he had made a dis- l
coverry of gold within the limits of the
claim. The following is the complete j
testimony of the witnesses to- dis- .
covery as disclosed by the short hand
reporter's notes of the trial : *
Ques. You were present in assisting '
in prospecting the claim and taking sum- (
pies out? a
Ans. Yes sir.
Ques. Just describe what you did?
Ans. Just took two pans of dirt and f
prospected them, one at each place, two
places. r
Ques. That was before you located f
there?
Ans. Yes sir.
Ques. You found— (The reporter here c
failed to obtain the remainder of the "
(Coefinued on page 8)
THOUSANDS OF TROUT
FRY NEED ATTENTION.
Caught in Pot Holes in the
Bed of a Small Creek They
Will Die Unless Rescued
Mr W. W. Word of 60 Castro street,
San Francisco, came down from Silver
Lake Monday, and he reports a condition
existing at the southern or western end
of the lake which should be remedied
by all means. There is a creek which
rises some distance down In Amador
county, and empties into the lake during
the winter, spring and early summer,
but late in the summer or early fall it
dries completely up near the lake, and in
consequence thousands upon thousands
of trout fry are caught in the pot holes,
where they graudally die. At the time
Mr Word was at Sliver Lake, he and
another gentleman dipped more than
25,000 of, the young trout out of the
holes and put them into the lake. They
estimated that there were 100,000 of the
fry already dead, and more than double,
that number yet land-bound with the
water slowly drying up, with the cer
tainly that they will all be dead in a
week or ten days unless they are dipped
out into vessels and carried to the .take.
This little stream is one of the greatest
natural breeding places for trout in the
State, and in the past seasons the fish
and game commission have had a dairy
man, who keeps his herd on Plasse
meadows during the summer, attend to
dipping the fry out of the holes when
the creek begins to dry up and trans
ferring them to the lake. For some
reason the matter was not attended to
this year and the result will be an aw
ful loss of fine young trout. Silver Lako
is in Amador county, but many persons
from this city visit it during the sum
mer, and we are therefore interested in
keeping the supply of fish in its waters.
No finer trout fishing is to be found in
the state than that which is found at
Silver Lake, and the natural breeding of
trout in the small streams keep its
waters well stocked.— El Dorado Nugget.
Classy Photo.
it takes / lino . workmanship, ox
peiionce nuil tbo bust ot apparatus
to turn out a' "Classy , I'Lotoflrnph"
in Hioho day 3 of strenuous ciotn-
petilion. Of course wLou you bavo
your picture taken yon vvmit the very
best, uepecially when the best costs
no mmc than work of inferior
quality. LIKJAN, the premier pboto
gaplier of Stockton, is fully prepared
to give you tbis bolter class of
Photo's. Visit bia studio at 15 S.
Sun Jouquiu St., Stockton, when
you are hi town.
Big Timber Land Deal
A deed comprising 21 pages of type
written matter was recorded in this
county a few days ago, by the terms qf
which the Big Trees Improvement Co.,
incorporated under the laws of Cali
fornia,' conveys to Charles F. -Ruggles,
of Manistee, Michigan, 24,431.47 acres
of timber land, situated in Calaveras and
Amador counties, together with personal
property ; subject to a mortgage held by
the Central trust Company of San Fran
cisco. The consideration stated in the
deed is $10. The deed is signed by F.
J. Solinsky as president, and T. C.
Tognazzini, secretary. The authority to
make this transfer was given by a
favorable vote of 18750 shares, or more
than two-thirds of the total capital stock.
The land in this county is believed to
be a portion of that eld by the Amador
Lumber Company which in this county
is assessed for 21.495 acres. Whether
this transfer of large tracts of timber
land means the inauguration of enter
prises to get the timber to market, or
merely is a speculative move, we are
not prepared to say.
Hospital Repairs
A repesentative of the Ledger visited
the county hospital this week, and was
shown the urgency of certain repairs to
the premises and grounds. The interior
is neat and clean in every way. The
roof, however, is old and leaky—day
light showing in many places. The
gutters are rotten and in many places
have disappeared. Outside stairway
is also, shabby. The foundation of the
porch needs attending to. Woodshed
and wash-house .will leak badly unless
repaired. The fence dividing the hospi
tal and Ginocchio lot is entirely gone,
and that along the creek and the Eudy
place is in bad shape. There can be no
dispute about the need of considerable
repair work upon the buildings and
fences, and the supervisors are ex
pected to take action to that end be
fore the rainy season. commences.
Soothes itoulug skill, lleala outs
or burua without a near. Cures piles,
eozemu, salt ibeutn, auy itching.
Doiiu'a Ointment Your druggist cells
it.
SELLING OUT
We are going out of business,
and are now offering our entire
stock at cost prices. Everything-
must be sold. Now is the time to
get bargains. Come and get our
prices and save money.
GROCERIES
PROVISIONS
Crockery, Glassware, Etc
MARELIA & BOGISICH.
Broadway Grocery Store
KILLED IN UTICA MINE
Jas H Sargent of Middle
Bar One of the Victims
A message was received from Angels
Camp on Tuesday that James Harden
burg Sargent, a young man born and
raised at Middle Bar in this county, had
met a violent death that morning in the
Utlca mine. From the meager reports
it appears that young Sargant was work
ing with two others, one of them named
Thomar Arthur. They had fired a
round of holes, and retreated to a place
of safety for the blasts to be exploded.
As soon as the smoke had cleared away,
Arthur. and Sargent went to the face.
Arthur noticed some pieces of debris
falling, which to him assumed the
character of a danger signal. He called
to Sargent to stand back.- Sargent, how
ever, jokingly replied that it was safe
enough. Arthur therefore grabbed Sar
gent in the effort to force him out of
harm's way. Just then a mass of rock
cave down upon them both, killing them
instantly. The other man was not in
volved in the cave, and escaped unhurt.
Sargent was the youngest son of Air and
Mrs A. J. Sargent, the pioneer settlers
of Middle Bar in this county. He was
32 years of age, and born and raised on
the old homestead at the Bar. He had
been working at the Utica mine but a
short time. He was employed at the
Kennedy last year, and from there he
went to the copper mine at Camp Seco,
leaving there to go to Angels.
He leaves a widowed mother, two
brothers, J. L. Sargent of Jackson, and
F Sargent of Monterey county.
• The funeral was held yesterday, in
terment on the homestead tract at
Middle Bar, where his father and other
relatives are resting.
Beating Slot Machines
Nickel-in-the-slot machines that pay
cash are illegal devices, but neverthe
less they are tolerated in some counties,
Amador among the number. Being
illegal it is an open question whether a
prosecution based on a palpable effort to
secure their contents by unfair methods
could be made to stick. This condition
of affairs has led to creation of profes
sional slot machine beaters. There are
different ways of beating the 'machines,
the latest experience in this city being
the neatest of all. A pair of sports
struck the camp recently. They were
slot machine fiends, but not to lose
money by the game. They were expert
players. After dropping a few nickels
or quarters in the capacious maw, by a
deft slight-of-hand turn, the machine
was made to dump its contents of coin
into the possession of the player. Its a
money making scheme, and the schemers
are immune from prosecution. Of
course the saloonmen quickly catch on
to the beaters, but the professionals
tarry not long enough to be interfered
with, and pass on to raid the next camp.
Keel liuiKiiid, weak, ruu-dowuY
Headache? Mtomaou "nff'-Just a
nluiii ease of lazy livei. Uurdock
Mood Hitters touea liver iitul
Btomacti, promotes digestion, puiiiies
the blood.
Phears' Express.
King up Sum Pbear tot prompt de
livery ot triiuke, baggape and express
packages. Itatea reasonable. Leave
orders with l\ L. Cassiuelli, phone
Main :r»;'miil Expross ofilce, Mala 34;
reiideuae MuoU :»7 1.
Purnlturo Moved,
You can Ret your BllYhtods,
Iv6'*,er Heads etc., prlnTprt-at
the Ijfdjrpr for less than you
<»i buy blank stock for else
where.
TRY IT,
Five Cents Per Copy.
Hotel Arrivals
Globe
Thursday— Jas Mcßride, Sacramanto;
A. U. Webdery, Amador; James Wood
worth, San Francisco; Mrs Emery Tin
ton, Shasta; Annie Murray, lone; P.
Morryhan, Latrobe.
Friday— B. A. Farmer, Stockton ; W.
Pitt, Pine Grove; Jerry Jones and wife,
Mammoth; F. Burke, Louisville, Ky. ;
Geo. Lievre, New York; F. Gorman,
Angels; W. Moore, Copper Hill; Arthur
Roberts.
Saturday— H. A. Dennison, Sacra
mento; Chas. Bambridge, Oakland; Mrs
Hattie Frakes, Shake Ridge; L. Kim
ball, Volcano; John Brown, Stony Creek;
W. M. Hanley, New York Ranch; W.
M. Jacobs, San Francisco, Rachel B.
Huey, Chico; A. Newman, Pine Grove.
Sunday— J. Giannini, Volcano ; J. C.
Werly, Madera; R. Molinare, Electra;
W. M. Mismore, Tuolumne Co. ; John
McGill, Seattle, Washington; G. Blan
chard;W. Ludekens, Pine Grove; Miss
Clare Widle, Mrs G. Giles, San Fran
cisco; Gubery, San Francisco.
Monday— Chas. McCormick, Stockton;
H. Roberts, Gait; E Ellsworth, Wood
land; A. Russell, Woobridge; John I.
Henderson, M. Newman, San Francisco.
Tuesday— J. W. Peterman; F. Mine
sini San Francisco; M. Hammer lone;
I. C. Woodcock and wife, Mokelumne
Hill; P. Bianchi Amador.
Wednesday— Hans Matrich, San Fran
cisco E. Bales, Amador.
National
Thursday— E. Platt, Chicago;. Paul T.
Fleisher, E.A. Hamahan, San Francisco;
F. Grassi, J. Cooley; Sacramento.
Friday— F. Reeb, Roy C Jones. F. D.
Teller, San Francisco ; Wm Bodyield,
Henry W. Marks, Sacramento.
Saturday— Geo. A. Gray, R. H.
Graves, Stockton; F. Baumeister, H.
Cramer, J. E. Nelson, J. A. Ransall,
San Francisco; Grove L. Johnson and
wife, Sacramento; J. F. Martin, lone
R. S. Crookston, Al Woodfolk, Electra.
Sunday— M. E. McCaskey, Edgewood.
Monday— Leopold Levy, J. C. Ew
banks ,H. S. Horr, C. H. Steeman, H.
C. Ganden, J. M. Taylor, J. Sullivan,
San Francisco Earle Wayne, Sacramento
E. R. Turner, Tonopah, Nev.
Tuesday— T. C. Woodcock, Moke
lumne Hill;W. H. Mitchell and wife,
Valley Springs; E. H. Harrington, Ama
dor; J. H. Sheehy, J. Sullivan, San
Francisco; H. Silberton, G. L. Price,
Sacramento R. O. McKean.
Wednesday— S. Martin, J. F. Newell, *
E. M. Fisher, J. J. McMahon, J.
Green, A. Cattu, C. Ewbank, W. L.
Banbridge, San Francisco W. J. Currie,
Chicago.
School Statistics
School superintendent W. H. Green*
halgh reports for the year July I, 1908,
to June 30, 1909, that the number of
teachers employed in the schools of Ama
dor county was 63— males 8 females 55
The average daily attendance of pupils
was 1235. The amount paid for teachers
salaries was $31,004.50, exclusive of
the lone union high school. The valu
ation of school lots, buildings and
furniture is placed at $77,336. During
the year the school superintendent made
92 visits to the schools under his
charge.
liy I'uyii't! mII arrears ami SIS In ad
vauce, eulifcrltiers ouu' net Ledger
unit daily Him I'mm-is-co liulletlu (or
ouo year.AMADDR LEDBER
Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEBB Editor and Proprietor
> SUBSCRIPTION IMTESt
On» year (la adrnnoe 13 CO
One year (It not in advance) .„ % Wi
Kl* months „ I 00
Three months „..,: „. OM
One or more copies, each. . . , ,.,.,,,,  , .».•••..  , 0 6
Legal advertising— p«r square o( KM ems-Klrst Insertion '. 11.00
Subsequent Insertions— pc : i'iuare-oach 60
.
EsrF.iiKii at Tns POSTorrics at jacksos as shcond-clasa matteii.
TH f^ PA PPR M k °f l on nl ° At Fl - °- "AKK'3 Advertising Agency, T7O Market Btroot
**!*•* * «•* X»l\ Ban Francisco, California, where contracts for advortislng can bo mado
for It
FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 17, 1000
Alex Biown, chairman of the state board of equalization,
in a conversation with San Joaquin people, is reported to
have stated, for the purpose- of reconciling them to the
boest given to the assessment roll of that county by the state
equalizers, that the county would gain rather than 'lose by
the raise — meaning of course that the aggregate lift of assess
ment rolls throughout the state, aud the reduced state levy
based thereon, would more than compensate, so far as San
Joaquin is concerned, for the lower assessment roll and the
higher state levy that would have been inevitable had the
board of equalization taken no , action. In enlarging upon
the subject he said he believed in a high assessment and a
low tax rate, rather thau a low assessment aud a high tax
rate. In most of the counties of California the tax rate was
close up to the danger point. The idea was conveyed that a
certain amount had to be raised to support Che local govern
ment, and it made no real difference to the property holder
whether he paid $2 tax on $100 assessed valuation, or $1
per $100 on a $200 valuation, while the last named proposi
tion looked much the more inviting to the intending settler.
This process of reasoning is sound enough in theory, but is
not borne out by actual practice. It suits the exigencies of
the state government just now. More money was needed to
lubricate the machinery. Two ways were open to get it.
One was to clap on a heavier tax rate, which would fall upon
every taxpayer. The other was to boost the assessment iv
certaiu low-listed counties, which would place the burden
upon the property holders in the uplifted counties. The
latter was considered the preferable route. Now the advice is
handed out that if all county assessors would bring up their
property to a closer approximation to "actual cash value,''
a lower tax rate^for both state and county purposes would be
the result, and the tenderfoot immigrant would not be scared
at the prospect of the excessive demands for governmental
expenses. However plausible the plan may appear to the
uuinitiated. Mr Brown ought to know that in practice it has
proven very disappointing. It has been tried in Amador
county more than once, aud each time the people have been
called upon to pay increased taxes. Our present county as
sessor made a general arbitrary increase of assessed valua
tions, being prompted thereto, in a measure at least, by the
expectation that a corresponding reduction would be made in
the tax rate. But the decreased rate never materialized, and
the average taxpayer had to contribute to the public treasury
a larger sum than before. The truth is, local government
expenses, like those of the state iustitution, have been in
creasing by leaps and bounds at a much faster gait than the
actual increase of property values. The county managers
are anxious for party reasons to avoid the displeasure attach
ing to raising the tax levy. But a padded assessment roll or
a drop of a few cents in the state rate, furnishes the oppor
tunity to swell the treasury without increasing the rate per
$100. Aud such opportunities are rarely allowed to go by
default. In Amador county in years gone by we have mau
aged to get along fully as well as we do now on a lower tax
rate with an assessment roll fully twenty-five per cent less
than at present. No doubt Amador county is not an excep
tion in this respect. Similar experience has been met with
all along the line. Every arbitrary boost of assessment
valuations establishes a new basis for getting more money
for local purposes without incurring the odium of swelling
the tax rate. It is probably this feature of the situation that
stirs the ire of the people in the southern part of the state,
where the assessment boosts have been chiefly made. They
know the sophistry of the argument that a big property roll
means a proportionate lowering of the tax rate.
The southern part of the state is seriously discussiug the
question of secessiou. Mass meetings are being held to foster
the new state movement. The people are thoroughly worked
up over the slap admiuistered by the state board of equaliza
tion in raising their assessments. The soreness over that
action will take a long time to heal, but state division does
not offer much relief. It was anything but a politic move —
even conceding its justness — to raise u.p a sectional issue iv
that fashion.
Editorial Column
IS IT SO?
Jlns^bMolumft
ir^il 1 j • F° r Infanta and Chlldron.
Pi!fcfi^roH'''' ie ou " aye
iSrtQftilJ ' ""■ i iliiiii».~.| | j nillUlw MUUnlll
IririSj' lI I AIA'OIWL 3 PER CENT. 1
B*M AVcgdaWclYrpantfionfbrAs- t» j.i . W
IBIS ? l 'y al p t ' ieß)otfa '»iß^ufr .Boars. tH6 f^ \
pll 111111111111 Signature //jj*
Hi 1 1 : Promotes DigesttonJCMii nf A\ Atr
EiSa mss and ItestXontalnsneiitar #V\ Vr'
PwuM Op' l ""-Morphine norMiueral. fli 11 1 f*
iffl ii . HxtptofOldDrSAMJlinilMn, \ I y \
K^lin It Mt.Smmt * \ \ i£\ B _ ■
Mai*. JMitt/eSatts- I ! ml |P% •' 111
pgfio| ftf*** \ ft 1/1* I'l
D'/tfc'r mIIi WirmSrnl- ' I I jJL. Jf * ■* ■■
I; cia" 1 ,! cimDrii am* . i ; AVtvk D I-^ tx
vtWM\ " M y"' / ' imiß ; i r \r a\* 11 S P
lliii Aperfect Remedy EorCtaisflpa- I I.X
iilS < lion, Sour Stomacli.Dlarrlioca I . Blv p a
iaSgy Worras.Coitvulsions.rcwrish- \W pHP Illf Ql*
Ifflgi [ nessandLoss OF SLEEP. \J I. 11l Uwul
|| iijir : thirty Years
piJlc^ I NEW YORK. ■ ■■■■ ij IUUIVi
Exact Copy of Wrapper. the obmtauii •ohmmt. miw »omi orrr.
LOW .RATES 1 I
Alaska Yukon Pacific
Exposition 1
FOR ROUND^tmP TICKETS I
FROM :> : v 8
San Francisco - 32.5$ San Jose - 32.50 |
Lathrop - - 32:50 Fresno - 32.50 1
Stockton - - 32*56 Barkersiiekl - 39.10 |
Sacramento - 32.50 Santu Barbara 41.65 1
| Greatly reduced rates from other points in Califor- 1
nia- Stopover tickets sold daily May 25 to Soptem- |
ber 30, and cover two month's trip going and corning I
via the famous 1
SHASTA ROUTE I
Of the
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Your choice of return via, Portland and the Yellow-
stone National Park at slightly higher rates. Through
Pullman sleeping-car service daily from Portland 1
direct to Yellowstone. 1
Write or call on nearest agent- for full details of
etc., or address i
Dept. Adv., 975 Flood Building, San Francisco
for information.
JGINOCCHIO BIH) f S.|
-v~n~v^^ DEALBRB IN -M
I General Merchandise!
H| * • Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, m.
M «|§r Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining fH
M ?K Supplies, Lumber, Hardware, Hay, m
M . Grain, etc., etc. iM
xv ' Corner Main and Water St. 'M
I JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA I
THE BEGINNING OF
A LONG JOURNEY
GEORGE HERBERT BOHN
(Copyright, IDO9, by American Press A*fO<
clAtlon.J
A Tow .voni'H ngo I wns obliged to
connect between two rnllrondn by stnge
coach, r liml been (loins Mime hard
(in vclliif:. wna tlrei 1 . m.l, mid my IterTui
were Boiicinll.r linstrtlUtf. The only
other ptlMcjiSura in tliu ioir-Ii wrro mi
old KontliMiuin mid n yotin^ liuly whom
l preiuniiHl to be his dutifflitor. They
•X'cuplcd lliu bark hcul nnd I the front,
There wns no tnlddlu rout. Indeed, the
cofl ell WiiH n Hinnll. Mhubliy affair, v
gbost of the solid. hnposlMK vclllclo In
which our nncestoi'h uh«l Io rli'c. Uoth
Window*) were ti[>. nnd. tlilnkliij; (<> in>
prove the tilr. which seemed to me L>
lie very MlulT.v. I let down the one neM
to whk-li I was Klttlnj,'. Tin; ybun^
Indy «nt directly opposite me niirl
when I lowered the window cast nil
iipprehenslvo Rlilhce ut her lather, nil*
other nt me. then coolly put the win
dow buck In Sis place.
I {Oil ulu? been it man I here would
huve been nil explosion then n ml t!ici'e.
A:) It .. wnA. I set lli.V lips toj'.cU/.'r.
bri'illlieii hard mid riwUcd my brtllll for
v Kent U'liir. iily hlcnira of crilrtlil'.iK her.
At last. llndiiiK what 1 cbuslilH'&l a
liniic.vtvl Hj'tiiidurbolt. I Inlincbed it..
••.Miul:u!i." I began 'icily, "lind yon"
"I5c;; yo;:i' paidon, sir. lint 1 inn not
inailam." .: \ ~
This took away so.mptlrtii|/ i ?'f''Ti/e v
steel cold sls:irpnc.:'-M iif ' \vli:U T'lihcT'Yo
say. for I couldn't begin with "Ml::s;"
it would sound ridiculous.
"I iißSitre you," I begnn agalu, "that
v,hi>tlier you nre uilsa or mr.dam
million no dll Terence whatsoever in thia
instance. I was about to say"—
"It iiinkcs pome difference to me
whethci 1 or no I am addressed prop
erly."
I waited n few mouients.
"Had you." I began n third time,
"said to me. 'May I ask you to allow
the window to remain closed, my
father b;<lns delicate and I fcaviug a
draft for him?! I would certainly"—
"Had you said. "Do you object to my
lowering the window/ I would have
had an opportunity to tell you wheth
er I wished It open or closed. You
look It upon yourself to lower it, and
I therefore took It upon myself to
close It."
"Technically you are right, really
wrouj:. With a stuffy atmosphere like
this It Is to be presumed that you
would prefer at least one. open win
duw. 'Common politeness compelled
me to lower it." . •■ *
"And common protection of my
right to . lie consulted iv the matter
compelled 1 , nio to raise. It",
1 , knew in my heart' that ' I was
wroiig. but when the nerves are the
mainspring of one's nets one gets deep
er into I lie mire.
'■I have -supposed." I replied after
some silence, "that a woman's
strength is in her weakness. Granting
your rl^ht to be consulted— aud J con
cede you this right as one of the soft
er so:;"— 1 |»ut an unnecessary inflection
on the word ' "softer"-"aa to granting
this risbt. I say. would It uot have
been mere effective with a gentleman
to have"—
"With si fccutlemnn. yes."
"Ycu luust excuse me." I retorted
hotly, "from further discussion with
cne who forgets"—
'At this point eomothiug occurred to
stop my epee.ch— something tbat filled
me with astonishment. The old gen
tleman." who had been paying no at
tention to our tilting, took an orange
out of his pocket, tore off a large
piece of the rind anfl threw It out of
the closed window^ It went right
through the glass without sound or
resistance I put my hand where I
had supposed the pane to be. nnd there
was lio pane there.
The young 'lady burst Into a merry
laugh.
Ordinarily I should have laughed
too. Hut in addition to a headache
nnd (strained nerves I hnd placed my
self In n false position und about noth
ing. • V;
"Did y«;u know (here was no glass
there V" I n*l<cd In the same cold tone
as before.
"From the first."
"Then your fear of a draft upon your
fntber"—
"This gentleman Is uot my father,
nor is he with me. I don't think he
lihr undei'Htood whnt we Lave been
talking about. I heard him speaking
German with the driver. Yon acted
without consulting him or mo, so I
concluded to"—
"Teach me politeuesß."
liy way of reply she took ! up a
lunch box nnd. opening It. handed me a
chicken sandwich. 1 took It nnd sev
eral more, following them up with
other entnbloH. Then I took out my
flask and washed the whole down with
a stiff horn. I was about to take out
my cigar case when I stopped sud
denly. .
"Do you object to smoke?" I asked
politely.
"Not nt all," sbo replied, with a
smile.
"Nor tbat confounded old fellow be
side you?"
"I can't tell, not speaking his lan
guage. nut since lie Is a German I
presume he doesn't, nesldes, there la
plenty of fresh air coming In through
the closed window."
Whether It was the lunch or the mel
iow corn juice or a pair ..r dimples I
now noticed flanking th>> girl's smOfi,
the rest of the Journey was us delight'
lul as Us beginning bad been uapl«u*
tint. Indeed, It has never ended. Ttt.%
"hi and I are traveling on through Of*
111 company. .• . ,
OFFICIAL 'MAP"
—OF..
Amador County
vej-s by D. C. CAIU TON, showing
township and school district bound-
at ice, ownership of all Innds according*
to assessment roll of IUO4, m'inora!
cliiiinc, uanal?, location o f all echool-
houscs; also a tovvnslto man of princi-
pal towns, namely Jackson, Sutter
Creok, lone, Ama:lor City, Drjtown,
Plymouth «nd Volcano.
Sine (J b l y JBf foot
Price, colored & niounted $10
Plain and unmounted - $5
Sold only at
AMADOU LEDGER OFFICE
Sunset VnlolTTl '. / . Co pi ml 683 f
i j; The F: ? THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaalnq Works
Dyeing- und Cli-aning Dress Goods.
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty.
] 101 2-1 Oth st Sacramento
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
lUlitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
Terms reasonable. jnel
1 • --••-' '' '■•>'■■>■'■■•: ■■■
Globe Hotel j
f ■"' ■" ' w ■ ■• I
J | ' NEW MANAGEMENT. ' '
o MRS. ANNIE HUHST....Prop'r \\
|| Board and Lodging ;■
J I AT REASONABLE RATES. * '
\ I Sample Rooms for Commer- ] I
! ! clal Travelers. J ',
J | All Stages stop at this hotel. ' '
ii. JACKSON CAL; ii
J [ m j' ' '
MMMM>MH ♦♦«»»><♦
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic)
Wines* Liquors* Cigars
JACKSON CAL.
DISTRIBUTING AGENTS FOR J. F. WAR-
tell Cognao, Moet ti Cbaudoo. While S«al
and Private Cuvee Champagne; Morgan Hros.
Puerto de Santa Maria Bberrles: Royal Wine
Company, Oporto. PortWlDes; Duboa FTcreg.
Uordeaux. Clarntg and Bauternes ; CA NAOI AS
CLUB WHISKY. Ulram Walker £ Bout, I.lm-
lted, Walherville. Ontario Canada: Jf).r. d»
Uu.vper&Zoon, Cotlerdam, ' am; Ullhu iCv.im-
mcl, from J. A, Gllka. Uerlin; I3artMccn.ay
Brewery Company, Rocbeiiter, N. V,, Knicker-
bocker Beer; Uogshead llraml of Uuui<*»,
siuut and Hum' Ale (bottled by Read Hrr-a.,
London): Cantrvll & Cocbrane, lit'lfam, fi'.i »er
Ale; Nagleo llruudy; KolDoorted Aictriran
Wblihte*.
J. A. Vanderpool
the:harness main
Plymouth. Cal.
Has on hand a full line of Harness
ami Hardesg Fixtures, Saddles*
Jsiidlcs und Robes. Uuyyics
an.'. Carriu«c tops mado
to order.
Also has on hand a lino of
that well known and thcr-
ughly tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggios.Amador County
Descriptive Article
Amntlor county comprises nn area of
43 square miles. It lies on tho wpb
ern slopo of Sierra Novado'nounUlns,
nd omoraces within It? territory nil
.ho dtvofßlty of vnlloy, foothill, nnd
ligh mountainous lands.
Climate.— Tho cllinato of tho popu
oub portions of tho county Is as genial
md healthful as can bo found anywhero
n California. As cllmato Is ono of the
cost valuablo assets of this favored
itate in attracting population, Amador
itnnds second to no county in thisro*
jard. It should, and no doubt will in
'ime, when Its climatic advantages are
nore thoroughly understood and up
ireclated, liecomo ahoalth resort not
inly for those In loss favored states,
DUt for the residents of other parts of
California. Tho temperature alone tho
:ontral portion rarely falls below 30
tegreos above zero In winter, nnd as
•arely rises to 100 degrees In tho sum
ncr. Snow seldom falls in tho settled
lißtrietP, and nover remains on the
iround for more than a fow hours. Of
iourso, In tho high mountain regions
of eastern Amador the snowfall Is very
heavy— which Is characteristic of the
entire Sierra Nevada range. The sum
mer season is ahvay accompanied with
:00l nights; permitting of sound, re
freshing slumber. Fogs are rare, cy
clones are unknown, thunderstorms are
nfrequent.
; Gold Mlnlng.-The county, although
rich in othor sources or wealth, com
paratively untouched, is noted prin
cipally for her quartz mines. The
deepest gold mines In America are lo
cated here. Tho Kennedy mlno is now
taking gold In liberal quantities from
quartz extracted from a depth of over
3000 feet below tho surface, with every
indication that tho pay -ore extends to
a much greuter depth. Since the dis
covery of gold, tho county has contrib
uted fully 8100,000000 to the world's
supply of the precious metal. Tho
mines are stilt yielding at tho rate of
about two million dollars annually.
Nearly all of this wealth Is produced by
eight or ten mines operating on what
Is called tho "mother lode," stretching
clear across tho county In a north-east
erly direction a distance, of twenty
miles. Tho mines aggregate between
400 and 500 stamps, and furnish em
ployment for over 1000 miners. This
industry is still in its infancy. The
unexplored territory, even along the
maiu cold belt, is far in excess of tbo
ground that has actually been worked
or prospected. The county offers to
day ono of the most inciting fields to
be found anywhere in the world for the
Investment of capital in tho fascinating
business of gold mining, not alone along
the mother lode, but also In the almost
untouched mineralized country ot tho
east belt, some tenor twelve miles from
the main lode.
Besides gold, we have copper, de
posits of pottery, coal, imarbe, slate,
limestone, granite, and-soapstono or
talc-all undeveloped.
Agricultural Capabilities.— The agri
cultural possibilities equal, If not excel,
the mineral riches. The valley lands
will produce anything that can be
grown in the most favored sections.
In tho foothill lands all kinds of decid
uous fruits thrive: also all kinds of
vegetable are raised where irrigation
ie practicable along the numerous water
courses. Further up In tho mountains,
at an iiltitudo of 2000 to 2500 feet, the
soil Is admirably adapted for apples
und potatoes. A ready market for
many times the quantity now raised of
these commodities can be found in tho
various mining towns.
Grape culture and wlnemakmg are
becoming Important Industries, both
the grapes and.wlno commanding a
better price thUn tho product of the
lowland .
Land la cheap compared with other
California lands. Improved farms may
bo secured for one-fourth the price
current in some places. Unimproved
lands can bo had from $5 to 810 per
aero. It does not require a fortune to
buy a small ranch. There is room for
a largo addition to our agnculural pop
ulation. Vast tracts now devoted to
vattlo ranges might bo made tho homes
of hundreds of prosperous farmers.
Amador has a populasion of less than
12000. Three fourths of this Is concen
trated In a strip of three mllos above
und below tbo mineral belt. • .
Jackson, the county seat, has about
2000 Inhabitants, and Una Incorporated
•uity ot tho Bixth class. Other towns
■arc Suttor Creek, Amudor City, Dry
town, Plymouth, Volcano, Pine Grove
and Oletu. lone City is the moiropolU
of the valloy section, a thriving town
•of 1000 Inhabitants.
The community Is law abldlnsr. Edu
cational facilities are excellont. A
schoolhouse is within easy roach of
nearly every family. Thore is ono high
school, located at lone.
The assessment roll for 1909 U $">.—
800,793, und the tax rate for both stuto
und county purpoeea $2 on tho 8100.
Tho Southern Poclflo has a branch
rullroad running to lone. From this
point the 1000 and Uastoru railroad ox
tends 14 mlloj furlluM" to tho mining
riectloa.
. Tho various religious denominations
and fraternal orguclzatloos aro well
represented.
The power plant of the Standard
Klectrio Co— ono of the lurgelt in the
world— is located four miles from Jack*
BOU. •
FAIR PLAY AN
AMERICAN TRAIT
Can you Find us a Man, Woman
or Child in This Broad. Free
Land Who Will Not Agree
With Us.
Everyone is entitled to a show, and all we claim? Would it not be suicide
that is all the Bilers Music Company for us to bring all these points up for
asks, regardless of what anyone may tell you to inquire into, and then be unable
you. Be fair to yourselves and give us to demonstrate to your satisfaction the
an opportunity to show you our line of truth of our statements? A show we are
; high-grade pianos, and find out personal- entitled to, not because we say so, but
ly how little money it takes to own a because the American people as a body
i really Hrst—class instrument. You know stand together on this very point, and we
It is 'unreasonable for you to expect are frank to say that we are willing to
someone who has pianos to sell himself take our chances in the good old U. S.
. to tell you the many good makes of pianos A.
we handle, and the extremely low Hgure Get this slatement once more: We
i we sell them for, consequently we ask control the very best piano agencies that
you to give us an opportunity to do this can be secured on earth. We sell the
very thing ourselves, and also we want same or a better grade instrument for
enough of your time to explain to you less money than can be procured in any
our easy payment plan, which permits other piano house outside of one of
i you to have a piano in your home at Eilers Music Co's stores. We have a
. once. It mattters not how many other larger assortment to select from. We
obligations you may have to meet. We give better opportunities to pay for a
know that we have the reputation of sell- p i an o, and you get with your instrument
• ing fine pianos for a much less price an Eilers guarantee, which has no loop-
than anyone else can.offer. We know we holes, a simple, plain ordinary agree-
, have this reputation, for the simple rea- m ent in the English language,
son that we know we do exactly that. Listen to this, will you? Money back
Now if the above statements are untrue, if you are not satisfied. Again we ask
i at least convince us in person and not you, give us a show, and putthe saving
i leave it to hearsay. % , j n the bank for a rainy day. Eilers
' Frankly, would we dare to put the mat- Music Company, Mail building, Stock-
ter thus plainly to you unless we knew ton, R,. S. Irvjne, Mgr.
that we are in a position to demonstrate
A Traveling Man's Experience
1 mast tell you my experience on
an East botiud O. K. & II N. K. tram
from t'oudetou to LeGrande, Ore.,
writes Ijain A. Uarber, a well known
traveling man., I was in tbe smoking
department with some other traveling
men when one of them went out into
the uoacb, and came back and said
There is a woman sick unto death in
tbe car. lat once got up and went
out, found tier very ill with cramp
coilo; her bands and arms were
drawn. up bo you could not straight;
en them, aud with a death-like look
on her face. Two or there ladiea were
working with her and giving her
whiskey. 1 went to n.y suit case and
got mv bottle of Chambniiain's
Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea Koaieriy
1 never travel without it), ran to
the water tank, put a double rlose ot
tbe medicine in tbe glnss, poured
sonio watei into if. and stirred it with
a pencil; then I bad quite a time to
get the ladies to let me give it to her,
but 1 succeeded. 1 could at once see
tbe effect and worked with her, rub
bing ber liacda, and in twenty
minutes 1 gave ber another dose. ISy
this time we were almost into Le
Grande, where 1 was to leave tbo
train. 1 gave tbe bottle to tbe bus
band to be used in ease another dose
should bo needed, but by tbe time
the train ran into L.c Grande she
was nil right, and 1 leceived tbe
thanks of eveiy passenger in tbe oar.'
Il'orI I ' or sale by <laukspn Drug titore
Spagnoli, Prop. '
Value of Laughter.
'"Having vainly tried many and vari
ous remedies to restore to health a
business mint whom I know and who
had fallen luto a morbid condition
owing to years of overwork, a famous
Baltimore physician at last persuaded
his patient to take a course of funny
stories, one at each meal, with an ex
tra two at dinner," said a Baltimore
man. "The patient, a solemn and
gloomy fellow, nt first rebelled, but
finally, falling In with tbe Idea, adopt
ed the course recommended and was
In the end .restored to health, tbe ef
fect of laughter being entirely to
change his mental and bodily condi
tion. Laughter, in fact, is one of the
cheapest nud most effective of medi
cines, breaking up stagnation of mind
and body, uud sending a healthy .vibra
tion through one's s.vstuin. There is
very little tho matter with the m:in
who can enjoy n hearty laugh."—Nash
ville Tehncsseenu.
Cheapest aocidont insurance— Dr.
Thomas' Kleotrio Oil, Stops tbe pulu
and beals tbe wouud. All druggieta
sell it.
SINGER
Jl'iJlii" Sixty- Six "
Tho latest result of fffty years' ex-
perience in making Sewing machines
for family use.
Machines sold on easy terms.
Absolutely the lightest-running lock
stitch Sewing Machine
A. W, STONE, Agent
aug2B JACKSON, OAL.
THE TONGUE.
It Appear* That This Organ Can Be
Eloquent Even When Silent.
From the observations made by a
physiognomist It appears that the
tongue when quite still can lie as elo
quent In giving Its owuer away ns
when it Is wnggiug sixteen lo the
dozen. This Is a hard fact for a silent
man to swallow— ln sileiire. Ills only
remedy is to keep well so as to obviate
the necessary Injunction ot the doctor
lo put his tongue out. for by this
thrust out sign the ductor shall know
him.
The longiio of tho t:i!l;er when »>b
irudetl ififlim's to the right side of the
mollth, we nre asked to believe, where
as I lie seldom used tongue jfnivltntcs
to the left side. Orators, preachers
ami barristers ure endowed with right
sided tongues. Verbally parsimonious
persons have loft sided tongues.
Furthermore. "the tongue ihut
shoots out straight without turning or
wavering Indicates a .solid, reliable
man of affairs." Tougues that turn
up indicate in. practical natures. A
downward, drooping tongue belongs
to a person born to poverty aud a
ready • eye for the hopeless side of
things.
Tlio cruel tongue Ha! tens and broad
ens when ps tended. The delicnte
speaking organ with curled up edges is
the property of nn imaginative and
artistic being. When tho tongue is
sues forth an if gripped in a dental
vise it signifies v love of life h'orc
than ordinary.
Finally wo nre warned (lint the In
dividual who thrusts forth his tongue
to Its extrcmest vergj is a person to
whom no secret should over be con
fided, for he Is an irresponsible Clint
terer.—London Chronicle.
Tho Great Changs.
"Tommy," suiil tuo teacher of the ju
venile chiss, "when ivutcr becomes ice,
what is Hie groat cuaisso Hint takes
pluco?"
"The cliflngo In price, 1 : replied Tom
my.—Kxchniigo.
Why tho Whistle Howled.
Passenger (on branch lino -say, why
duos tho engine* ill whys sol up such a
piteous howl lit this pnrlloulur spot?
Guiirtl— Ah! It was hen* the engineer
lirst mot uja wlfo.-Knnsns City Jour-
Till.
ANY LADY oau easily make from
118 00 to Kl'2s 00 per week working foe.
me quietly in her own iiooie locality.
This la a bonu tide utter— duo wbiflb
will pay you to luvestlogte. eveu if
you can only spare two hours per
day. No Investment required.
Turn your spate time into money.
Write me nt onoe (or particular**.
Addreess iJAUKIKI M. KICIIAUPS,
liox HO, Woman's Uuildlug, Jnliet,
Illinois. jy l-71tn
The A. Van der Naileii School
Of Civil, Elootrloul Mining Knglnooriujf, etc.
RSTAULISUED 1861.
Occupying thoir own Urge bulluiag, work-
shop huU laboratories.
Qreut demand (or ex-itudoaU ln> all Hues.
Now BtudouW should enroll at emeu.
TELEGRAPH AND Slit,
OAKLAND. CAL. uij-18
Bead for OttUlogue.
THE CHIEF VESTAL
NORA E. RECTOR
(Copyright, 1909. by American Press Aa«o
elation. |
111 I In; ntlddlu of (he fourth century
A. I), the struggle between paganism
and Christ lunlty nt Koine tvns draw-
Ing to n close. The Emperor Constnn
tine Ftlll innlntiilnod tbo worship of
the Immortal god«, hut Ills wife, tho
riiiprcss, secretly practiced the rites
of tho new religion. Nevertheless, since
pngnnlsin \rns us yet the established.
worship of the stnle, those who openly
avowed Christianity were Mtlll nme
nnblo to tbe Iprrllilcl prrl l ilc piitilslimcntft In
flicted by the earlier emperors.
Even the virgins appointed to keep
up the Hnered (Ire in the temple of
Ve.stn, loon ted In the center of the-
Itoumn forum, were liecotulng ilisstf
fected town I'd the religion uiuloir
which for n thousund yearn their or
der Inid enjoyed liumtlllliiblv privi
leges, Ho 'went was iho honor al fuelled
to the position of veslsil Ibat every
Hoiniin girl nsplred to the appoint
ment. There were but six of them.
dwelling in a uinrble house iirtir Hip
temple, Nerved by nuniemn* attend
ants n ml slaves. They were free t«>
go tinywl.ieri! nun t tended, ami In I lit*
Coliseum n spoil. 1 1 box op|»o»lle thai of
the emperor wits provided for them.
If, then, the religion of Jestlft wits be
ginning to nffert these most honored
of Romnn women. If It had ill rend)'
v/on over the pinpresn, would it not
soon carry wllh it the emperor; the
senate and the Monmn people?
One morning ('lirVidia. the chief
veslal. riding In her carriage for an
airing, saw tin; sun glistening on i lie
breastplates and liejnictu of n knot of
soldiers. When they came near they
halted and reverently made way for
her to pass. A prisoner whom they
Were conducting alone stood erect In
the presence of the sacred personage.
He was .Tilling Flavins, a young Chris
tian, who had openly refused to bow
his head nl tho sacrifices to Jupiter
and wns being taken to the Mniiiei'tluo
prison to be strangled.
- The vestal sat looking nt the man.
whose glance, rebellious at the rever
ence paid her pagan otHce, was lighted
by a lire far more sacred than that
over which she presided— love, lv the
two the conflicting religions met, and
Claudia, touched also by the only im
mortal pagan god. spiritually yielded
mastery to this servant of a new
deity.
"Take off his chains," said the vestal
to the officer In command. '
"An order front tbo emperor?'.' asked
the officer hesitatingly.
"Xo— by the privilege vested in me
as one of the six virgins appointed to
keep up the sacred fire. Whence came
you that you do not know that any
prisoner meeting one of our number
goes free? Let fall his chains."
i "Pardon,"#snld the officer, bowing
the knee humbly before her. "For
years I have served In Gaul, and many
of our home customs arc unknown to
me. Your sacred word is euougli."
Approaching tho prisoner, lie took
oil' his chains, and Julius Flavins stood
before his liberator n free man.
"You have deprived me of the bless
ings of martyrdom," lie said (6 her.
"but you have prolonged my life that
I may spread the faith of Jesus the
Christ. May he win you. too. Into the
true church."
Claudia made no reply.
She ordered her charioteer to drive on.,
Flavins stood looking after her. hop
ing that she would turn her head, but
she did not. When he came back lo
his surroiiudiiigs Uo stood nloue.
Above [lit 1 houso of I lib vestals tow
ered a wing of the imperial palace.
That night Claudia, elluiblns the
height, entered (be chamber of (he
empress and. tearing the lilet from her
brow, threw herself Into her imperial
mistress' arms and poured Into her
ear it renunciation of paganism, a con
fession of the i!P\v religion.
Aided by (ho new ally. Flavins ap
proached (he emperor ai:d besought
him to declare ns the religion of the
slate thai faith which he had already
adopted !:i bis liettrl. The appeal was
successful. When Iho morning came
nu edict went forth banishing tbe
heathen gods.
The edict was till Mini saved Claudia
from a terrible dealli. I'.ut paganism,
though It bad received Its deathblow,
was not ilead. and Claudia! before free
and honored among women, now dared
not :;L>tw her fnee- on Iho streets of
Koine. Cut Julius Flavins, whom she
1 •. : ul raved from martyrdom, was taken
up by tlif emperor and advanced as
(VCOIICPHEI'iU to the Christian faction.
In I lie Imperial ptiliico be again met
lie woman v.ho had snvrd his life
mil whoso liuinuiial koiil lie bad
nriKHl hi Iho w;ty v.t fa I vat lon. How
different i!i<- moetlr.',' from Hint when
Claudia was Vpkliilh Maxlnm nnd
Julllltr, loaded-wli lt « bains, was on Ids
way to tbe prison whore .lugai-tlta and
Hie QUMIIIH (-onsplralors had perished.
3She"y\-}ioin he no Hid but revere as a
)>n£sh "he worshiped as hln Clirlsiian
love.
In I lie I'Hliifl of the bouse of vorliilm
lit Itomo th.Te :•.:•«> n number of iietlos
tnln on wlikli niv I he. remains of
statues of the List of the vjrfiliw who
lived tliere. On ono Is an lit.sci'iptton
in Latin praising (lie Vestnj.'i Jiuxlum
for her many virtues and her pro
ficiency In the tenets of die pngntl re
llglou. One word of the Inscrlplloii
has been chiseled from Ibo nrirble—
the name of her whose praises fire
Houndid. But the lirst and last lullor
remain, the Unit nnd last of the word
ClrHtrtlil, It Is known Ihu'. at the llina
of this story n Wrtlnlu. Mnxiinu went
over lo.lhe new religion. Was the
Chuidlu wlio KUVtHI Julius Flavin* tbe
OlaudLt whose inline was erased from
the podetial and, the Vestiilu Maxima
cue and tbo same person. ? £=,;
ESTABLISHKD 1f1.V..
THE
AMADOR LEDGER
Published in the Center of the Richest
Mother Lode Gold Belt.
Printed every- Friday Afternoon
R. Webii, Editor and Proprietor.'
Tl^e Oldest
2v£ost Xxiil-uLerrtial
Ivdlost TTvTid.elTT- Cixciila/teca.
-A-rLd. 0n.13r All-Horae ZFrirrt
The Best Advertising Medium
Republican is politics
But the slave of no party
And the foe of all political and Oflicial Cliques and Rinps
Free and Independent in tbe discussion of al' matters pertaining to
t; the Local Government
Fearless in the ventillation and exposure of Official Wrong Doing
The Paper for the Family
For the Farmer
For the Miner
For the Merchant and Business Man
For the Taxpayers and Citizens Generally
Two Dollars per year I
If paid strictly in advance; otherwise 12.50 will be charged
OUR CLUBBING RATES:
Ledger and Dally Call, one yoar.l 9 00 Ledger and daily San Francisco
Lecger and Weekly Call one year 320 stP jetly In^dvanco. Any snbscri'ber
Lodger and Dally Chronicle, one can avail himself this offer by paying
ar g Qo up aerearago and than in advance.
Lecger'^ad'w^kiy'chronlci;; ' L £7ne^°ar m . oPo ! l . U . l !. M . a !:: 275
one yea*' 3 c 0 Ledger and McCall's Magazine. 1
Lodger and Dally Examiner lyear 900 year.includlng free pattern 2
Our Job Printing Department
Is tho most Complete to bo found int the mountains.
Up to-date presses, Simplex Typesetting Machine, Folder, Perforating
Machine, Numbering and Punching Machines.
Wo buy our paper stock from Manufacturers at Bottom prices
Billheads, Letter cHads, Statements.
1 Pamphlets, Posters, Dodgers,
Checks, Receipts, Tags,
Business and Visiting Cards,
Programs, Etc.
All kinds of Legal Blanks, Briefs and Transcripts printed promptly and
neatly. In short, we can do anything in the printing i'ne
OTJIS I=ieiCES sire IEeTGKHIT
Wo Can und Do Compete with City Prices.
If you havo anything in tho printing line, don't send it away but pat-AMADOU LEDGER.
JaCKSON.CaL, SEPTKMOEIt 17. 1909
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
DEFF.NDHB.
Lee Nicholas has gone back to work
on the ditch, after being laid up for tea
days with a sprained ankle.
Mrs Cora McKcnzie came up to Mrs
T. C. McKenzle's, and took Maude
down to spend a few weeks visiting
relatives and friends.
Tom Coope passed here with a load
of cement to build the lower dam,
that is on the old ditch higher.
Mrs Fayette Mace sr: is visiting her
son Fay and family. Everybody Is
pleased to "see her in the mountains
again.
H. Marker and wife went to Sutter
yesterday, and Dr. Goodman invited
them to go over to Amador with him in
his new auto which they did, and thing
it is all right.
Jess Werley will go back to Madera
the 13th. He came home on the account
of his brother's death.
Maude Barnhart and Mrs T. C. Mc-
Kcnzie are having there houses fixed up
for winter, putting on new roofs and
building some more rooms.
N. C. Williams has been on the sick
list the last few days.
Miss Violet Hamilton spent Monday
with Mary Nichols.
John Gardner' smiling face is seen on
the road once more driving .team for C.
C. Luttrell.
W. H. Nichols and wife and two boys
spent Monday in Jackson.
. Sunny South.
AUKUM.
Sept. 10— Your correspondent has just
arrived from his perfected timber claim
close to the Caldor sawmill where he
has been "rusticating" amid the
balmy breeze where the ozone gives
reparation to the crying lungs for aid.
At day break the sonorus .whistle of the
sawmill sends forth a coarse voice over
the mountains and through, the dense
forest that now surrounds Immediately
upon the sounding of the mill whistle
the coyotes set up a howl as in unison
with its efforts. The whistle blows two
long blasts, an interval between them.
This is the morning call for all em
ployes to arise preparatory for the day's
work. "Get up! it cries, get up", day
has broken and now you must prepare to
go to work." An hour -afterwards the
whistle sounds again and says in sub
stance "Go to work."
John Hassell was over to my place
last Wednesday. While there he killed
a rattlesnake fully 2% inches in diam
eter and fully 5 feet long, and having
eleven rattles and a button as his signal
warning that he was dangerous. John
killed a fine five point buck recently that
. dressed 170 pounds.
The Mooney brothers crushed out of
their mine recently 10- tons of rock
which yielded them $990, nearlya hun
dred dollars a ton.
The Mount Pleasant is working a
number of men in the mine. There is
talk of another company taking hold of
the Joe Lyons mine that has laid idle for
several years.
Since returning to my old home I was
pained to hear that Mrs Seeley on Mon
day last received injuries from an old
horse she had known for years to such
an extent that she now lies at the point
of death. Her children have been sum
moned from their various homes as a
consequence of her approaching death
which at this period seems inevitable.
She got hurt somehow by unhitching her
horse and leaving one tug unhitched.
This scared the horse and in some way
unknown produced the injuries which
now seem fatal.
Mrs Vollmer of Oleta died at that
place on Monday last, was buried
Wednesday morning. She was a daugh
ter of the late James O. Toole, a miner
of Plymouth in its palmy days. She
was a sister-in-law of D. Burke, now
superintendent of the county hospital.
The threshers have closed their sum
mer work around this and the sur
rounded country for the season.
Giddy Dick.
AMADOR.
Sept. 15— W. Deaner is completing
the work on the new mill at the Origi
nal Amador mine as fast as possible, and
has a large arc light on the gallows
frame that makes Amador look like a
prosperous town.
Mr and Mrs Frank Taylor passed
through Amador Thursday on their way
to Copper hill.
Frank Kelly, who has been visiting
his parents for several weeks, returned
to Los Angeles Friday.
Will Ninnis of Plymouth drove
through town Saturday with a surrey full
of mining men.
Win. Deaner left for San Francisco
Friday.
Frank Largomarsino an employe of
the Amador butcher shop, left Saturday
morning for Seattle, where he will
spend his vacation at Yukon exposition.
Earl Woods, who has been working
for the California Consolidated Co.,
left Sunday morning for San Francisco
to attend his sister's wedding. .When
he rfttimi9 he will reside in Sutter
Creek.
Bert Walsh, superintendent of the
California Consolidated Company left
Sunday morning for Seattle.
J Mrs "D. Robinson and Mrs A. Ker
vern of Martell were visiting Mrs O.
Frandher. Sunday.
Mrs Eatle Llversedge and baby are
visiting Mrs D. Kelly. V. .'*
Mrs 0. :E. .Martin and daughter Mer
lin have )ust returned from a ;»wo
months' vacation. at Richmond.
Ihe Amador, orchestra gave a grand
ball here .Saturday .night, which was
largely attended. All .had a good time.
James Bastian died last Monday after
a long illness. ;He has been an old and
respected resident .of this place and
county for a number .of years. He
leaves a large family of grpwn children.
His funeral was .held ihere Thursday by
the Masons, and he was ;burled in
Sutler Creek.
Mrs Kemp of Shasta county is visiting
her daughter, Mrs J.. Phipps jr.
The members of the board of super
visors are to meet here next .Monday to
look in to the condition of our bridge.
We hope they will give us & new one,
as we need it badly.
In paying four cents per share divi
dend, the Bunker Hill company has
made the stockholders of this vicinity
happy.
The Fremont Company is repairing the
Cover gallows frame, and intend to
retimber the shaft.
Mr and Mrs J. R. Dunlap went to
San Francisco Tuesday morning.
Primrose.
OLETA.
Sept. 14.— Our school opened again
this morning with the same teacher as
last year.
The measles are visiting among the
families in the Gilbert district.
John Beaver is quite sickwith the
measles. Dr. Norman was in attendance
last Friday.
Emmet Votaw of Forest Home is up
for a few days busily engaged in gather
ing up cattle.
Mrs O'Toolc and Mrs Burke of Jack
son were visitors in town a few days
of last week.
• Miss Dottie Shealor, who has been
working in the Candy Kitchen at Pla
cerville for some time past, is now
home on a short vacation.
George Schroder and family are talk
ing of going below to work in the vine
yards.
DRYTOWN.
C. Smith and W. Mills, who formerly
lived on McWayne ranch passed through
here this week from Nevada where they
were engaged in catching wild horses..
They report having caught 175 head.
Miss Lizzie Hodge went to lone Wed
nesday.
Dan Bon i with several others went deer
hunting Sunday. They caught several
deer near the marble quarry.
Miss Elvalyn Craton an.d Everett 'Craton
returned trom the State Fair.last week.
Chris Meiss, an old pioneer passed a
way at his home near Carbondale.
Thomas Thompson and E. Spencer Man
ley have returned from the State fair.
While there they visited Mrs D. K.
McMillan and Mrs W. L. Palmer,
Thomas Thompson's sisters.
SUTTER CREEK
Sept. 16— At the close of the regualr
meeting of the lady Maccabees Wednes
day evening the ladies enjoyed an in
door basket lunch. Several invited
guests were present, among them were
a few sir knights. A very pleasant
social time was spent by all present.
Stephen Thomas sr., after several
months absence in Nova Scotia, has re
turned to his home here. Mrs Thomas
who was staying with her son in Santa
Clara Co., also returned with her hus
band. They will reside here this
winter. Stephen Thomas sr. is attend
ing the M. E. Conference.
Miss Mayme Sanderson went to Sacra
mento this morning for a few days' visit
with her sisters at that place.
Thos. Jones of Oakland, -with his
wife and little daughter arrived here
Monday evening to visit his mother and
brothers, Mrs Edward Jones and sons
for a couple of weeks.
Alex Menchin returned to his home
here Monday evening, after living in
Stockton for about a year. Mr Mc-
Kenzie is in very poor health.
Chas Johnson returned Saturday even
ing from Seven Troughs, Nev., where
he has been for several months being
employed in the mines.
Mrs John Daneri and two children
with her grandmother, Mrs j, Truan,
left Tuesday morning to visit a short
time in San Francisco with her cousins,
Mr and Mrs A. W. Morrish.
Miss Martha Brown left Tuesday
morning for Pacific Grove to attend the
conference as a delegate from the M.
E. church.
Mrs Annie Trelease and family re
turned to her old home here Wednes
day evening from Sacramento, where
they have resided for several weeks past.
John Pope returned Wednesday even
ing after an absence of several years
living at Nilcs and Sacramento.
Jbe bluest clubbliiif otter ever
made. Aruador Ledijer mid liullittin
tbe leading evening dully paper of
Han Frmiolsou, only W per year, io
advance. Huuscribu now.
PLYMOUTH.
Sapt. 15.— Last Monday night Grand
Master Grove L. Johnson of Sacramen
to, held a joint meeting between Tele
graph Lodge I. O. O. F. and Plymouth
Lodge No. 2GO. The Rebekahs of both
lodges were also Invited to be present.
D. D. G. M. Virgil Norton and wife,
and D. D. G. P. Grace Johnson and
husband of Sutter Creek, were present.
The grand Master delivered a fine
speech, after which a short program
pas rendered as follows :
Sclo "Neath the Old Acorn Tree,
Sweet Estelle. " Tom Burke.
Remarks were made by the district
dupty.
Piano and Cornet solo, Mac and
Geo. Eeslon; "Serenade" duett,. Mrs
H. E. Potter and Gabriel Roos; Reci
tation, "Farmer Stebbens on Roller,"
Ola Walton; solo, "Any old port in a
storm" Gabriel Roos; Recitation,
"At the masquerade," Bessie Brum
fleld; solo, "Smiling sjar" Lesley
Walton.
Afler. which everyone proceeded to
the banquet hall and did ample justice
to the good things with which the
tabels were spread. The hall was
very nicely decorated with evergreens
and flowres. Everyone seeme. to enjoy
themselves very much.
Mrs J. E. Walton accompaned by her
son Wayne, returned .Monday evening
from Sacrameno by the way of Latrobe.
Her -oldest- boy Lesley left Tuesday
morning for Sacrameno, where he will
visit his grandmoher, Mrs J. S.** Walton.
Mrs Ida Swartz of Carson City,
Nevada, is here on a visit to her mother,
Mrs Carrol, at the Central hotel.
Airs H. E. Potter and children .were
passengers on the outgoing stage to
Jackson, where she will visit frends
and relatives.
Mrs Jennie Cram left Tuesday for
Consumnes, where her mother is quite
ill.
Jack Pritchard of this place is on the
sick list.
Mr and Mrs Chas Walton made a busi
ness trip to Oleta last Monday.
Miss Mazzie Knapp of Oleta is visit
ing Miss Marie Wcston of this place.
Paul Estey of Sacramento, formerly of
this place was a passenger on the in
coming Sacramento stage to-night,
Wednesday. He has employment at the
St. Bernard mine.
Mrs Josie Darling and little daughter
accompanied by Mrs Rule were over
from Bunker Hill, and were the guests
of Mrs G. L. Clark. -
Mrs Brown and son Albert of Oleta
were in town to-day.
Lawrence Burke has been sick for
several days but is on the improve now.
" The Catholic ladies of this place in
tend giving a dance Nov.*6th. '
Wild Roses.
UeWitt's LiUle Karly Kisera, tbe
safe sure easy, gentle lltlle liver
Pills. The original (Jorbolizod Witcb
liazel Siilve is IJeWltt's. 'i'lio tiaino
ia plaiuy stamped un ovury box.' It
is good for nuts, bums, hruisee,
sore?, bolls and sutihurn— but It is
especially good for l'iles. Bold by
City Pbaiuiaoy. V. W. l.ubere, Prop,
IH »OTH TESTS MAOC BY ELECTRICAL TESTING LABORATORIES NEW YORK CITY. U
1 * toe WELSBACH REFLEXOLIER |
|J FOR STORES.IIOMES.CLUBS and HALLS. %
I GIVES A SOFT STEADY lIGHTOP GREAT BRUUANCVAND POWER CLOSELY RESEMBUNG DAYLIGHT |
3 SUPERIOR TO ELECTRIC LIGHT IN QUALITY. EFFICIENCY AND ECONOMY |
4 7h« lights are turned on or off t>y a mere puff on the, chain-Makinqitas easy and convenient !l
n to operate asan Electric Light-Positive in Its action -Simple /nits construct/on. Kj
I CHEAI'ER TO BUY - CHHAPfiR TO USI2 CIIFAI>ER TO KEEP IN ORDER &
Q EXHIBITION AT DUR SALEBRDDM 83
0 OUR REPRESEKTATIVE Wia CALL BY REQUEST WITH FULL INFORMATION. US
0 At JACKSON 6AS WORKS B
Eat What
You want of the food you need
Kodol will digest it *
Tou need a sufficient amount of Our CinnntPP
good wholesome food and more than V^ ur V3UUI UIIICC
this you need to fully digest it. Go to your druggist today, and
Else you can't gain strength, nor purchase a dollar bottle, and If you
can you strengthen your stomach if can honestly Bay, that you did not
It Is weak. receive any benefits from it, after
You must eat in order to live and using the entire bottle, the drug*
maintain strength. gist will refund your money to you
You must not diet, because the without question' or delay,
body requires that you eat a Bufllo We will pay the druggist the pric«
lent amount of food regularly. of the bottle purchased by you.
t» * ti.i * "a ♦ u« A\£ii**A This offer applies to the large
Butthls food must be digested, only and to but one in a
and it must be digested thoroughly. fa _ n _
When the stomach can't do it, laral1 *'
you must take something that will
help the stomach. We wuld not aflord to make Bucn
The proper way to do is to eat an off e r . unless w « positively knew
what you want, and let Kodol dl- what Kodol wlll do for y° u -
gest tho food. Ifc would bankrupt us.
■ The dollar bottle contains 2&timca
Nothing else can do this. When « much M the m * wnt
the stomach is weak it needs help;
you must help it by giving it rest, Kodol is made at the laboratories
and Kodol will do that. of E. 0. DeWitt &.Co., Chicago.
AT CITY PHARMACY, .JACKSON.
IF YOU WANT TO
~ LOOK_WELL DRESSED
Call at DEUTSCH'S
TAILORING SHOP
0
And inspect his fall and winter Samples,
Eszcl'u.el-vely Selected, for ECira
Remember, the DEUTSCH made clothes fit your person-
ality as well as your person.
...
Our Prices are very reasonable, r
Webb Building, Jackson, Rooms 1 & 2.
CONTEST NOTICE
In The United States Land office at
Sacramento State of California.
Robert O. McKean, Plaintiff; vs.
Geshon G. Russell, Defendant. T
H. E. No. 6G49, Serial 10137.
There was filed in this office on Au-
gust 20, 1909, a corroborated contest
affidavit against homestead entry No
GG49, made May 13, 1897, for the NWK
of SW of Sec. 4, SE}4 of NE> 4 ' and
E^ of SEk of Sec. 5, T. 7 N., R. 13
E., M. D. M., by Geshon G. Russell,
the said contest affidavit being executed
by Robert O. McKean, and alleging that
the land involved has been wholly
abandoned by said Russell for ten years
past and that no attempt whatever has
been made to cultivate and improve said
land by said claimant.
Therefore, said parties are hereby no-
tified to appear and offer evidence touch-
ing said allegations at ten o'clock A.
M., on Monday, October 25, 1909, at ten
o'clock A. M., before the Register and
Receiver of the U. S Land Office Sacra-
mento, California.. The contestant, in
a proper affidavit filed August 20, 1909,
having set forth facts which show that
after due diligence, personal service of
the notice of. contest cannot be made, it
is hereby ordered and directed that such
notice be given by due and proper
publication.
Dated, Sacramento, California, Sep-
tember 2, 1909.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG
Register.
JOHN C. ING
sel7 Receiver.
BIG CUT
! — - in
MONUMENTS
GRANITE
And CEMENT WOKK
40 PER CENT LESS
Than I usually charge. I will do the
'work in suiy part of Amador and Gala-
veras county. Work guaranteed.
A. FRANATOVICH,
Stone Mason.
A. BASSO
Jackson's Harness Man
Main street, opposite Globe Hotel
The finest assortment of Uurnenfi in .TnckHon.
Anything In tho Hurueas lino can be hud horo
rousonuLile rutes.
All kinds of repair work done.
Boots and Shoes repaired. au2o
YourCha»e« Now.
We want to keep huny daring tbe
dull BflHson.
Today we offer our went bargains
to noootnpliih this.
Four hundred new styles to eeleot
from.
Every garment teceirea personal
attantiou bere.
Fit and workmanship guaraoteed,.
UKOI UAYMUNU.
Ihe London Tailor.
FOX KENT.- -The store premise
now occupied by tbe Ked> Kront,. o:
Main street, Jackson,, opposite th>
UlobA botel. For pnrMoulnrs appi;
to Ueorge Weller, Jackson.
Money to Loan §
Ou Real Kstate at I'revaillug |||
Rates of lutorest. |j
Peopled I
Savings Bank I
OP SACRAMENTO,, M
400 .1 STIMOI'M', H
lays Interest on All . Deposits, j
We are* uuder the supervision ill
of tbe State Lan of California. ■
Money In State Havings JJauks I
is free b'rom TAXIOB. 9
Accepts deposits in sums from f
OJNK DULL A X and upward. * m
•l'alci Up Uajiilai and Ue- 1
«erro - - •'.'- 400,000 ■
Assets - - ■■- ja'750,000 ■
Does Strictly a Say- fl
ings Bank Business I
Sond for our booklet, H
"BANKING BY MAIL" ■
When you are
dry and dusty
CALL FOR
Gilt Edge Lager
OH
Doppel Brau
Sacramento's famous Beers
On. draught everywhere.
In bottles too
Sacramento Brewing Co.
P. J. RUHSTALLER, Mgr
♦♦♦•♦»•••••»♦♦♦♦♦♦••*♦♦♦♦
;; . supposing
1 1 that every salary and wage
<' earner within tbe radius of tbe
Ij iuUiienco of this bank should
(i deposit tbeir salary or wage
«■ each month or week bere and
|| pay tbeir bills by writing
< > checks against tbeir accounts,
♦ • what would be tbe result?
JJ The result would be a large I
n amount added to tbe cirou- I
< • lating medium of tbe com- I
J ' muuity, business would be I
<'< stimulated, tbe teachers, clerks I
♦ or laboreis thus depositing I
'.'. their money would bave tbeir I
< ', ovcu convenience greatly con- I
♦ served, and tbey and others 1]
♦ would be beueiltted. You I
i ', double tho power of your I
• ' money wbeu you put' it in I
j | a bauk. II
j; Bank of Amador County E
\ ; Jackson. . California. E
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦• ***■
BANKING 1
BY MAILI
Tbe Stockton Havings aud |
Loan Society with resources of I]
81.000,000. 00 oilers ever; facility i
for doiog a bunking bueluees by |
mail. Cbecba taken payatile I
in any part of tbe United States. I
Our eysteni-of banking by mail i
practically brings tbia greut ||
bank to your door, lo open E
an account wltb us, place the r
amount you wish to start within ■]
un envelope addressed to us nutl |
by return mail you will receive Ij
h bank book uhowiog tbo ß
amount of your deposit. Tbe B
United titates mails are pate g
and uo ouo ever lost a dollar in k
tbia way. We solicit the bc-|j
couutH at farmers, ruisipess toepH
nod 'others mid .assure them ml
courteous and liberal treatment, fll
Kindly Mention this Paper I j
Send for free Booklet. L I
STOCKTON SAVINGS I
! AND LOAN SOCIETY!
Stockton; California!
Ml
I flfl^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^J^^^^^^^^^^^^^, IBEAUTY.
Your boauty can bo improved by using Lang-
loy's Vanishing Poroxido Cream, tho best vanishing
poroxido cream on tho market.
Langloy's Peroxide Cream contains no chemicals
injurious to tho skin, nor doos it produce any un-
pleasant feeling after application. Bcnclicial for
rough and chapped hands; having a mild bloaching
action it is excellent for tho removal of discoloration
of 'tho skin. Langley's Poroxido Cream is a fino
.preparation for the 'removal of sunburn and tan that
is so prevalent just now, . ,
Sold only at
RUHSER'S CITY PHARMACY
Main Street, Corner Court St.
JACKSON, • CAL,
AMADOR LEDGER 1
JACKSON.CaI SEPTEMBER 17.1909
TEMPEIIATLKE AND RAINFALL
Thla table gives tho highest and lowost tem
poraturo In Jackson for e^ch day, togother with
tbe rainfall, as rocorded by solfreglslering
Instruments kont at the Ledger ofUcn.
iTompj fij :Tcmp;2.
Bep 1..19U9 38 83 ,'r.*.|| 17 • ••! ..j ..;...•
*,:,.;.! 50 Bo iV.II i» ; ..!..;....
3 liW 89-,.,; 19 i ..] ..;...
4 ...i jo; Wi-.vr. 20 ■ ..: .. ""
C 1 49: 91 .... 21 ! ..i ..!....
ii ....! 88 ! 1Mi....H 22 ! ..j ..j.. .
1 ! bo; f1^....i;. ...iM ! ...!
1 8. ?.:; so 0a ! ..;. a* ! ':■■; .. •••■
« ..' .; ..j.... : 25 ! ..i ..;....
10 ! ..! ......! 2« ! « ••!••••
11 ..!•....! 27 ! ..!.,!....
li) ! .. ! 2S ! ..! ..;....
13 i ..i I 2!) j ..! . j...
15...,...| .. j 3L j ... ......
iTompj fij :Tcmp;2.
Bep 1..19U9 38 83 ,'r.*.|| 17 • ••! ..j ..;...•
*,:,.;.! 50 Bo iV.II i» ; ..!..;....
3 liW 89-,.,; 19 i ..] ..;...
4 ...i jo; Wi-.vr. 20 ■ ..: .. ""
C 1 49: 91 .... 21 ! ..i ..!....
ii ....! 88 ! 1Mi....H 22 ! ..j ..j.. .
1 ! bo; f1^....i;. ...iM ! ...!
1 8. ?.:; so 0a ! ..;. a* ! ':■■; .. •••■
« ..' .; ..j.... : 25 ! ..i ..;....
10 ! ..! ......! 2« ! « ••!••••
11 ..!•....! 27 ! ..!.,!....
li) ! .. ! 2S ! ..! ..;....
13 i ..i I 2!) j ..! . j...
15...,...| .. j 3L j ... ......
LOCAL NEWS
J. I". Wilaou. Doutist. Jlours 9a.
in. to 5 p. m. Phone— OUJce, black
444: residence. Bluok 391; Jackson.
All the schools of Amador county
started either on. the Gth or 13th of
.September with the exception of Jack
son, which will open next .Monday.
Antonio Massoni, a native of Italy on
.April 13, filed his declaration of inten
tion to become a citizen of the United
'.'States. ■ '■■"■
Lillie A Payton el al vs. Olsen et al—
Complaint filed and summons issued.
Plaintiffs claim ownership to 140 acres
of land in 7 north range 13 east; that
they have been in possession of said
real property fora long iime and that the
same is the separate .property of the
plaintiff above named. .The suit is for
the purpose ot quieting title.
Miss Amy Clark and Miss Emma
Parrow returned home Friday from a two
weeks visit in Oakland and San Fran
cisco.
Miss Ora Angove was a passenger on
the outgoing slajje Monday, bound for
Sacramento.
Mrs Folger te.fi .Monday morning for
Vallejo, where .her son George is em
ployed in the Mare .Island navy yard.
W. A. Latta oJ Sacramento has been
appointed referee jn insolvency, by the
United States district court, vice Chas
A. Bliss resigned.
Miss McClosky commenced school in
Aetna district Monday,; -and Mrs Libbie
Sargent opened school At. Middle Bar the
same day.
The Amador CettfraJ jailroad received
an engine from lhe Erickson camp at
Auburn early this week. .This is merely
for temporary use, until .the new loco
motive ordered tram the east 'reaches
here.
One of the autos of ike .local garage
.caught fire while on the Kennedy grade
,last Saturday. No one was .injured and
.the damage to the machine was not
serious, nothing more that fnuld be re
paired at the harness shop.
J. J. Kirk, proprietor. «f the En
gineering and Mining Journal of San
Francisco was in Jackson last week. He
■left .for the City Monday jaorn.ipg.
Ernest Spagnoli, who has Jtaeen visit
ing his parents, left for the city Monday
;«.no.rn.ing to attend to his law .business
ihe.se.. ■
J'iiiuo (or sale, little umvU., .cash
4H5 &8.118 tor gl'.tO. Piuuo exjMU'Ursuy
uoofi aa new. Inquire Jjedger'flttUie.',
% gfei:--*£ : : - ; : -<O.^-i» *r«V.
rfrJMrVJVtVf/ Parker returned home Mon
day, after a visit of several week* with
her nwtber, who lives in San Diego
county.
There wat a blow-out at the Jackson
brewery Monday night, that was not
appreciated by those concerned. One of
the big beer tanks exploded. The ex
plosion is attributed to excessive ac
cumulation of gases. Besides wrecking
the tank, two windows were demolished,
and other damago sustained. The ex
plosion was heard over the whole neigh
borhood.
2 Mrs Annie Cribble, who has been
visiting Mrs Rose, for tho past week,
left thla morning for her home in
Honolulu.
Sudden Death
Melvin Nichols expired at the home
of his brothers, near New York Ranch
on Tuesday evening about 8 oclock. The
deceased had been ailing for some time,
and under doctor's treatment. On the day
of his dc'ttli he appeared as well as
usual, and was working a portion of
the day in the hay field. Whether he
over-exerted himself is not known.
However, the attack in the nature of
apoplexy, seized him, and led to his
death in a few hours. Dr. Goodman his
physician, gave the cause of death as
apoplexy, which is usually caused by
pressure on the brain, He was 63 years
of age, and a native of Georgia. He
had been a resident of this county for
many years, and leaves five brothers
and two sisters Mrs RJ. Adams, Jwho
came up from the city Wednesday to
attend the funeral, and Mrs Langford of
Buena Vista. The funeral was held yes
terday afternoon, interment in Jackson
cemetry, ' by the side of his wife who
departed many years ago
City Trustees.
City trustees met last evening &\
present.
Application of Biauchi and Galinari
for permits to retatil liquors at Tallon
saloon on Main street read and was
granted.
, The license of E. Artemi was revoked
to take effect on Sept. 21st.
The City clerk was instructed to ad
vertise for bids for a rock breaker ol
21X16 size and a gasoline engine of nol
less than 15 horse power.
'Irvine • Leach, the barber, went to
lone" on account of his mother's death,
her funeral being held last Sunday.
His sister, so it is reported, died
Wednesday, and he .himself is very
sick in lone with typhoid fever.
M. Newman came up from San Fran
cisco Sunday for the purpose of accom
panying his son Lawrence to his home
in the city. Lawrence has been deputy
county clerk for the past two years. He
recently submitted to a surgical opera
tion in the city for lhe cure of epiliptic
fits, from which he has suffered for
years. After ibis heroic treatment he
returned and resumed his position .in
the clerk's office., and .it was hoped- a
permanent cure had been effected. But
this hope was not realized. During the
past two weeks he has suffered several
severel spells, and M« removal to'his
home was deemed .advisahle. He left
with his father for lhe city yesterday
morning. ■
Mrs P. D\ryer returned Tuesday,
after a visit of three weeke with rela
tives and friends in .Oakland and San
Francisco.
Mrs C. C. OiiKicdiui returned Tues
day from Sacramento, .whither she
went to attend tbe stale hiir..
Mrs Lafayette, aeiice of Hie .lute T. S.
Clark, is visiting relatives in this city,
and is the guest of Mrs P'cuke. It is 24
years since she a-as am Jackson ihefore.
Last Tuesday a miner atmeJ Pettrnclch,
employed at the ArgauatcL while
looking up into the stope ttom which
he had just descended, was strack in
the forehead by a small sharp rock Ihat
happened to fall jnst at that ntonenl It
opened a gash three inch ;s lung on tbe
right side of his forehead, cutting Jo
the bone, and fracturing the onter pJale;
cf the skull.'/' Dr. Sprague - has charge)
of.the case, and the patient ia getting!
utong nicely. ;
Millinery.
Opening days for the fall millinery
season, commencing Thursday, Septem
ber, 23, 24, and 25. Then will de on
display a swell line of ladies' trimmed
itu-i tailored effects; also a fine line of
Mtfses and children's hats at reasonable
prices. An unlimited assortment of
aigrettes, ostrich plnmes, fancy feathers
and wings. Also new shades in rlbbins
jind silks- Everyone is invited
MISS PROSSER'S
Jackson
DIED IN THE MOUNTAINS.
E. D. Guptill found
Unconscious and Dying
Elbridge D. Guptill, who has been
employed about the upper and lower
cattle ranges of W. H. Blakely for the
past ten years, was found on Friday
afternoon iast lying on the bank of the
Volcano ditch in the vicinity of Panther
creek in an unconscious state. ! Mr
Blakely left the range that morning on
the way to his ranch near Drytown.
In his absence the duty of looking after
the mountain range where the cattle are
now pasturing devolved upon Guptill,
who has been like one of the family for
a number of years. So early the same
morning he started from j the Blakely
mountain home to visit a. point six
miles from the dwelling house. He was
expected to return between 2 and 3
o'clock. Failing to come back at the
time, Mrs Blakely became anxious
about him, knowing that he was not in
robust health. So Charlc3 Wallenberg,
who is in charge of the Standard Electric
sawmill, was sent out to see what was
the matter. At a point .about \% miles
from the house he found Guptill lying
on the bank of the Volcano ditch, un
conscious, and evidently in a serious
condition, as indicated by his heavy
respiration. He tried to rouse him, but
this. was impossible, so he hurried back
to the house and reported the facts. Mr
Blakely was notified on his way to the
lower ranch, and - hastened, back to the
sc;ne. Also a party of four men was
secured to return to the spot where the
man lay and bring him home. A
stretcher had to be made for that pur
pose. Guptill was found practically in
the same condition. He was placed on
the stretcher and they started ■on the
homeward trip, which over the mountain
trails was a difficult and dangerous task.
They had to follow the ditch most of the
way, and it led them over flumes. They
started to pack him home about 5
o'clock, and it was near midnight when
they reached the end of their, journey.
Guptill died on the way," about twenty
minutes past nine" o'clock. Those who
carried him home were Charles Wallen
berg, Dan Bowen, L. Werly, and Jess
Bonneau.
When found in a dying state, Guptill
had a block of wood placed under his
head for a pillow, also a number of fish
in. his coat pocket. He had evidently
been some distance further than the spot
where found, and was on his way home
when, feeling sick and tired, he laid
down to rest. He . had a quantity of
oakum in his pocket. It is customary
to take this material along when travel
ing along the ditch for the purpose of
plugging leaks in the Hums. Deceased
must have fixed a leaky place before his
fatal ' attack, as the ditch tender noticed
that water was flowing in larger volume
than before Guptill passed along the
ditch. No doubt he gathered the fish he
had In his pockets from the point above
the leak— the fish being stranded.
Dr. Gall was sent for as soon as pos
sible after the man was found, but it
was impossible for him to travel in the
night, and before he w.us ready to start
word came that he was dead. No in
quest was held. It was deemed un
necsesary. Guptill had been under
treatment for Brighi's disease by. Dr.
Goodman, who had told him that he
could do no morel or him that his days
were numbered.
Deceased was a single man, 63 , years
of age, and a native of Maine. He had
been a resident of Amador county, for 20
years or more. He was a cousin "of Mrs
B. F. Taylor of Jackson, and John
Palmer of Blinker Hill.
The body was brought to Jackson on
Saturday, and tbe .funeral took place on
Sunday afternoon, interment in the city
cemetery.
Bear Trapped.
On the Blakjeiy mountain range on
Panther creek, ii is the practice every
season to set a trap ior bears and other
destructive animals. On Sunday, August
29, E. D. Gupiiil and Chas Wallenburg
visited the spot where the bear trap
was set, and found a big bear caught
therein. The animal weighed 40fj
pounds, and in- .very poor condition at
that, indicating thai bruin had been liv
ing on scant fare tor some time. This
is the first bear trapped on the Blakely
range this season. The skin was worth
five dollars. ' vv ,;
MILTON DA VIS WANTED.
Milton Davia aud hla brother will
learn eometblug to ttoett advantage
by comiuuriicutiug with Mrs W. B.
Davis, I'Jast Auburn, OtUforma. Tbe
IJitviu liovh aie supposed to lie miii
iiin foiuewbere ill Auiador county.
I'lmir fiieuda will kindly cull their
attention tn tbe above.
Railroad Assessment '
August 2d the state board of equali
zation assessed the Southern Pacific R.
It Co., for its franchise, roadway,
roadbed, rails and rolling stock in
Amador county in the sum of $184,472.
Length of road in Amador county eight
miles. Rate per mile $123,059.01.
Appointed Probation Officer.
Mrs Mary Meehen was last Friday
appointed by Judge Wood, probation
officer of the juvenile court of Amador
county at a salary of $10 per month. The
law requires a probation officer in each
county.
SUPERIOR COURT
PROCEEDINGS
HON. F. V. WOOD, JUDGE
W F Detert and Wm J McGee vs
Plymouth and Alpine M Co., a cor
poration, et al— Complaint filed and
summons issued. Plaintiffs set up
their right to five acres of land in the
south west quarter of section 2, town
ship 7, north range 10 east, said land now
bein claimed by the defendant corpor
ation. Plaintiffs pray that the defend
ants may be required to set forth the
nature of their several claims and a de
cree of court that title be established in
them.
J H Soring vs Wm J Morphy ct al—Re
manded form the Clrcui court of the
Ninth Judicial circuit to the Superior
Court of Amador county.
F. C. Brinkman vs. Chas. J. Johnson
—Dismissed at request of plaintiff.
Probate.
Estate of A M Vaughan deceased-
Affidavit of publication filed. Order
made to show cause why the sale of real
estate should not be made.
Estate of David B Lynch, deceased-
Continued until September 18.
Estate of Maragret Holtz, deceased-
Proof of posting filed showing that due
and legal notice has been given. Order
made appointing Margaret Kirkwood ad
ministrator upon fling a bond in the
sum of $300.
Estate of A M Vaugham, deceased-
Order made for sale of real estate.
Estate of Guiseppe Cavagnaro, de
ceased—Emilia Cavaganaro petitions for
leettrs of administration. The estate
consists of lot 15 block 1, Amador City
valued at $400 ; also personal property
valued at $25 and money, on deooist in
the Hibernia Saving and Loan Society
Bank of San Francicso the entire value
of estate not exceeding $1200.
contesting Final Account.
M. Isaacs, on September 7, filed in
the superior court objections to the final
account of M. Jones, as administration
of the estate of Bernard Isaacs, de
cesedj which has been in process of
probate for so many years. The docu
ment reads :
M. Isaacs, an heir at law of the above
named deceased -and a creditor of the
estate of said deceased, whose claim
has been allowed and is on file herein
but is wholly unpaid, objects and ex
cepts to the final, account of
the estate of Bernhard Isaacs, deceased,
filed herein December 23rd, 1907, and
to each and all of the items of said
final account. The said M.. Isaacs fur
ther objects on the further ground
that it does not account for all of the
property and assets of. said deceased
received by said administrator.
The said M. Issaac specifically ob
jects to the items of $3550, $344.44 and
$100 charged in said account by said ad
ministrator for his services and ex
penses, and to the items of $900 and
$650 charged in said account for attorney
fees, on the grounds that the same are
unresonable and excessive.
I'arlin-Hicks Wedding
Earl Parlin and Eugenia Hicks were
united in marriage at the home of Mr.
and Mrs Thos Coombs on the Hamilton
tract on Wednesday evening at 8 oclock.
Jndge F. V. Wood performed the cere
mony, in tne presence of many of the
intimate friends of the contracting par
ties. Miss Mabel Bolitho was bribsmaid,
and Fred Hicks, a brother of the bride,
as best man. The parlor was tastefully
decorated with ferns and roses for the
occasion. After the ceremony the com
pany sat down to a sumptuous supper in
honor of the happy affair. The groom is
employed at the Kennedy, and has been
here five months. The bide is a more
recent resident oi this city, having been
here about two months. Both came
from Colorado, and were acquainted be
fore coming to California. They will
make their homd on the Hamilton tract,
having rented a portion of Mrs. Mor
row's residence for housekeeping.
Official Visit.
Grove L. -Johnson, the well known at
torney of Sacramento, accompanied by
Mrs Johnson, paid an official visit to
the local lodge of Odd Fellers last Satur
day. He is grand master of the order
in this state, and his schedule calls for
two visits in this county. Jackson was
of course one of the honored lodge, and
Plymouth the other. Visiting members
from lone, Sutler Creek and Volcano
were present at the meeting. Speeches
were made, the grand officer being one
of the most eloquent and efficient
pubilc speakers in the state. A banquet
was partaken of at the close of the
ofliical ceremonies, to which the mem
bers of Rebekah degree lodge were in
vited, many of whom attended. On
Tuesday the grand mister visited the
Plymouth lodge.
Marriage Licenses.
A marriage license was issued by the
county Clerk last Tuesday to Ela Rado
vich, aged 27, and Amelia Raddanovich,
aged 27, both natives of Austria aud
residing at Jackson.
Earl E. Parling, aged 22, native of
Colorado and Eugenia M. Hicks, aged
19, native of Col >rudo both residing at
Jackson.
Does not Color the Hair
AVER'S HAIR VIGOR
Stops Tailing Hair An Elegant Dressing
Destroys Dandruff Makes Hair Grow
InPTPflionta* Sulphur. Glyrtrin. Quinln. Sodium ChlorM.
ingredients. c<p^ cum< ss _ gr A | toho l. Water. Perfume.
A hair preparation made from this formula is harmless, yet possesses positive merit. A
hair food, a hair tonic, a hair dressing. Consult your doctor about these hairproblems.
J. 0. ATEn rpMPAMT. T^wrll. Hum.
Nothing in It.
A novel use of the fire department
was shown at Jackson, California, a
few days ago when a big horse driven
by two boys, in attempting to ford a
creek running through the city, became
stuck in quicksand and gradually sank
until it was threatened with death. The
firemen were called upon to bring their
hose and use it in sluicing the sand
away from the horsa sufficiently for it
to extricate itself. When the firemen
arrived only the head of the animal
remained out of water. but the sluicing
process proved successful, and the
horse was saved.
The above we take from the San
Francisco Argonnunt. It was published
first as an Associated press dispatch,
without stating in what state
the Jackson referred to was located.
We supposed it related to a Jackson
elsewhere. But it now claims this
city as the point of the singular adven
ture. We may say that it is news to
the people here. Nothing of the kind
has transpired here. We have no quick
sand like that described; and if we had
the flat bottom creek beds around town
would make rescue in the manner de
scribed utterly impracticable. The re
medy would be more likely to prove
fatal to the victim than the quicksand.
Healthy Foothills of Amador
C. H. Dnnton, one 'of the trustees of
the Preston School has the following to
say in a communication to the Placer
ville Nugget of the healthfulness of
this foothill region :
The Preston School is located in the
foothills of Amador county. It was
opened in July, 1894. There have been
received at the school since that date
1179 boys, and there have been just
seven deaths since the school opened,
the last one occured in October, 1899,
so there has not been a death in ten
years, and we have 425 boys at the
school all the time. This is a record
that cannot be equaled anywhere out
side our Sierra foothills. From my ex
perience as a trustee of the Preston
School for the past twelve years, I am
prepared to say that this low death rate
is largely due to the foothill climate of
Amador county.
At a Standstill
The local auto business is not moving
along smoothly. The stockholders are
not pleased with the outlook, and other
parties who are behind the concern fi
nancially are on the anxious seat. The
machines are not earning as they were
expected to do, the frequent breakdowns
being a serious handicap. Mr Thorpe,
who came up to take of the
garage has left. A. Marcucci, who was
a stockholder and chaffeur, has also
quit. Mr Sullivan, who is in some way
connected with the purchase of the out
fit, was here this week. It is claimed
that the machines were old and practical
ly worn out when brought and that they
were represented as almost new. This
phase of the affair may lead to liti
gation. All notions of resuming the
auto stage line to Stockton has been a
bandoned. It is the impression that the
roads are too rough to give the auto
business a^ reasonable hope of realizing
any profit on the capital invested. Still
it the machines were dilapidated when
purchased, the garage has not had a fair
chance, and the breakdown can hardly
be accepted as a test of the buisness
under favorable conditions.
BORN.
COFFMAN.— In Oakland, September
10, 1903, to the wife of John Coffman,
a son.
LARGOMARSINO.— In Jackson, Sep-
tember 18, 1909, to the wife of Tony
. Largomarsino, a son.
MARRIED.
PARLIN-HICKS-In Jackson, Septem-
ber 15, 1909, by Hon. Fred V. Wood,
Earl 11. Parlin, to Eugenia, Al. Hicks,
both of Jackson.
RAUOVICH-RADONOVICH.-In Jack-
son, September 16, 1 i>oi>, by Hon.
Fred V. Wood, Elia Radovlch, to
Amelia Kadonovich, both of Jackson.
■ UltD ~
GUPTILL— On Panther creek, Septem-
ber 10, 1909, Elbridge D. Guptill, a
native of Maine, aged 63 years.
SARGENT.— In Angels, September 14,
1900, James H, Sargent, aged 32 years,
a native of California.
BASTIAN.— In Amador City, September
13, 1009, "James B, Bastian, a native
of England, agee 73 years.
NICHOLS.— Near New York Ranch,
Setember 14, 1909, Melvin M.
Nichols, a native of Georgia, aged ("4
years.
OOCUMENTS RECORDED.
I Tim following InsiruiiKTiTs have Ooen filed
lor rocord In the recorder* otllco *lnc« our lust
report. We ptibllftli » coniplote list of docu
ment* recorded, nnd must docllnn to accede to
any reqtient to suppross nn.y dooument from
tbmo column*. Don'tmk us todo «•
Deeds— Annie E Richey, to Juilus C
Kremmel— ooo acres in l(!-2O-12 and 29
5-10, $10.
W W Plummer to Robert Ellis, 240
acres in 7-12-and 18-5-11, 10.
Big Tree Improvement Co., to Charles
F Ruggle3, 24,431.47 acres in township
5, ranee 14, township 0, range 14, town
ship 7, range 14, township 5, range 14,
township G, range 5, township 7, range
15, township 5, range 10, township 0,
range 10, township 7, range 10, $10 and
other valuable considerations.
Barney Bracco to G F Pasquctti— lot
and part of lot 5 and lot (i and part of
5, block 7. North Amador, $10.
Mortgage— John Bernardis to Carlo
Soracco— lot, 15 block 1, $2(X), payable
within one year with interest at the
rate of 10 per cent per annum.
Satisfaction of Mortgage— Ellis to
Plummer.
Phillips to Bernardis.
Memorandum— Pacific Gas & Electric
Ccmpany to Union, Trust Company of
San Francisco -The first named com
pany "desires to have the. California
Gas and Electric Corporation hereafter
termed the "California Corporation"
referred to in said general and Cal
lateral Trust Mortgage of January 2,
1900, execute a prior lien mortgage as
permitted by said mortgage, which mort
gage so to be executed by the California
Gas and Electric Corporation shall pro
vide for the creation and issuance of
bonded indebtedness of said corporation
to the extent of forty-five million dol
lards in the aggregate, the proceeds of
which bonds are to be used as stipulated
in the mortgage proposed to be executed,
a copy of which said mortgage is in the
trustees hands, and which said mortgage
is hereafter referred to as the "Unify
ing and Refunding mortgage. Said trans
fer is recorded as a mortgage deed and
lien.
Certificate of Redemption— W H
Lessley on land in 4-7-13 taxes of 1008,
$13.20.
W W Plummer on 80 acres in [12 5
10 and IGO acres in 7-511, taxes of
1908,'525.G7.
Patents— U Sto Jefferson Baird, 80
acres in 25-8-10, as agricultural land.
The State Tax Rate
The county clerk has received a notice
from the state board of equalization that
the following levy for state purposes has
been made for the current year. The
levy was made September 8.
For general fund - - - 17.4
School fund - - - - - 13.8
State school fund - - - 1.6
Interest and sinking fund - 0.6
Univerisity of Cal. - - 3.0
Total tax 36.4.
Card of Thanks.
The undersigned desire to tender their
thanks to those kind friends who ren
dered aid in the last sickness and
funeral ceremonies of the late Elbridge
D. Guptill. .
Mrs B. F. Taylor
John Palmer
W. H. Blakely.
Fell Eighty Feet
And only Slightly Hur.
Suuday night Fred Bardsley, who is
from West Point, was working in one of
the stopes of the Kennedy mine and met
with a thrilling experience which will
occupy a vivid spot in his memory the
balance of his life.
While standing near the chute a quan
ity of loosened rock struck him, and
pushed him in the chute. He slid down
the same, a distance of 80 feet, and
reached the bottom in far less disabled
condition than one would naturally sup
pose—a sprained ankle and a few slight
cuts and bruisies. Under the care of
Dr. Gall he expects to be able to tackle
his work again in a few days. :
Unclaimed Letters.
Geo. Battista, Jack Strauss, Barton
Suttcn.
New Reservation Clause
In U. S. Patents
Agricultural and other patents nov
issued by the United States government,
contain the following new clause, ren
dered necessary by the vast irrigation
plans now underway or in contemplation
Jby the federal authorities: "And there
is reserved from the lands hereby granted
a right of way thereon for ditches or
canals constituted by the authority of
lhe United Stales"
m
mFrom Our Exchanges.
The Sierra Times a daily newspaper
of Sonora, » which was purchased a! out a
year ago by Wlllard P. Calkins for $1000
and incorporated by him as the Sierra
Times Publishing Company, was sold at
auction last Wednesday in San Francisco
for $2978.32 by referee in bankrupcy
Milton J. Green. William Grant and J.
D. Zimdar, who owned the paper before
Calkins, were the purchasers. Grant
and Zindur never received any money
from Calkins, they taking his note for
the amount. — Angels Records.
Charles Dunning of Rich Gulch has a
female dog that gave birth to twelve
pups at a litter. This is her second at
tempt in this line, the last litter being
te'. . No race suicide in that family. —
Citizen.
The fall term of the lone Grammar
School began its session 'last Monday
with Mr Goodell as principal, under
very favorable auspices. The attendance
will be about the same as last year.
There are several pupils attending who
are not residents or the district, public
money for whom is drawn elsewhere.
There will be a ten months' session
of the lone union high school this time
instead of nine months, as previously
announced. — Echo. .
Mr Getchell, proprietor of the Pros
pect, went to San Francicso last week,
and returned with a fine up-to-date auto.
The machine is a 1909 Reo. The new
machine of Mr Getchell is standing the
test of the mountatin roads in good
shape. 1 When the party came up, they
left San Francisco at 9 o'clock in the
evening, and arrived here a little before
six in. the morning, making stops in
Alanuda, Stockton and other places. —
Prospect.
As a result of the work of the State
Board of Equalization the total assessed
value of the property,; of the state has
been raised $321,532,596. Ventura
county was raised 100 percent; Los
Angeles 40, Orange, 50; Riverside 40,
San Bernardino, 33 1-3; Stanislaus and
Santa Barbara, 25 ;J Fresno, Kern, King,
Monterey, and Tulare, 20; San Joaquin
15; San Francisco, 10; and several
others In a lesser degree. The State rate
will be the lowest in the history of
California or 33.4 cents without the
three cent University tax.— Prospect,
While descending the steps of the
bandstand at Golden Gate Park
yesterday, afternoon Mrs. Mary Reed, of
Jackson, Amador county, fell forward
and out an ugly gash in her scalp and
also badly sprained her right wrist.
She is visltiug Mrs. N-E- Norris of 15
Clement street.
Attorney E. W. Witmer has recently
bonded to W. G. French of Los Gatos,
a group of five claims in . Fairplay
district known as the Richmond group.
Th 2 roperty is pequipped with a mill,
hoist, and modern machinery for
thorough work, - and will, no doubt,
realize the promise it gives of ranking
with the best mines in the county. —
Mt. Democrat .
The Dairymen and
The Creamery
It is regretable that there should be a
clash between the dairymen in this
part of the country and the management
of the local creamery. The writer at
tended the meeting with some of the
dairymen and Mr Knox of Sacramento,
and heard their side of the controversy,
and Tuesday Mr Proaty told the other
side. Tha difference appears to be
principally, as the Echo understand it,
as to the proper method of testing the
"butter fat." Mr Prouty claims the
best for the dairy men is the 'composite
test, "that is, a test every ten days, and
making payments on an average of the
ten days, while Mr Knox wants to take
the product on a daily test. That he is
so anxious to take it on this daily test
would look to a man "up a tree" as if
there was an advantage in it sufficient to
cover the extra price he offers for the
butter fat. There is always, especially
in hot weather, more or less evaporation,
and as the water which evaporates has
less specific gravity than the" remaining
fat, it is a self-evident proposition that
the composite test would be to the interest
of ths dairyman. Mr Prouty also offers
to make the butter for a certain sum per
pound and let the dairyman find his own
market, thus securing to himself what
ever profit there is in it.
' It is difficult to tell what the 'outcome
of this difference will be, but thah it will
result in an amicable adjustment is the
wish of eveybody. .In the meantime
large quantities of the product of our
dairies are being sent to Sacramento. —
Echo
Thoi'o Is moro catarrh in this auction
of tho country than all othor dlai'ttses
put together, and •until the last fuw
years was supposed to be Incurable.
For a great many years doctors pro
niMiiK-ril It a local disease, and proscrib
ed local ro mod ion and by constantly
failing; to iruro with local treatment,
pronounced It Incurable. Science has
jhoviii catarrh to bo a constitutional
dlscii-H, and therefore requires consti
tutional tivuMtuMit. Hall's Catarrh 1
Curi'. manufactured by l<\ J, Cheney
& Co., Toledo, Ohio, Is the only consti
tutional ciii-d on i h<- market. It Is taken
internally In rin** from 10 drops to a
tfii»|.uotiful. It Hc.lrt directly on tho
bloii'l uml ripi-coiirt Hiirfaccs of tint ny.-i
teiii. They mIW oiih hundred dollars
for iiny ciiHo |i full** ocumk. Send for
circular* uml '••iilmoMliil-i.
A'Mivh*. V. •'• Cheney & Co.,
Toledo. O
SoM by Drui/ir'a'i. 75«.
11 nil's Farail. IMlHarothe bi*et.
8h» Knew the Day Well.
A pour little fiu!e«l woman had been
brought Into court us witness In a case
Involving very lm|K»rtant Issues. The
cr.tlro ease depended on the fact that
n piper liiul been signed on n certain
day, nnd this the forlorn little womnn
wns prepared to prove.
"You saw the paper signed?" nsked
the opposing counsel in cross examina
tion.
'Yes, sir."
"Ard you tnke your onth Hint It wns
the IStll of AitgnstV
"I know it wns. sir."
T!ie Ir.r/jer. who thnrtfftil another
dats ccnlil he proved, assumed nil ex
r.srerntlna smile and repeated her
uvrtli.
"Yen know It was? And now be so
tfOcd ns In trll us how you know II."
The pour little ueature looked from
;r.e ccinte.nanre In another with wide,
(Sorrowful eyes, iim If she sought under
standing nicl sympathy; then her pize
rested on the kindly face of the Judge.
"I know." she mid. as If speaking to
him alone, 'because that wax (lie day
my baby cllm!."— Pearson's Weekly.
Opportunity.
In one of the «ld (Jreek cKlpm there
stord long ago a statue. Every trace
of It has vanished now, but (here Is
still In existence nn epigram which
given us an excellent, description of It.
and as we read (ho words we can sure
ly discover the lesson which those wise
old Greeks men lit that the Hint no
should teach to every passerby. The
epigram Is In the form of n conversa
tion between a traveler and Hie statue:
"What Is thy name, O stiilue?"
"I am called Opportunity."
"Who mode Hk-cV"
"Lysippns."
"Why art fhoii on thy toes?"
"To show that I stny but n moment.
"Why hnst thoti wings on thy feet'/"
' "To show how quickly I pass by."
"But why Is thy hair so long on thy
forehead?" : J
"That men may seize me when they
meet me."
"Why, then, Is tby bead so bald be
hind?"
"To show that when I have once
passed 1 cannot bo caught." ' ;
A Hurry Up Call
Quick! Mr Druggist— Quick I —A bos
of Uucklan's Arnica Halve— Hern's a
quarter — b'or the love ot Moses,
burryl , liaby'a burned himself,
terribly— Johuuie cat bis foot with
the axe— Maoiie's scalded — Pa can't
walk from piles — Billie bus boils—
aud my corns ache. She got it and
soon cured tbo family. Us tbe
greatest healer on eartb. Sold by
Jackson Drug Utore, IJ. Li. Spagnoli,
Prop.
Dropping the Curtain.
"No. Mr. Slowun." said the fair pos
sessor of the square chin. "I must re
spectfully decline to become your oth
er half."
"But why?" asked the astonished
young man, who had believed that he
was tbe favored one.
"Because," replied the female ex
tender of the frosty digit, "the man I
marry must be brave and fearless.
Toulght you let out tho information
that you bave loved tue for live long,
weary years, but bave not dared men
tion it until the present meeting. A
man who has no more nerve than that
would bide under tbe bed while his
wife went downstairs to interview a
burglar who was making a raid on tho
family larder. Therefore. Mr. Slowun,
I will work tbe piano for a little slow
music while the curtain drops on the
farewell scene. .You will find your hat
on tbe usual ptg of tbo hall rack.
Good evening!"— London Mall.
Speculative Life Insurance.
A mania for speculative Insurances
on the lives of public personages pre
vailed In England during the eight
eenth century. Warren -Hastings, the
pretender, the rebel lords or tho un
fortunate Admiral Byug answered
equally the purpose of speculation, and
there were also regular quotations on
the lives of notorious highwaymen.
Sir Robert Walpole at one period of
Ills career, when his life wns endan
gered b> popular tumults, was Insured
for many thousands, nud when George
II; fought at Dettlngen 25 per cent was
pnid against bis return. Such specula
tive Insurances wore, however, largely
checked by the gambling act of 1774,
which made lusurahlc Interest a neces
sary condltiou for a vulid policy.—Ar
gonaut.
Go With A (tush
The demand for that wonderful
Stomach, Ll»er nod Kidney uure, Ur.
King's New Life Pills— is astounding
. say they uover
son tbe like, its because they never
fail to cure Sour Htoinach, Constipa
tion, indigestion, biliousness, Jaun
dice, Siuk HeadHube, Chills and Ma
laria. Only 250. Sold by jHckson
Uraf Store, 1). I). Spnguoli, Prop.
No.>U:rilic.
A Junction City man told of a re
mark made by a woman itt whose
borne a number of people took supper
one nlgbt during a political campaign
in Simmer county. This particular
woman, though young in yenrs, wns
tbe mother of seven children. Nat
urally the children were reasonably
close to one size. When the "cam
paigners" went Into the woman's
bouse one of them noticed tho bunch
of children and said to tbe woman In
a friendly way, "Tbeso nil yours, or Is
this v plenlc?" "They ore all inlue."
xbe replied wearily, "and it's no pic
nic."—Kansas City Journal.
Children Cry
FOR FLETCHER'S
CASTORIA
Oak Leaves do
Kill Cattle
Stockman grazing their cattle on the
National forests In the southwest, es
pecially in Colorado and New Mexico,
have suffered serious losses during the
present summer through the cattle eat
ing oak leaves. In Ithat section of the
country the season has bedi unusually
dry and the grass extremely scarce.
To eke out the scanty forage supply,
the cattle have browsed heavily on the
scrub oak which covers large portions of
the ranges. Ordinarily the stock does
not browse much on the oak and the
little they do get, taken with other
food, is not injurious, but when, as in
the present season, the oak furnishes a
large proportion of the daily food, the
results are serious.
The oak leaves nnd sprouts contain a
large percentage of tannic acid. The
action of this on the stomach is cxtreni
ly-disastrous and the losses Have been
remarkably severe. The symptoms of
the disease are staring eyes, feverish
and blistered lips and nose, the animal
ceases to graze or seek for food, stand
ing in one place for hours at a time.
The coat becomes rough and the hair is
all turned the wrong way, as in the
cases of loco poisoning. The animal
does not chew its cud and in a compara
tively short time it becomes to week to
remain on its feet and death rapidly fol
lows.
So far as is known the only avail
able remedy for this trouble is linseed
oil given as a drench in amounts from
one to two quarts. The oil appears to
overcome the injurious effects of the
tannic acid and if the disease is not ad
vanced too far and the animal can be
furnished sufficient food so it will not
be forced to eat the oak, it will generally
recover. The best method, of course, in
handling the trouble, if possible, to get
the cattle away from the range where
the oak is found and furnish them with
plenty of fresh, green feed to build up
again.— Exchange.
DIRE DISTRESS
It Is Near at Hand to Hundreds of
Jackson Readers
Dont' neglect an aching back.
Backache is the kidney's cry for help.
Neglect hurrying to their aid.
Means that urinary troubles follow
quickly.
Dire distress.diabetes, Bright's disease.
Profit by a sufferer's experience.
D. C. Matteson, 726 Fourteenth
St., Modesto, Calif., says: "For a long
time I suffered from kidney trouble ana
no matter what I did 1 received no re
lief. I was tired, weak and nervous and
the slightest exertion completely wore
me out. The kidneys were irregular in
passage and caused me great annoyance.
I at length read of Doan's Kidney Pills
and seeing them highly recommended,
I procured a box. They gave me so
much relief that I continued taking
them until I was feeling better than 1
had for along time. lam only too glad
to tell other persons of the good results
I received from the use of Doan's Kid
ney Pills."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50
cents. Foster-Mi lburn Co., Buffalo,
New York, sole agents for the United
States.
Remember the name— Doan's— and
take no other.'
Couldn't Turn It.
Th» eye of If 1 1 lo Willies teacher was
sad and sorry, for. notwithstanding
thhl he was her favorite pupil, he stood
before her convicted of the heinous
charge of a theft or candy from a'fel
low pupil. It was n first offense, how
ever, and she did not desire to Inflict
corporal punishment. A moral lecture,
s!io thought", would fill t lie* case.
■ "Hear in mind. Wlllii>." she conclud
ed. "Mini these temptations can he re
sisird If determination Is used. Al
ways turn a deaf oar lo temptation."
Little Willies Up irviublcd.
"P.m. teacher." Iw answered. "I ain't
wit a deaf ear."
Making Hubby Appreciative.
A d:>c|i>r Irlls of n n»U« he received
rrinii a - wouiici faying that her hus
lniii.il; who was rbnut to make him a
p-tiivssinnal call, found f-otißtnnl fault
vl:h ihc dinner she prepared for him.
•"lie appealed lo Hie pnysleian for aid.
Tin' di.ct(.r esnmliird Ills patient, who
•:;«l ii slishl attack of indigestion, and
••. Id him to cut out luncheons, to eat
■nulling but a Flloe of toast and a cup
.if tea. The si heme worked excellent
ly. Of course hubby returns home In
the evening, eats everything In sight
lind votes his wife's cooking even bet
ter I tin ii liiotlicr used \o make.— Boston
Ki'niid.
Thrifty.
A Kcoißlunn mid his wife were tniv-
I'liiiS front I.clih lo London by boat.
Wlii-ii efT the Yorhshlre const a great
storm arose, iiiui Iho vessel hud sev
eral narrow escapes from foundering.
■•()h. Sandy," iiionned his wife. "I'm
na afeard ii' deehr. hut I dtnnn care
10 dee at fiea."
••ninna think o" dcj'ln 1 .vet," answered
fcltiudj 1 ! "but when jVdo, je'd better bo
drooncd at sea thnn o».v where else."
•'An' why. Snr.d.W" nsUed his wife.
"WhyV exclaimed Sandy. "Because
ye wouldtia cost xae inucUle to bury."
Gsod Advice.
".Voii'ujk umii.l Kttl>l On 1 boss, "come
hither and ff.ifim." H«' approached.
"\Vhwi .voit've tilildi* « mistake, for-
Ket it ami «o on to the next Job. Don't
;;ottcr nrouitd all day adding a lot of
flnfsulns toucties."-l.oulsviilt' (Curler-
Journal.
TlitM** itfver «■«« h d». v Ibnt did not
liring Its own opportunity for doing
rood | hat ucvfr wjuUl Iwv* upeo tiono
U>fur(< mil nrvcr I'ttn In 1 :i«:iln.--\V. 11.
liurh'lgti.
THE SAFFRON PLANT.
t U Among the Vtry Oldest of the
V«o»*» bls Product*.
The particular species of crocus that
hns from time Immemorial been culti
vated for Its dried fttlgtnus, n product
known tmilcr tlio ntimc of saffron, is
Crocus mitlvu*. which Is wild from
Italy to KlirdlAtilti. Saffron niny be
reckoned unions tin 1 very oldest of
roffcfnlilf products, being alluded to In
the Sotitf of Solomon nmong other
spices of Lebanon. The tin mo crocus
U Chaldenti l»r Olwk nncl wiin first
used by Thcophi'iislUM of Kresit* about
350 11. C. and Unit It wn« n well
known tind admired (lower hi Greece
soon afterward Is hliowii l>y Sophocles,
who mentions the "crocus of golden
Ih-ihh" In III* "CedlpuH nl Colonos."
The word milTroti norms to be n cor
ruptlnn of the Arabic name "at zuuafa
run." and the product Itself was first
Imported Into Kiigliuxl ns n spice or
condiment, being also used as h color
<>r «lye for Milks and other fabrics of
the eastern looms.
At ii later date, uxnrtly when Is not
known, the plant Itself wan cultivated
In ICnxlnm). more oN|ieelally in Kssox.
In which vniitity the nnme of Stiffron
Wiilden remains In evidence of the
fnct. Affiln. we have in London Saf
fron bill, which formerly wnH n »lte
Included In the bishop of Ely's garden
at llolborn. once famous for its saf
fron liedn it* well ns for its strawber
ries. 1 Today, however, saffron Is but
little used. -London Chronicle.
For a 'grained Ankle.
A sprained ankle may be orned in
about one-thlnl the time, usually re
quired, by applying Cbamberlatn's
liiniment freely, and giving it ab
solute lest. I'or sate by Jackson
IJru« (Store. HpagDoli Prop.
SUGAR AND CANDY.
Satisfy the Cravings of/ tho- Children
For Sweets.
Children may cat too much sug.tr.
and they may also stay too long Id
their bathtub, or In tbe oiwfe when
they go in swimming, or get tannert or
a headache from playing too long lo
tbo sun. or chilled by staying tm> long
In tho open air. but Is that any sonnd
reason why they should be deprtvrd of
sweets, sunlight, baths and fresh air
or discouraged from indulging in
them?
All that Is needed, says Dr. Woed3
Hutcliinson in Success Magazine, 'is »
little common kciisc regulation and ju
dicious supervision, not prohibition or
denunciation. Most of the extraordi
nary craving for pure sugar and can
dy, which l:i supposed to lead thy
nvorage child to Inevitably "founder
himself" If left to his own mvwt will
and. n box of candy. Is due to a state
of artificial and abnormal sttgnr star
yuirtm, produced . by , an insufficient
imiomit of this Invaluable fond in its
regular diet. . •
<'hlldre:i who art* given plenty of
sugar on their mush, htrnri and but
ter nnd puddings, a regular allowance
of rake -Hid plenty of rwh'( fruits are
nltiiOKt free from this craze for candy,
thix tendency to gorge Iheiiiselves to
surfeit, and can usually be trusted
with both the candy Imi.t and the sugar
bowl.
Night On Bald Mountain
On a lonely night Alex Dentou of
Port Edward, N. V., climbed liald
Mountain to tbe imme of a neighbor,
tortured by Astbma. bent on curing
him with Ur, King's New Discovery,
that bad cured himself ot asthma.
This wonderful medioiue soon re
leived and quickly cured bis neigh
bor.. Later it occured bis sod's wife
ot a severe Jung trouble. Millions
beleive its tbe greatest Throat and
liUOg cute ou Eartb. Coughs, Colds,
Croup, Hemorrhages and More Lungs
are surely cured by it. Best lor Hay
fever, Grip and Whooping Cougb.
SUo und 51. (J0. Trial bottle free,
(iuaranted by Jaokson Drng Store,
1). JJ. Spaguoi Prop.
The Pitt Diamond.
While Pitt, the grandfather of Lord
Chatham, was governor of Fort St.
Ge»rgo lv HiOS he became accjualntcd
willi v Jewel merchant named Jam
fhund, who brought n diamond of
KVoat Hlze for sale. He asked £30.000
for It In t>io rough. It should, of
course, liiiv.b boon bouglit on belinlf of
the company, but Pitt, seeing money
In It, couVd not resist the temptation
of fmikhift' a private burgaln. He be
crime the possessor of the stone for
tho Kuni ct £20.400, mid lie was quite
satisfied that ho had behaved honor
ably when he paid the man, who on
his part was also content. Hut the
diamond was known to be worth more
than Jamchiiiid hud received, and the
transaction save rise to i> good deal
of gossip, which In no way decreased
when later on Pitt Utlti the stone cut
In England ami sold It t<> the regent of
France for £135,000. Kvoil that enoi-
Uioua hum did not represent Its true
value. The stone wan set in tho roynl
crown of Frame. It weighed 410
carats In too rough, but the cuttlug re
duced It to 13U cnrata.— Mrs. Penney's
"Fort St. Goorgo, Madras."
The Road To Success
bus many obstructions, but noun
so desperato an poor bealtb. tiucees
to-day doinaudd bealth. but Khictiui
Hitters is the greatest bealtb builder
the world bas eveikuowu. It compels
perfeut notion ot tha etooiatib, liver,
kidueys, bowels, puriUea and on
rinbes tbe ulood, uud toues and hi
vlgorates tbe whole system. Vicoi
oua body and keen braiu follow thi-lr
use. You ouu't aliord to nli«lit
kieotrioliilters if weak, ruu-dowu or
eickly. Ouly ftOo. Uuaiunteea by
Juoksau Di-uji Htore U. ii. tipagnoll,
i'rop.
hi- ■ ■ i Each ol the chlel or«
f /C...J . -iDv \i it ttrrif/tt t lll^r\ A "**■ '° tlie Chain of
((STOrMCIMIVERMI-UNS^))^^.^.!; b
"*^*w" \~^^ weakest link, the body
w^^^^^*^mm mmmmm ~~"^ no ilronder than its
weakest organ. If there Is weakness ■of stomach, liver or lunfs, there Is a
weak link in the chain of life which may snap at any time. Often this so-called
14 weakness " is caused by lack of nutrition, the result of weakness or disease
of the stomach and other organs ol digestion and nutrition. Diseases and
weaknesses of the stomach and Its allied ortfana are cured by the use ot Ur.
Plerce's Golden Medical Discovery. When tha weak or diseased stomach !•
cured, diseases of other organs which item remote from the stomach but which
hove their origin in a diseased condition of the utomnch iinJ jaw
other organs of digestion and nutrition, are cured also. £• 1
The Btroni man has a atroni mtomach. w 5!B&^
Take the above recommended "Dlacov. jfifi |\
cry" and you may hare a atronH atom- *GA™ ! ~s~ SV.
ach and a strong body.
Givfn Away.— Dr. Pierce** Common Sense Medical Adviser, fcß' ill
new revised Rdition, is sent free on receipt of stamps to pay .Wfißf '.-'f7l
expense of moling only. Send 21 one-cent stamps for the
book in paper covers, or 31 stumps for the cloth-bound vol. |fcs3z»
ume. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. »«—^—
| DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR
j It strengthens the system and builds it up
3o when you breakfast, dine or sup,
,J Be sure the bread that you do eat
i Is mado from purest, best of wheat.
8- DRIPTEBSNOW FLOUR is.
I DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR
••••••••••••••••••••••■••••••••••••••*•••••••••••••••
• BTOBTF MAIN STREET JACXSOH, CAL •
j CITY MEAT MARKET. {
• ...'.'' GEO. L. THOMAS A CO. ' •
i Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamby Hams, •
* Gnned Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc. 3
• At lowest market prices. - - - Orders promptly delivered. •
••••••••♦♦♦♦#♦♦♦••♦♦•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
FURNITURE STORE
Webb Building. JACKSON.
L C. WHITE i PROPRIETOR
Only Exclusive Furniture Store in Amador County.
Bedsteads, Mattresses, Bnreaus,
Tables, Chairs, Rockers, Desks,
■
1 Carpets, Matting, Linoleum," Window Shades
Ranges, Cooking and Heating Stoves
Everything in the housekeeping line may be foramct
at this store, of up-to-date design and quality, and
at reasonable prices.
Houses tarnished Complete on liberal terms.
Carpets fitted and sewed to any sized room; a large assortment
to seloctfrom. .
Call and examine the large and complete stock, and get prices
before purchasing elsewhere.
I Orders from the county will receive prompt attention.
Rurniture Polish, Liquid Glue, and Insect Powder,
Second Hand Furniture Bought, Sold or
Exchanged.
All kinds of Furniture Repair Work Done.
Silk Floss- Mattresses made to order.
Parker House Rolls.
Materials.— Three tablespoon fills of
butter, oue leaspoouful of salt, one-half
cupful of lukewarm water, one yeast
cake, two cupfula of new milk, oue ta
blespoonfu! ut Hllgnr, two t'gg whites
and six cupfuls of Hour.
Way of Preparing.— Scald the milk
and add to it the sugar, salt and but
ter. Let stand until lukewarm. I lieu
add three cupfuls of flour and beat for
live minutes. Add th? dissolved yeast
and let stand until it is n very light,
frothy mass, then add the 'egg whites.
beaten to a stiff froth, and the remain-
Ing Hour. Let rise again until It Is
twice Its original bulk; place on your
molding board. Itnead lightly and then
roll into a sheet half an inch thirk.
Take n large biscuit cutter nnd cut the
dough Into rounds, Brush with melted
butter, fold over and press the edges
together. Place In a buttered pan one
inch apart. Let rise until very light
nnd bake In n hot oven fifteen minutes
—National Food Magazine.
•
A Duck of a Man
Ellon Terr.v and Mr. Halfour met for
the first time at Ihe table of Henry
\V. Lucy In London. During the en*
suing conversation Miss Terry re
mained, strangely Kllent. Presently
the Unionist leader hud Mo leave for
the bouse of commons, nnd Ellen
Terry lit last found her longue. Her
host was relieved to tind that she had
not been bored. Ilrlnglng Uep Hosed
hand down on tho table, she exclaimed
with a glanco toward the door through
whlcb Mr. Hnlfour had passed, "1
think that's a duck of n man!"
"1 Hull'ertul habitually from con
stipation. Douu's KeguleN relioretl
ami etreuytbeuod the bowels, ao that
they huve beeu reKalai ever sluce. "—
A 10 Duvia, Ktooer, HulpLur tipirngs,
Tex. -'
Taunting Him.
It was house-cleaning time, nnd Mr.
Stubb was removing the dusty plc
tujps from the walls. TTie" frames *
slipped, the eteplnddcr creaked omi
nously, and the perspiration rolled
from Mr. Stulb's hrow. In tbe humor
to bite a nail In half, he turned and
discovered Mrs. Stubb laughing.
"That's It!" he roared as tbe step
ladder swayed. "Laugh and show your
gold teeth."
And still she laughed. ',
"Do you think there Im nuythlns
funny in my moving these pictures''"
he spluttered In fiery tones. .
"No, Indeed, John." said Mrs. Stubb
soothingly; "but. you know, you look so
funny it looks like a moving picture
show."
Then Mr. Stuhb swallowed a pint of
dust nnd simply fumed. — Chicago
News.
Wrong Diagnosis.
A song nith the tltli 1 "There's ti Slrli
In the Heart" was sent by v young
ttt'uh to bis sweetheart, hilt the paper
fell Into the hands of the girl's father.
n very unsentimental physician, who
exclaimed;
"What wretched. unscleiMlllo Htuflf U
this? Whoever heard of such n case?"
He uroie on the outside:
"Mistaken diagnosis; no sigb in tbe
heart possible. Sighs relate almost en
tirely to the lungs and diaphragm!"
The Reason,
PlMOtinteuled Wife— Several of th«
men whom I refused vyhril I uanrrlert
you are richer than you arc now.
Tho Husbaud-ThiU'a tftiy.—lllWh
t rated Hits. '
do is the noblest who bus ralswl
•iluiself by bis own exertions to A
blgbcr «tatfon..T^acero. ... . ...OFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National Government.
EXECUTIVE
Prowld en fc...... : .;.'.t.. William H. Tuft
Vice President James S. Shortnan
JUDICIARY
Ui 8. SUI'IIKME COUItT JUSTICES
(Chief Jußtlco Fuller)
First circuit Oliver W. Holms
Second circuit.... llufus W. Peckham
Third circuit Ilencry W. Drown
Fourth circuit Melville W. Puller
fifth circuit Edward w. White
Sixth circuit John M. Hurlan
Seventh circuit William U Day
Eight circuit David J.- Brower
Ninth circuit. Joseph McKonna
NINTH JUDICAL, CIRCUIT
(Pacific States anil Territories)
Circuit judgo William W. Morrow
Circuit judge Esklro M. Iloss
Circuit judgo William B. Glllwrt,
U. S. Commissioner for Ainudor coun
ty Richard Webb
LEGISLATIVE
SENATORS FROM CALIFORNIA
Goorgo C. Perkins and Frank P. Flint
CONGRESSMEN FROM CALIFORNIA
First district Wm, Etißlebright
Second district. . .Duncau E, McKinlay
Third distract ...Joseph K. Knowlnnd
Fourth district .Julius Kahn
Fifth district E. A. Huvos
Sixth district James C. Ncodham
Seventh district James -McLachlau
' Eighth district S. C. Smith
State Government.
EXECUTIVE
Governor James N. Gillett
Lieut-Governor Warren It, Porter
Secretary of Stato. . . .Charles F. Curry
Controller A. B. Nye
Treasurer Win. It. Williams
Attorney-General... Ulysses S. Webb
Surveyor-General.. Wm. S. Kingsbury
Supt. Stato Prlntiug. . W. W. Shannon
Clerk Supreme Court. . .F, L. Caughey
JUDICARY
SUPREME COURT
Chief Justice Wm. 11. Beaty
Associate Justice ...T. B. McFarland
Associate J ustice )F. W. Henshaw
Associate Justice. . . W. G. Lorie;an
Associate Justice ...... F. M. Augellotti
Assoctate Justice Lucian Shaw
Associate Justice M. C. Sloss
#i ;: "APPELLATE JUSTICES '• 
First district James A. Cooper
First district, Samuel P. Hull
First district Frank 11. Kerrigan
Second district Matthew T. Alfen
Seconildistriet James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw
Third district. Norton P. Chipman
ThUd district Albert G. Burnett
Third district.... Elijah C. Hurt
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
First district Joseph H Scott
Second district • -Alex Brown
Third district Richard E.Collins
Fourth district Jell D. McElvaine
RAILROAD COMMISSION
First district Alex C. Urwiu
Second district Andrew M. Wilsou
Third district.. Theodore Sumtnerland
LEGISLATIVE
Senator, 10th district.. . .A. Camincttl
Assemblyman. 11th dist..G. F. Snydor
U. S. LAND OFFICE.
[Sacramento]
Register John F. Armstrong
Receiver John C. Ing
County Government.
Superior Judge..: Hon. Fred V. Wood
Sheriff & Tax Collector. ..US Gregory
Deputy W. T. Connors
District Attorney C. P. Vicini
Clerk and Auditor J. K. Huberty
Deputy I J> Newman
Recorder Thos. M. Ryan
Deputy L. G. Meohun
Treasurer.... George A. Giltion
Assessor... C. E. Jarvis
Deputy Goorgo A. Gordon
Surveror Wm. Brown
Supt. of Schols W. U. Greeuhttljjh
Supt. Hospital F. B. LeMolo
Physician E. E. Endicott, M.I).
Corner & Public Adiur . . . H. E. Potter
Court Commissioner. . . .Geo A Gordon
UOAUO OP SUPERVISORS
Township 1, ...J0hn Strouui, Juckbon
Townsblp2 U. H. Hagley, lone
Township 3 A. Grillo, Volcano
Township 4D. A. Frasor Suttor Creek
Township 5 L. Uurke, Plymouth
[Chairman]
JUSTICES OF THE I'HACE
Township No. 1 A. Goldner
Township No. 2 T. H.Gartlin
Towuship No. 3 A. W. Roblu«on
Township No. 4 W. L. Hoso
Township No. 5 John Blower
CONSTABLES
Township No. 1 A. Luvorone
Township No, 2 J. B. Kolloy
To.vuxhlp No. 8 *. .T. O. MeKeuze
Township No. 4 T. S. Tuttlo
Township No. 6 N. E, Wheeler
A WISE DEDUCTION
F. A. MITCH EL
(Copyright, 1009, by American Press A«so-
elation. l
There livril In Asln Minor, n mnn
nninod Kalnldjien. a Brent philosopher,
who spent yc-nrn hi hnutliiß for the
101 l fee of PTlli At last he Hot I led down
to tho Conclusion thai all the trouble
In the wovltl (iiniH from woman's van-
Ity. Kalaldjlen about 1 lie time he
made this discovery was presented by
his wife with 11 daughter. lie GHve
orders that the child should lie brought
up with 11 limited number of compan
ions Mid attendant*. IIOUS of whom
should ever refer to her porconnl np
pcnrniico nr.d cv ho nctouul should she
over Ijo allowed to look upon her fare
in 11 mirror.
Molm-that was the child's nnmo
grt'W tip to 1)0 a very beautiful wom
an, liy and by a yoiin.'t inn II mine
COtirtlug her.- or ralhcr asked for her
from her father. To tin* request the
latter replied: .
"Yoara of stiidy, Trillos"— ttinl wim
the suiter's name— "have convinced me
that the. koui'U! of evil Is Ij woninnVt
vanity. For that reason I have guarded
my daughter that Ihla Ilendish spirit
should Hut be permitted to enter Into
her. No one hiio ever toltl her that
she liri beautiful, nor has she ever Keen
her I'nco reflected. She shall lie your
wife on yo'.n 1 promise to carry out this
policy whirl: t have begun."
Thi! lover consented, and the .couple
w'.'i'i' UMivk-d. The brlde'll 'mother at
thi' llnie of the wedding secretly pre- r
seutod her daus'itor with a mirror: but.
hopln/i pS'i '\nTt .the ''eo'msi'nurueos
ritfiilhiM wllieh Kalaidjlen had so long
puaitl.-d. she told Molra that whenever
she looked Into it she would see her
inotlier'n I'ace an it would appear hi
heaven. Shortly after the WlHidhlg th;. 1
mother died, and the daughter found
the mirror an Inestimable treasure.
The mot her, in order to Insure the se
cret of Its possession ijoliiß kept, had
told her that If site revealed it she (the
mother* would grow old and ugly In
lu-avcji and becast out Into hell. Molra]
greatly dmidiiiß mieh a consequence,
carefully bid the mirror In a secret
drawer in her cabinet, only opened by
a key which she kept on her person.
Once a month her [husband was
obliged to go to a distant city on busi
ness, and then Moira would take out
her mirror and reverently feast her
eyes upon her mother In paradise.
Meanwhile Tutloa kept up the sur
veillance over his wife that her father
had instituted. In western countries
this would have been impossible, but
not co in (he east, where every man Is
master of his own household. Under
the influence of a beautiful face which
looked out ut her from the mirror af
fectionately Moira every year grew
spiritually ill! re and more beautiful.
' though"- physically she passed her
prime, like other women, and tier phys
ical beauty bepan to wane. But she
saw only in her reflected face the spir
itual and did not recognize the decay
of the physical.
- \Vlic*!i Tutlos was about to go on one
of bis journeys he decided to take his
wife with him. Molra. fearing for the
safely of her treasure, locked it in n
b»x nnd. taking it to a temple, gave it
hi tuiirge of a priest to keep till her
return. It happened that Tatlos saw
her no out and, being suspicious, fol
lowed her and watched her carry the
box into the temple. He said nothing
•it the time, but brooded over the se
cret which bis wife bad apart from
him and on her return to his homo
went to the temple and demauded the
box. The priest would give it to no
oue but her who had left it. so Tatios
demanded that buo go to the temple
and open the box before him.
Moira was In agony that her mother
could look at her no longer and. be
coming ugly, would be cast out of
heaven. She told ber husband her
secret and. as he was unmovable. went,
with blm to the temple and gave him
the box with the key. nnd, opening it.
he took out the mirror. Knowing that
all the care he had for many years
exercised had been aborted, lie was In.
great nnger.
"Woman." he said, "you -have been
looking at your own face. When you
first wiw it It was young and beauti
ful. Now It Is old and faded". Look,
undeceived by your fancy, nnd see.
t'.iat what 1 tell you Is true!"
Molra. convinced that she was look
iug sit her own reflection, ceased to sco
In It 11 spiritual beauty, viewing only
the Image of an old woman. Angered
with her husband that he should have
spoiled the charm, she cursed him.
At tnlH point the priest said to the
husband:
"Oh. Tatlos. you have been acting
on the assumption that evil has Its
Hource in the vnulty^tf woiuun. Look
rather within thyself. Believing that
her good mother looked down upon her
from heaven, your wife has been kept
pure In the contemplation of her own
lmare. It Is the use made of beauty,
not bounty Itself, that brings good
or evil and mail's mastery of It, for
man's selfish desires must always bring
evil. You have destroyed a source of
good within your wife, nnd suo bus
vursed you."
The husband, seeing what he had
done, bowed his hend and begged for
clveneHs of his wife. She forgave him
through the Influence of her past ccn
teinplttioii of tlio good us Keen through
(he beautiful. But the spell bad been
broken. The wife, no longer sustained
by the mother who had so long looked
ut her from heaven, at times gave way
to the peevishness of age, and ber hus
bniid enw Mint the meat treble treasure
he had thrown away wns not to be re
covered. Yet from that time under the
Influence of a new philosophy be was
h better num.
But It was be who bore tue burden
of being amiable Instead of his wlf*.
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weekly for tho Ledger.
The Problem of Fire proofing.—Chame
leon Fishes.— The Eel's Migration to
the Sea.— American Birds in England.
-Anesthetic Hairdressing.— The Elec
tric Shovel.— Chemistry of One-Eyed.
Monsters. — Ozon i zed Water. - A Twen •
tieth Century Fossil.
Late inquiries in Europe make it
evident that a perfect rrethod for making
wood and textiles uninflammable is yet
to be found, but many fire-prooflng
substances have been used, the most
common being phosphates, tungstates,
borates and particularly ammoniacal
salts,' boric acid, chlorides of calcium,
magnesium and zinc, and silicate -of
sodium. Studying the effect on tissues,
Lochtin, a German chemist, has found
that preference should be given to sul
phate of ammonia, phospatc of ammonia
chlorides of ammonia and ! zinc, alum,
borax, boric acid, and a precipitate of
alluminnte of sodium known as alum.
Ths first three and alumin gave the best
resutls. The ammoniacal salts, voltiliz
ing under heat, .form coraflfctjly incom
bustible mixtures with the combustible
gases, and the same is true of chlorides
of calcium, magnesium and zinc, but
the action of alum is purely mechani
cal. Some salts often tried— such' as
phosphates of lime and magnesia, tung
state of ammonia, and sulphate of mag
nesia—have little effect. Others actual
ly increase combustibility, and these
include according to Lochtin} sulphates,
sulphites, hyposulphites, silicates, and
carbonates of zinc, lime and magnesia,
and ferrous sulphates. French chemists
note, however, that silicate of soda has
been successfully used. The Paris_ Fire
Commissioners recommend steeping tex
tiles in a ten per cent solution of phos
phate of ammonia, and, while many
processes are in actual use, a recent ten
dency has been to return to ammoniacal
salts for treating wood by injection
under pressure.
Curious color changes of various
tropical fishes from the Bermudas have
been niade in the New York Aquarium.
Under excitement, some of them can
pass instantly from, a uriformly dark
color to a banded dark and white aspect,
then to four other phases of change,
including a uniformly creamy-white
one. '! "'■'•'■ ■
A Swedish investigation' shot's, "fhat
most five-year old eels collect at the
mouths of rivers entering the Gottland
and Botten lakes, remaining 5 to 7
years, after which they seek the Atlan
tic to spawn, going via the Kattegat,
Satgerack and North Sea.
One of the most interesting of Ameri
can colonies fwas established a few
months ago at Guilford, in Surrey,
where Old England has been solicitous
ly guarding it. Early in the spring
seventeen specimens of the American
robin Merula migratoria were imported,
and, after a few weeks in an open air
aviary, most of them were liberated
about the middle of June.. The birds at
once mated and began nest-building ,in
the trees. The colony now included be
tween forty and fifty old and young
robins, and these are being closely
watched, in the hope that liberal feeding
may overcome their migratory instinct,
and prevent them from Hying away and
becoming hoplessly scattered on the ap
proach of cold weather. Their cheery
note— interpreted as "Kill 'em, cure
'em, give 'em physic" — has endeared
them to the human neighbors about
their new home.
As a volatile grease-remover, quickly
leaving the hair quite dry, an effective
substance was found by hairdressers
some years ago in ether, benzene or
other light hydrocarbon. Such materials,
however, proved exceedingly dangerous
on account of their inflammabilty, be
ing even liable to ignition by electric
sparks from the air. A volatile grease
solvent less liable to take fire was found
in carbon tetrachloride, but this has
brought a new danger, as it has anesthe
tic effects that in cases of weak heart
have proved fatal. A recent death from
this cause leads a medical authority to
declare that soak and distilled water
serve quite as well as a dry wash.
The conversion of the steam shovel
into the electric shovel is a somewhat
unexpected evolution, but two 110-ton
machines used in limestone quarrying
by a Chicago firm gave the hoisting and
the digging movement controlled by
separate motors of 200 and 80 horse
power respectively. Each motor has
an automatic magnetic switch controller
protecting against varying load, and giv
ing great accuracy of operation. A reel
in the cab carries a feed cable, which
can be connected to a fixed conductor at
any convenient place, and the machine
is moved by its own power. ' Fewer
operations are necessary than for the
steam shovel, while there is important
gain in the dropping of water and fuel.
The curious discovery was made not
long ago that Cyclopean monsters —
abno-mal creatures having one eye in
the center of the fore head— are not al
ways due to inherited tendencies, but
are more likely to be produced by en
vironment, and chemical or mechanical
influences. These monsters occur in
human mammals as well as in other
species. It has been found that in
certain animals the abnormal develop
ment is always produced by definite
chemical agents, and the action of lit
hium gives both the abnormal sea
urchin larva reported by Herbst and the
abnormal frog embroyo described by
Morgan. The first vertebrate Cycloean
monster produced artificially by chemi
cal means not long ago resulted from C.
R. Stockard's use of magnesium on a
marine fish, Fundulus heteroclitus. In
sea water containing an excess of mag
nesium chloride, fifty per cent of the
Fundulus egg developed into Cyclopean
fry, and these seem strong and vigorous,
and show no lessening of visual powers.
The one eye is due to arrested develop
mont, although the brain and other or
gans dcvelope normally. The obser
vations have led to a novel theory, and
suggest that hurman and other Cycloean
monsters result from an excess of mag
nesium salts In the mother's blood.
The new ozonizing plant at St. Maur,
near Paris, sterilizes the water of the
Marne river at a cost-of somewhat ess
than five cents a thousand feet. Ozone
generators of the Siemens type arc oper
ated by a high tension alternating cir
cuit, obtained by transforming the cur
rent of 110-volt alternator, which is
driven by a 44-horse-power steam en
gine. No trace of nitrous oxide or other
harmful product from the apparatus can
be found in the sterilized water. The
great advantage of ozone as a purifier is
that it adds to the water only oxygen,
and this aids in aeriation.
The works of a lady's watch, with a
German silver chain, form the unique
fossil reported by D. J. Mahoney form
St. Kilda in the Hebrides. They were
completely encased in recent sandstone,
formed of beach sand consolidated with
lime and somewhat iron-stained, and the
movement has been recognized as of a
type first made twenty years ago.
BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH
©AM ' raJkMPlS§®@ ■ -
BULLETIN
San Francisco's Leading Daily, the
AMADDR LEDBER
Is enabled to offer old and new subscribers
Amador Ledger - •£**« i ™
The Bulletin - - D^ & j *\« r
This is an extraordinary offer, and may be withdrawn at any time, so wo would
suggest that all old subscribers in arrears pay back accounts that they may take
advantage of this special combination sale.
0
THE BULLETIN is famous from coast to coast for its tight in! defonso of clean
government, and is read by more people daily than tho combined circulation ot
all other San Fraucisoo dailies.
You will appreciate tho value of this oiler when you consider that any of tho
other San Francisco papers will cost you $8 per year.
SUBSCRIBE TO-DAY !
HE WANTED A PARROT.
The Use to Which the Old Man V/euld
Put tin Green Bird.
Wo nrc nil ItrUltig for two thinj;*
.VUfCCfiS II 11(1 IlilpplllUKS. TO ROt tlH'S'.'
litany of im nW MfngStlliS for n thir.l
-foruiiH'. in mrlrliifl 10 niifllu our
(k-slros many of iim liofd it ifrocn par
rot. In 11 little lowu In lowii. In tho
midst of :i grout Mitlcli of t lnilicr Mini
niemlow, 11 man hull! 11 •ihmilo. Some
Ibinn ovor 123,000 ho djicilt In bnililhi),'
it home, It wag ilnlslicil within with
I In 1 llncst polished wood* The founda
tion was of browiistdiip. tho windows
of I'ronch pin 10, nnd every dotnll wns
ciirricil out In the host manner. lie
had grown In bo nil old man. Ho had
iilwnys lived In a modest CO ltd go of
six rooms. This lUflniloti lisiri (ifloon.
On one side there wnx n mngulflcent
stone arch over the paved drive thnt
led up to tlio house. lie hnri Just com
pleted showing a friend over the
jiln'cc and roachrd I Ills point when the
visiinr pxi'lniniod!
"Well. John, you ought to bo happy.
Thin Is a tnitßnlllcriit Immt*. floru Is
everything one could wlsivfor."
"Wa.-il." replied the old man. who
was a CHttlt 1 buyer, "it follow always
wants siinietliliiK else."
"What on earth could you want?"
WU3 the (juyry,
"A piroen parrot to hang up thar in
the drive."
"Why 11 RTcrii parrot?"
"So every tnnmlllg afore I drive out
lie would sa"v. 'John, you're n darn
fool.' "— Cleveland Press.
Children Cry
FOR FLETCHER'S
CASTORIA
Tiike cure n( your atomnob. Let
Kudul digest all the food you not, for
Hint is what, Koditl does. Kerry
tablespoon of Kudsil digests '24
pounds of food. Try it today. It is
gnnrnutood to rolieve you or your
mouoy back. Hold by (Jity Pharmacy,
!•'. \V. II v beer, Prop.
Wiiit (he Jury Found
Some yi'iii'M Njjd i!ip iifulj of n nrli
dn'ssrd nmn was fmiiMf In n Old on
the uufaklrla of sin fcJtiKlfwii (otnt,
ThPfC were no in.-! rk«« <>t violence. iuml
Ir V.ns doubtful w he! her dc:it h hud <«
en'nd from mi turn I mines nr If Hifl
liKiiviiimii im«t miiintltffti Attldde. In
due tolirsc tlio body «•«» l(loiitl!'"<l.
ntid n vrnll<*ii)Hii Wbo find boon h:
'liiiliitcd Tilth fliP «I«<(!iisod |PW Cfltjdil
ti|>.m to fih? evident o at (In; InntU'ftfa
Amour ot lx-i- tlilujTH. lie slated (but Iffl
hiul ulwny* considered blm to be n man
of htnrkrd I'llos.vnviasl^s. nud his brain
wns ('onlliiiiiM.v rxclted by his Irrenlst-
Iblo fondue. .< for Hiliiierni <>f vnrl
ou« kinds. The jury wns evidently
satisfied with liM tttntcntetit mid Im
mediately bnnißlit In n verdict that
"doalh Wit* caused by Idloujflicninlei
funning on the briiln In consequence
of excessive Indulgence In chimeras,"
lidding ii rider tlint "It nhoiild bo .1
wnrnlnß to peoplo to refrain from that
nnd other Intoxicating beverages."
A Tartar Courtship.
Among Iho TclntlliUi Tnrturs n tnrl-
Oltft mode of !'popplng the question*
exists. The Teliullitn bachelor In
search of a wife. Inivlng filled n l.raml
new jiipe with fragrant tobacco!
stealthily rulers the dwelling of the
fair one upon whom ho has hoHtowecJ
Ills riffectlortß, dnpo?ll« the pipe upon a
CoiMplctloii!) iirilcle of furniture titid
retires on llptcjo to Roruo convenient
hiding pluco in the neighborhood, !•• :il
etiquette requiring that he should < js
ocuto this strategic movement iip[nu*-
Otiily undetected by the damsel of his
choice it nny other mem her of her
family. Presently he returns wlthjmt
further nffoctntlon <'f seeivcy and loaks
Into the apartment in a casual sori or
way. A single glance at: "the pipe ho
left behind him enable* him to lcnrii
tho fate of hU proposal. If it lias I; peri
smoked he rocs forth an accepted fluid
exultant bridegroom; if not, the offer
of Ills hand and heart has been k<> Ir
revocably rejected as not to Ijo even
worth a pipe of tobacco.Garibalcli'Grillo Decision
Concluded trom page I
queston or the answer, if any, thereto)
Ques. Have you ever prospected the
ground before?
Ans. No, sir.
Ques. You know that it had gold from
other parties telling you, in paying quaiv
titles?
Ans. Yes, sir.
Upon cross-examination he testified
that there was no gravel upon the sur
face of the claim ; that the ground was
covered with a lava cap, and that It was
deep in some places.
It did not appear when or by whom
he was told that the ground contained
gold in paying quantities, nor was it
shown that it was known or generally
reputed or understood in the community
that the ground contained gold, or was
valuable for placer mining.
In the case of Miller vs. Chrisman,
140 Cal., page 444, the supreme court of
this state, in discussing the sufficiency
«f the evidence to prove a discovery of
oil. and nfter referring to the law by
which the rules governing the location
of placer mining claims is made applic*
able to oil claim locations, had this to
say:
"Giving fullest weight to the testimony,
it amounts to no more than this, that
Barieau had walked over the land at the
time he posted his notice, and had dis
covered indications of petroleum. He
saw a spring and the oil comes out and
floats over the water in the summer
time, when it is hot. In June, 1995,"
there was a little water with oil" and a
littlj oil with water coming out. It was
dripping over a rock about two feet high.
There was no pool; it was just dripping
a little water and oil, not much water .
..'. . We think it clear that such testi
mony does not establish a discovery
within the meaning of the law. To con
stitute a discovery the law requires some
thins more than conjecture, hope, or
even indicatons. 1 he geological formatio
of the country may be such as scientific
research and practical experience have
shown to be likely to yield oil in paying
quantities. Taken with this there may
be other surface indications such as
seepage of oil.' All these things com
bined may be sufficient to justify the
e.\fe:tation and hope that upon driving a
well to sufficient depth, oil may be dis
covered, but one and all they do not in
and of themselves amount to a discov
ery."
This case of Miller vs. Cnristman was
carried to the Supreme Court of United
States, and is reported in volume 197
U. S. at page 314, and the judgment de
claring the location invalid affirmed, that
court saying:
"Giving full weight to the testimony
of Barieau, we should not be justified,
even in a case coming from a federal
court in overthrowing the finding that he
had made no discovery. There was not
enough in what he claims to have seen
to have justified a prudent person in the
expenditure of money and labor in ex
ploitation for petroleum.
It is essential to the validity of a loca
tion that the discovery of mineral there
on be such that "an ordinarily prudent
man, not necessarily a miner, would be
justified in expending his time and labor
thereon in the development of the prop
erty."
Cascaden v. Bartolis, 146. Fed. 711.
Lindley on Mines, sec. 330.
Where psrsons, situated as are plain
tiffs in this action, who are not in pos
sses.on and have expended no labor or
money in developing a claim, but are
asserting title based solely upon an al
leged discovery and marking of the
boundaries of a claim supposed to con
tain gold bearing gravel in subterranean
channels, and in proof of such discovery
show that the ground claimsd is on a
hill, covered with a lava cap, with no
gravel on the surface, and the extent of
thei.r prospecting is merely taking out
two pans of surface dirt, without any
other showing as to the character of the
dirt prospected or where it was found or
the geological formation of the ground,
or whether its character is similar to
that where placer gold is usually found,
ie seems to me that they have failed to
make a discovery such that an ordinarily
prudent man, not neessarily a miner,
would be justified in expending his time
and labor thereon in developing of the
property and have therefore failed to
prove legal title to the property.
As before mentioned, the defendant's
claim of title as] successors of J. B.
Skinner is based upon a deed from M.
Skinner to defendants, bearing date
August 20, 1902. The description is by
legal subdivisions, and describes land in
southeast quarter of section 22, while
the land in dispute is located In the
north-east quarter, and it is the conten
tion of defendants that by the mistake
of the scrivener who drew the deed the
word south was substituted, for the word
north, and with this correction the deed
gives a perfect description of the twenty
acres in controversy. Defendants sought
to Introduce the testimony of a witness
to show that such mistake was made, but
the testimony was excluded upon plain
tiff's motion.
tThe testimony of a witness which tends
to contradict or limit the operation of a
deed should be excluded on motion.
Judson vs. Mallory, 40 Cal., 300
When the language of a deed is explicit
«nd free from ambiguity, extrinsic facts
cannot be proved to show that the inten
tinn of the parties was different from
that which the words of the deed im
port.
Ca9tro vs. Tennent, 44 Cal., 258.
Kxtrinsic; evidence is incapable of re
moving a patent ambiguity in the des
cription of a deed, and n suit in eject
ment founded on such deed must fail.
The title should be first perfected by an
action brought* for the reformation of the
deed.
2 Devlin^on Heeds.see. 101.
This deed from Christensen however
contained a descriptive name,the prem
ises conveyed being referred to as "the
Cleveland Consolidated Placer mine,"
and the deed was admitted in evidence
subject to the right of defendants to
prove by other testimony that the twenty
acres in dispute was known by such
descriptive name.
When property has a descriptive name
it may be conveyed by that name.
Sec. 1092 Civil Code.
And defects in other part of description
may be disregarded.
Hartin vs. Lloyd, 94 Cal., lUS.
And evidence that it was generally
known and spoken of by such name is
received.
Murray s. Tulare Irrigation Co., 120
Cal., 315. ■
Carter vs. Bacigalupi, 83 Cal., 193.
Hill vs Ho Coy, I CCatl t app. 163.
There was oral testimony bya number
of witnesses at the trial showing that
the twenty acres in dispute was known
as 'The Cleveland Consolidated Placer
Mine.
Witnesses for plaintiffs however testi
fied that the property was known as »the
'Eckart Claim', while one said it was
known as the 'Christensen and Skinner
diggings'. There was no evidene that
defendants grantor Christensen ever re
ferred to the property in controversy as
'The Cleveland Consoildated Placer
Aline', but there was documentary
evidence that he referred to his mining
claims by that name. He filed proof of
annual labor upon the 'Cleveland Con
solidated Placer Mine, for the years
1898, 1899 1900, and 1901. In his proof
for 1898, he includes 'in the Cleveland
Consolidated Placer Mine' 1500 acres
of land, but only ten acres of the twenty
acres here in controversy. In the year
1899, he described the same 150 acres.
In 19C0 he included the whole' twenty
acres with fifty acres of other lands
while in his proof for 1901, made about
eight months before the execution of his
deed to defendants he described the
Cleveland Consolidated Placer Mine as
being twenty acres in the south east
quarter of the section, the same er
roneous description by legal subdi
visions as contained in his deed.
It will thus be seen that there is no
evidence that Christensen ever mdi
cated that the boundaries of the Cleve
land Consolidated Placer Mine were co
extensive with the property in^dispute,
and it follows that defendants can^ not
connect themselves with the Skinner
location, without a corrected deed from
Christensen or an action for the re
formation of the same.
Dsfendants claim that notwithstanding
the erroneous description in the Chris
tensen deed they have proved a title by
adverse possession for five years,
because they based their claims to the
twenty acres under the Christensen
deed, and that for more than five years
preceding the commencement of ths
action they have performed the necessary
annual labor each year in developing
the claim by driving the tunnel forward,
which by them it is contended .consti
tutes possession under the law as de
clared in English vs. Johnson, 17" Cal.
109. It was there said :
The taking up of mineral and in pur
suance of the mining regulations of the
vicinage gives possessory titfe to the
claim just as an entry in the land office
....... but it does not follow, be
cause this is the regular and usual way
of obtaining possession, that a posses
sion not so obtained would necessarily
be without the protection of the law.
In mining claims we require no other
acts, as evidence of possession, than
those usually exercised by the owner of
such claims. . . . Going on the lead to
work it, or even done in proximity and
in direct relation to the claim, for the
purpose of extracting, or preparing to
extract minerals from it, as for example
starting a tunnel considerable distance
off to run into the claim would be a
possession of the claim within the
meaning of the rule.
It appears that the boundaries of the
mining claim mentioned in English vs.
Johnson, were marked out by a small
ditch such as . mines usually made to
designate their lines, which ditch could
be easily traced, and that the plaintiffs
put up notices, on the ground of what
they claimed. While in the present
case the testimony showed that at the
time of the trial the twenty acres was
enclosed by a fence and staked at the
corners, but the evidence for the plain
tiff showed that all the time they
posted their own notice of location
there was no fence, no evidence to in
dicate the boundaries and only a stake
or momment at one corner of the' claim.
The case of English vs. Johnson was
cited in the subsequent case of Hess
vs. Winder, 30 Cal. 350, and in that
case the plaintiff claimed as do defend
ants in this controversy that their pos
session of the entire claim was good
without a location, bat the court Jheld
that the claim was destitute of mom
merits necessary to indicate the tract of
land claimed or to advise the most vigi
lant observer of the possession claimed,
and at page 375 of the decision, it is
sard:
" That the boundarlca of the land
claimed for mining purposes must be
indicated by such distinct physical
marks or monuments as will fairly adver
tise to all concerned where and what it
is, or In other words its extent. Also
in the Hess vs. Winder case as here,
the parties claimed that as they were in
actual possession of a portion of the
land and claiming under a deed they
were constructively In possession of
the whole, even though such deed did
not sufficiently Indicate the boundaries,
but the ccurt disposed of the contention
in this language:
"If the deed contains no deflntic and
certain boundaries which can be locat
ed, marked out, and made known, it
can not have the effect to extend the
possession beyond the possessio
pedis which \is definite, positive
and notorious. The deed in
question does not contain a description
which could aid to extend the plain
tiffs possession by construction."
In the caae of Gregory vs. Persh
baker, reported in 73 ' Cal. Reports,
page 110 et seq., the intervenor having
made a location which was found to be
subsequent to that of plaintiff, sought
to hold possession of the claim by
reason of work done in constructing a
tunnel thereunder, but the court in de
ciding against him said:
"As to any claim to the possession
(of the mining claim) based on occu
pancy by the tunnel under a portion of
plaintiff's location such occupancy, if it
could be considered at alt under the
statutes would extend oniy to the space
within the walls" of the tunnel, and
could not be extended beyond them by
any rule of constructive possession.^
there was evidence on th^ part of
defendants showing that they had
actually discovered gold probably in
paying quantities within the boundaries
of the twenty acres in dispute, which
taken in connection with the evidence
of marking the boundaries . some time
prior to the trial and in fact enclosing
the claim with a wire fence and the
working in the tunnel, would seem to
indicate that defendants had perfected
a good location to the twenty acres, as
the law stood prior to July Ist of this
year, when the new act providing for
the manner of locating lode and placer
mining claims went into effect, but as
this discovery is not clearly shown to
have been made prior to the filing of
defendants cross complaint but on the
contrary appears to have been made dur
ing the pendency of ihe trial it is un
necessary to determine whether defen
dants have thus acquired, a valid loca
tion as no relief can be granted in this
action, to defendants based upon a title
acquired subsequent to the filing of the
cross complaint.
A judgment will be entered adjudg-:
ing that neither plaintiffs nor defen
dants are entitled to any relief in this
action.
Dated Sept. 16th, 1909.
FRED V. WOODS, Judge.
Dr. C. W. Brown
VETERINARY SURGEON
and DENTIST
r'LAUKKVILLE 1 CMLII' 1 .
Telephnua Moiu IGI
All kinds of veterinary dpntal and
surgical work skilflully performed.
Amador Hotel
J. M. Caff man, Prop.
Board by Day, Week or Month
Table always supplied with
t'jo very best in the market
SAMPLE ROOMS i
For Commercial Travellers - '
Opp. Livery Stable Amador City
Phone Main 121
Special Small Ads.
Advertisements under this liend, not exceed-
ing 5 Hues, will be Inserted at &0u per moulli . or
6 vents per line for less tnan one mouth
ALL binds of Blanks (orb, S. Land Filings—
Homestead, Timber und Mineral blanks —
may be bad at the T«edger office; also deeds
mortgages, mining locations, proof of labor
and otber legal blanks kept (or sale
Mining BlgDalß *ou clotb, required
to be posted iv all luiiiua, for nulo at
tbe Ledger oltice.
Kor Bale— Lot of benches, formerly
used io Webb ball; (3 mid 8 teet loog;
suitable for enow plaoe,oburobeß, eto.
Will be sold oaeup; apply ut Ledger
otfloe.
Keoeipt bookb, locution Munka, deeds
mortgages, promissory notes, eto.
for sale; also mining signals on
cloth at Ledger office
• ■ •
• DAILY STAGE LINE •
• lIKTWF.F.N •
• JACKSON and Eh DORADO •
• J. Stelner, Proprietor. •
£ r.Mfns jnoknnti ove.y morning at I'M J
• a, m : arrive* at Plymouth 10:80 a. m. •
• Loavo* Plymouth nt Ip.m.; arrives at •
J El Dorado 6p. m J
? Leave* El Dorado 7: IS a. m ; arrives J
tj at Plymouth II a.m. Leare* Plymouth «
• At Bp. m i arrtvos In Jaoknon At 5 p.m. •
5 OrrtCKS—Jaoknon. National Hotel; But- J
7 terCrook, Amnrinnn Kxchangc; Amu- Z
Z dor City, Amitdor Hotel ; Dry town, Xx- 2
5 change; Plymouth, Forest House A
• Prompt delivery of packages. •
• This linn ronneotft with passenger 2
• trains to and from Placervllle. *
Z THROUGH FARE • - • • ts.6o 2
• Fifty pounds of baggage free. •
• ••••••••••!>••••••••••••••
10870
A $100 Typewriter
for It cents a Day
Plnnnn read the liomlhin ovor Again. Then It*
tremendous Mgniflcance will dawn upon you.
An Oliver Typewriter — the gtaudnrd vlfllbln
writer— the JlflO machine— the most highly pnr-
feetml typewriter on tho markot— yours for 17
cents » <layt?V *— - '■
Tho typcfrltOT wliobO conqmrt nt ■ I'je com-
nuToliil world Is a matter ot bOslnesß history—
yours for 17 cents a duy I
Tlie typewriter that Is equlnpod with Rcore» ot
sneb conrenloncns iin "The Balance Hliltt," tho
"Ruling Derlco," tho "Double Iteloatto," the "Lo-
comotive Dane," the "Automotio Spacer," the
"Automntlc Tabulator," the "Disappearing In-
dlcntor," the "Adjustable Paper Fingers," tho
_ "Sclenlflc Cond.'nsod
js JK Keyboard," all
j\ ffajL Yours for 17 Cents
*fcP ffii' xfflsiJM w ° nnn ° iin< ' nil |i||a
J&r^ ' ir*-ssEzaa^ now Bales plan rocent-
*^E?V> n* rTjs>'z2234>\r Tj5>'z2234>\ ly. Just to feel the pulßO
iNn rKSBSp&HK'^I »t tlio people. Simply
Ntf, p>T»4j»»f-.K n mnall r.nnh payment.
>»w SSLjjj** ,i then If cents a day
>^Jv _2£§s?'-'^ •" That 18 the plan In a
nutshell.
Tbe rcsnlt has boon such a deluge of applica-
tions for machines that wo aro simply as-
tounded.
, The domand comes from people of all classes,
all aXes, all occupation*.
Tho majority of Inauirles has come from peoplo
of known financial standing who were attracted
by the norely of the proposition. An Impressive
demonstration of the Immense popularity of the
OlWer'Tyi»writer.
A startling confirmation of out beliof that the
Era of Universal Typewriting Is at hand.
A Quarter of a Million People are
Making Money with
Tfie *-
OLIVER
Typewriter
The Standard Visible Typewriter
"The Oliver Typewriter Is a monoy-maker, right
fronwtho word ■go I" So easy to run that begin-
ners scon got In the "expert" claes Eurn as
you learn Lot the machine pay the 17 cents a
day— and all above that 1» yours.
Wherever you ure, there's work to bo done
and money to be made by using iho Oliver.
Tho business world Is calling for Oliver oper-
ators. Thoro aro not enough Io supply the
demand. Their salaries are considerably above
those of many classes of workers.
An Oliver Typewriter in every Home
' That Is our battle cry today, We have made
the Oliver supreme In usefulness and absolute-
ly Indispensable la business Now conies the
conquest ot the home
The simplicity and strength of tho Oliver flt It
for family usij. It is becoming an Important
factor In tho home training of young people
An educator as well as a money maker.
Our uew selling plan puts tho Oliver on the
threshold of overy home in America. Will you
close tho dooro of your home or offlco ou this
remarkable Oliver opportunity ?
Write for further details of our easy offer and
a froe copy of the naw Oliver catalog. Address
. . The Oliver Typewriter Co.
326 First Avenue, .
aul (5m SEATTLE. Washington
For Sale— s3,ooo.
Sliuw'a blacksmith und repair shop,
Valley Springs, California, including
real estate equipped witb power and
mudoru machinery foi all classes of
work, boat lot of blacksmith and
wood working tools in Calaveraa
county. Itarcus Lorso shoeing sling,
Bbop and tools for carriage painting.
luqnire of Warreu ' Lamb, Liver-
more, Culif.
1 HE/ILD'S I
\ BUSINESS COLLEGE ||
Fall Tei-m Opens Auy. 30. • ;
Write for Information.
HEALD'S
j Stockton. Cal.
jtf>?tf^?tfytf>? ??^?^IJ<Ij~LJTJ^J' i'ftrTL^r^^^i^'
Notice tor Publication— o774
(Isolated Traot)
ruuLK! land bale
tiaoramento, Cal. U. ». Land. OfUce,
July ii(J, 1909
Notloo is hereby gireu' tbat. as
diieoted by the Comtuissioiißr nt tbe
(Jeuetal Laud Ollliue, under pro-
vUous ot Act ot (JoDgreas approved
Juno 27, 190<i, Publlo— No. UO3, we
will offer nt public sale, ito tbe
bigbeet bidder, at 2:110 o'clock I. M.,
on tbe (itb day of (September, 'looD,
uext, at this oUoe. tbe follonliiß
tract of laud, to wit: tbe WK' 4 ' of
tiW4 Keo. 6, T. 4 N., K. 10 lU., M.
I). JM.
Any portions olaimiog advereoly
tbe above-deuorlbed lauda are advised
to Hie tbelr cluinu, or objections,
ou or tetore tbe day above designated
for sale.
JOHN P. AKMHIKONH,
tteuister.
JOHN 0. INU,
Keoelver.
Not ooal land. JyW
Al Flour-
Made from Best Wheat
With Best Machinery
By the Best Skilled Workmen
v *• . '.**■•
A trial will convince y0u....
MANUFACTURED BY
Woodland Grain & Milling Co.
EL&TIQBAL' HOTEL 4h
Jackson. Amador County, Cal. II
D.S.andH. M MASON, - - - Prop's
■ .... • .'■;— -
Stage Office for all points.'
Fine Sample Rooms for Conimiera'ali Travelers.
. Lighted by, electricity throughout.
The best meals for 35c and 50 cents-.
First-class service in every way.
MAHUFACIURERS Qlln IMS! SAN FRANCISCO.
WHEN YOU BUY A SHOE
You want Reliability, You want Wear
You want Comfort You want Satisfaction
For 50 years we have manufactured shoes on the
Pacific Coast. Your shoe bill at the'' end of the year will
be loss an(J your satisfaction greater if you purchase
honestly made shoes that are carefully inspected before
being shipped.. Look for our name on every pair; it
means money saved for you. , .
L. OtTTIXOEH 8. It. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry! Machine Shop
Slitter Creek. Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OP
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet Iron pip?. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at tbe
shortest notice. We desire to oall tbe attontlon
of blacksmiths and otber workers In iron to tbe
fact tbat we keep constantly on hand a large
Hud complete stock of bur, refined and Norway
-on, gas pipe, s?ns fittings, etc, which we will
•ell at tbe LOWEST CASH PRICES.
• •••••••••••• •••!••••••••
S AT HEWITT'S BAZAR 5
• Special SALE now on of Thanks- J
2 "iving Necessities, Dolls, China- *
• ware. Toys, etc. etc. •
• We have tbe largest and most varied *
• line ot TOYS in Central California •
S Stockton's Greatest Bazar. •
NOTICE FOR REPUBLICATION
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Sacramento,
California, September 10, 1909
Notice is hereby given that John A.
Tonzi, of lone, California, who, on
December 4, 1907, made „ timber and
stone application., No 2074, for Lots 1,
2, 3, 4, and SWJi of NWJ^, of Sec. 5,
T. 7N, H 13 E. and SEJ£ of SW^ of
Section 32, Township 8 N, Range 13 E.,
Mt. Diablo Meridian, has filed notice
of intention to make Final Proof, to
establish claim to the land above des-
cribed, before the Register and Receiver
of the U. S. Land office, at Sacramento,
California, on the Bth day of November,
1909.
Claimant names as wintesses:
Theodore Gebhart, of lone, California;
Charles Henderson, of lone, California;
Albert T. Tonzi, of lone California;
Bert Martin, of lone. California.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
Sept. 17—10 Register.
ApPllcatlou for Parole.
Notice is hereby given that 1 intend
to apply to the State Board of Prison
Directors to be paroled, from San Quentin
according to law.
WILLIAM EVANS.'
Children Cry
FOR FLETCHER'S
CASTORIA
Electric
Bitters
Succeed when everything else fails.
In nervous prostration and female
weaknesses they are the supreme
remedy, as thousands have testified.
FOR KIDNEY, LIVER AND
STOMACH TROUBLE
it is the best medicine ever sold
over a druggist's counter.
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA
Hoarding and day school conducted by the
Sisters of Notre Dame(Naniur). Founded
In 1850.
The curlculum embraces all tbe brunches of a
solid -English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses In art, language, and music
For further information mlilross
"m SISTER SUPERIOR
•••••••••••••••••••••••a*
j IVY HAIR TONIC :
0 Iv auhrmiteed nn<l i>o'aUivf< cute for •
• liANllltlTF, I'.U.MNU HAIlt, and •
• HAI.ItNKSs. It not only growH hair on •
imM lin.Ki.H, but on eye brows itml eye- •
0 liihlich us well. A Kplnnclid tonic for 9
women's liulr, leaving It light und 0
• Huffy. Wilto for tree uirculur. I'rlco 0
0 . gl.Ui per bottl", 11 for $5.0 U. •
t L. E. JODOIN. •
2 OIU-lith St. Sacramento. J
• CITY PHARMACY. .
PATENTS
United States and Foreign Pateutl
procured defended and SOLD. Draft-
lngandllluo Printing done. Send for
f-.vo book on patents,
Pacific Coast Patent Agency, Inc. •
Stockton, Cal.
EVERY WOMAN
Covets a fresh* smooth, satiny complex-
.ton, and what satisfaction and peice ot
mtnd Its possession brings. The lines of
age, worry and overwork are rendered
well nigh powerless by Mrs. NETTIE
HARRISON'S LOLA MONTEZ CREME.
A wonderful soother, healer and protector
to ft dry,, contracted or chapped skin.
Demonstrate Its remarkable power in your
home by obtaining a free sample and
Book "SECRET OF lEAUTV UNO CQQO HEALTH" at