OLDEST PArKR
LAJtOF.ST CIRCUtATIOM
It Payi'tht Botintit Haa'toiAdt «r
ti § in the Ledger.
Established October 27, 1855.
LAWYERS.
JACKSON, CAL.
Offlce In Murolla Building, Court street.
Will praottoo In all tho courts of the state, te
DOCTORS.
T7l K. KNDICOTT, At. D.
l'hynlclnn ntitl Hargeon
JACKBON, UAL.
• office: Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all tlmos,
rvll, FKKI» F. BPKAOUB
I'hyilclan nnd Surgeon
.
«*OrricE-Noxt door to residence, north Main
street, opposite California hotel.
Telephone Main 32
Phynlclnn and Surgeon
Jackson, Cal
Offlce In Marella building. Mam Street.
T> S. OOODMAN M I>.
Physician mid Surgeon
".'■ ' ' sutteb Creek, Cal.
|-\u. l o. lynch
Physician and Surgeon
. T , Offlce, Main 28
* Rosldonco, Main 27
Amaaor City, Cal.
T) F, WALKER, M. I>.
* Practice limited to diseases ot
EYE, EAR, NOSE and THROAT
-OBIoe— ELK'S BUILDING',
STOCKTON, IJAX. Wl
DENTISTS.
Dit. .toux a; delucciii
DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, OAL.
Office Houbs:— Prom 0 a.m. to 6 p. m; ■"'•
-T-vll A. W. SUTHEKLAND
——DENTIST
JACKSON, CAL.
1 Telephone Black IU Hours 0-5
TJICnABD WEBB
United States Commissioner
JACKSON CAL.
Will attend to Horaestoad and othor filings;
taking of final proots and all other Luna
Business.
Doods and other legal documents drawn up.
J. H. LANGHORST
Main Streot. Jaokson
Dealer In —
UWM WITCHES. CLOCKS .EIELW*
AND SILVERWARB
*» All goods warranted as represented
Ropal.'ing of watohes, Clooks and jewelry -
specialty.
• GO TO THE •
1 ill m I
o When You T^l^TTlAT^ •
o Want Fresh l^l\>-IuAU •
11 1 1 WO 8 CO- PIRS. \
• We also keep a laree stock of Staple *
• and F.ttuoy ■
| GROCERIES 5
• Oar Specialty— Fresh'Bread every day «
• exoept Bu»doy •
*««««tsiitttito*ie(ff(i«(i
CASTOR I A
For Infanta and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bisnature of CAa^-/^cU<JU^i
Amador Ledger.
JACKSON. AMADOU COUNTY. OA-LIJfOItNIA. FIITDAY. HAY 14, IQOQ.
MINERS ON STRIKE.
All the Mines at a Standstill
Over the Eight Hour Law.
On the morning of Bandar, May !),
tbe new eight hour law piissed by tho
last lelgglature went Into effeot. Tbe
time was awaited with some anxiety
on tbe part of all those interested,
on account ot tbe fiict that there was
a wide divergence, m the interpret
tatlon of the statute botweeti the
mine-owners and tbe employes.
Notwithstanding this it wan believed
that tbe orLsis would be tided over
without any cossntion of work. At
the Argonaut mine the llrst teat came
about. When the night ehitl, came
olf duty Suudiiy morniug, a numbor
or them waited around tho works
until tbe day shift, man appeared.
The conclusions Is that they waited
for tbe purpose of talking to them
and persuading them if possible nut
to go to work in auoordanoe witu the
new hours understood by tbe mine
managements.. The result was that
all the men returned to . their re
spective homes. At tbe Zeila a small
force went to work, but the next
shitt the mine was left practically
without wokers. -
At the Kennedy, the biggest em
ployer of all, tbe oritioul time (tame
Monday, as the miners do not work
underground Sundays. A pretty full
orew reported for duty Monday,
morning, between 90 and 100. This
number was cut down considerably
on tbe following shift. Htilla large
number of men boarded and. lodged
at tbe company's boarding bouse,
and these seemed disposed, if left to
their own judgment to continue at
work. J'lio strikers, - however, in
some way got into communication with
thorn, niirl ou Tuesday some of tliusu
were pievuiled upon not to report
for duty. Wednesday, between 80 and
40 men were at work.
Ou Sunday night, J F llutchinson,
oue of the grand ofliuuru of tbe
Western JVodsraitiou, from liurke,
idabn, arrived; also a walking dele
gate named Coir. Tbe difference
between tha employers and employes
was used to : strengthen the organi
zatlou'"of .Jaukson •• Miners. Uuiou.
Meetings wero held and tbe sootes of
miners who bad drooped out of the
organization or who were behind in
their due?, wero initiutod or reiustal
ed. 'The treasury was repleuisuod to
the extont ot SHOO or gsiaoi) in a
couple of days. As a body tbe union
it seems hna taken no oiiloial action
it; regard to tho strike; .neither in
dorsiug it nor repudiating it. Tbe
opportunity was prosented to grealty
augment tho membeiship, and this
was seized for nil there was in it.
Jackson is tbo only place in the
connty wbere a miners, union exists.
In all the other minus tho south
Eureka, Hunker Hill, Ceutrnl
Knroku, and Kremont, tliero was
moro or less of n walk nut. Those
however, who were disposed to work
did so without mulostation or in
timidation of any kind.
At the Lfuuker Hill mid i'Yeiriutit
tho partial stoppage hti* ru.-iulted in
tho niHii available boitig put to work
repairing the shaft. At the Xeila
and Argonaut, this repair work cutno
ton standstill. A force is always
kept at tlioto mines doing needed
shaft ■ ropuirs. Using iucline ahafts #
they need close utteutiou bo that tho
repair crews goiDg. out is v serious
matter. Knginuors are at work iv all
the mines to keep out the water. And
tho mill men, being on eight hour
shifts, wero not interfered with.
yesterday was pay day nt ths
Argouaut. The /-eila paid oil: ou the
10th mid 11th, tbe Konuody about
tho same. Owing to tbe accident last
month in tho wrecking of the shaft
thero was very littlo duo to tbo tnou
for lliu month of May at pay day.
The Zeila pay day cmne when the
trouble hud just started. At the
Argonaut, howovor, tbe strike had
been ou for four days. So this com
pany bad time to muke up tbe total
ot wbut was coming to the men. and
paid them nit to ditto. Tbe nion cutno
out with two checks, one tor tbe
month of April, mid tbo other for tbo
few days worked during j.Muy. This
was itu intimation Unit they wore no
longer in the couipauy's employ. On
Thursduy ut tbe Kennedy similar
action wiih taken. The men at the
boarding house who refused to go to
work, were given tbolr cheeks for
tboir rospeotive amounts, nivJ requir
ed to quit tho grounds.
There has been no nuliiul violence.
Threats have heeu indulged in. which
have prevented many who were dis
posed to go to work from doing co
Kor iuetauoo at tbe Argonaut, there
were some 17 mon working eight
hour shifts. They weie perfectly
aittlsiied, getting, ua they ooateuded,
nil that they could hope for under
tbe new law. They prepared to ro
to work m usual Sunday morning,
and wero told by the numerically
stronger orowd of dissatisfied ones,
that if they went to work they would
be sorry for it. Naturally, they did
not care to run the obanoesof being
beaten up.
Sheriff Gregory hns told tbe.
strlkeis to keep quiet, and advised
them not to go around in large
bodlnt. Still they have maintained
pickets or watchers, who make it a
business to interview those inclined
to go to work, and get tbem to give
up tbe idea. . ';' '"• {
(J. D. Calvin, who la paperbanglng
at a house on tbn Kennedy grounds,
kept at work through the trouble.
He bad been stopped on tbe road
sevreal times, and he got weary of
this Interference. So Wednesday
morning in proceeding to his labor
a number nt strikers attempted to
talk to him. He drew a gun and
told them to keep awuy. They took
the bint, but reported tbe inoident
to the officers, and a warrant was
sworn out ohargiug Calviu with
carrying a concealed weapon. -
It is dillljult to understand the
real points of difference between the
miners and mine owners iv this
quarrel. Tbe stand of tbe owuers
is definite. They say the law means
eight hours actual work. In putting
this construction upon the statute
they posted notices at the various
mines that from and after May 9, tbe
men would be roquired to peiform
eigbt hours labor at tbe. "point of
operation." 'Ibis from their stand
point excluded timo in traveling up
and down tbe shaft on their way, to
and from work. also tbe time oouupied
at lunch. . Hut this particular word
ing was construed by some of the.
eraployos in quite another way.
These contended the "point of opera
tion" meant from tho moment they
got on the skip to tbo moment they
appeared again at tiie collar of the
skip after completing tho shift. , Jlore
wero two divergent vinws which aould
not be reconciiod.
Diverse reports were received form
Angels, as to tbo terms upon which,
tbo mhuti'H were working there. j 1
Among the striking miners beio the
opiniou was expressed that 'the men
were traveling one way, in desending
ot iiscnudiug tbo shaft, on the com
pany's time. Another report cir
culated was tbnt it tho men were go
ing up and down ou tboir own time,
clioy were given sotno concession in
tho lunch time, that the whole or
patt of that time was included iv the
eight hours. Ou the other hand,
from the employers' 'source of infor
mation, it was claimed that in Angols
the men wero working strictly on tho
eight hour basis— meaning eigbt
hours ot actual work at tbe face, or
ut 'sbatoror point they were at work.
I 1I 1 or Iho purposo of sottling this
qaesti'jn definitely tho .Ledger offloe
thin moruing called up tho Utloa at
Angola by telephone, and askod the
terms ou which the miners wore work
ing at that miue, Tho reply was;
Men' go up and dowu shaft on their
own time, and work eight hours at
the face. J Il'I 1 ' Martin, Munnger
At the Kennedy mine under tbe
new oight hour law the schedule
adoptod for tho day shift ia as fol
lows: Start to lowor the miners (it
20 miuutes to 7; lire blast at 12;
hulf an hour for. lunch. Commence
to hoist mon after working shift tit
8:45. ibis gives eight hours aotuiil
work us nour as can bo. Under tho
U hour day they commeuced hoisting
tho men at 4:15 p. in. So that under
tbo prosant time schodulo 1 hero it) a
(ilimr difference of half an hour in
favor of tbe employes; that is they
start to come out of tho mini) halt
an hour earlier than formerly. With
littlo variation to suit the conditions
ut each miue, this is virtually the
schedule for all the mines.
Tho situation as we go to prosa is
practioully unchanged. A comiuittoo
of tho union was appointed to sen tbo
in i mi owners, but the luttiir will not
bo interview. U hey will uot consult
with any committee, but are willing
to see tbo men individually. At the
Kennedy guiii'ds tiro wuluhing ut all
hours with orders to lot no oue puss
if tbo object is to talk of tbo labor
trouble. President Hayes and secre
tary liutcbinsou of tbo Kuuueciy
Company came up lant night.
The South Kuruku is running with
almost a full force. The Ceutrul
Eureka is carrying on shaft repuirs.
Hid Keystone, Hunker Hill, Fremont
uro working a small tome.
Oiiu disquieting piece of news is
that Ht the y.uilu, the mauugeiumit 1&
disposing of timbers and other min
ing supplies.
IMouour Hum ia tho best; have uo
other.
iilifli SALE
NEAR THE END
. Now is the timo, and here is your chance, to save money on your
purchases. Our NEW STORE is nearly completed, and we will soon bo
over in our new quarters — which means the SALE will discontinue.
Therefore it would bo advisable for you to take advantage of tho
unusual
Bargains. Bargains. Bargains.
yalues will never bo offered to you again for a long time to
come, and then you will only meet with dissappointuient, as such real
good values are unequaled.
Dont spent your hard earned money without obtaining your moneys
worth. But take advantage of this $2 for $1 sale; $2 worth'of merchan-
dise for $1.
This is the only and last chance. • -* v
MRFFI FRONT iplii
IVL/.U- I l\UJni not to-be over-
nuti ourNewStore JACKSON'S lo^'\ \
All saving classes
is.completed. q t j)™,,^ store IIHiS
■ • ......... • o ■ ...
Do Your Clothes Fit?
Watoh tbo men us they walk along
tue stioet, somo otitch your attention,
some don't. It's all the way a suit
fltß. A well litted garment always
attracts attention. It isn't easy to
Ut a man, because most rnou are
built difforontly. Jt takes skill lo
iio it. WUon mon's clothes dou't fit
the idea is conveyed that somebody
ia trying to save money in tbe wrong
place. My clothes Ut in every sense
of the word. Talent is rnodled in
every line. Thero is smartness, ele
gance nnd grace in every movement.
A good suit is always an investment,
not an expense. Try \Vrn. liosa, tbe
tailor. Formerly Max Ladar's, Junk
sou, Cal. tf
Boys will be Boys
uud are always Betting scratches,
cuts, spraius. bruises, bumps, bums
or scalds. Dou't neglect suoli things
—they may result seriously if yu do.
Apply lialliml'a Suow Liniment ao
cordiug to directions right away and
it will reliovo tbo pain nnd heal the
trouble. l J rico 250, 800. and 81. 00
Sold by Huhser'a City l'harmucy.
Left for Lodl.
A correspondent informs us Unit Mr
and Mm A. L. Jjoou, of Amador City,
left iuet Monday tor Liodl, in which
«:ity Mr Lioon has bought a half
luterost in a bluoksmitli shop. Mrs
Leon was tbe popular dressmaker of
Amador, and held the offloe of vice
president iv tbo local parlor of N. D.
U. \V. Mr Leon has beou for the lust
two yeurs employed at tho liuuker
Hill miue. uud is ouo of' the mou that
made tho chumpiou record lor drift
ing iv Aniudor county. Ho with
throe other minors, drilled 144 feot iv
the Uuukerllill mine iv 18 working
shifts, whiah we are told eclipses all
previous records iv this county. He
also luilds uu oiliuiul position iv the
local parlor of N. b. U. \Y, The iesl
deuts of Amador City are-loath to
lose this youug couple from their
midst, but one uud all wish tbem
abundant suooess iv their now field of
labor.
Bad attack of Dysentery Cured
"An bouored citizon of this town
was Buttering from a severe attack of
dysentery.. He told a lrien.d it he
could obtain v bottle ot Chain her
laiu's colic, cholera and diurrhoou
reuiody, he felt confident of 'wing
cured, be having used tbis remedy
iv tbe \vni-t. lie was told Unit 1
kept iv stock and lost no time in
obtaiuing it, and was promptly
tiured," bovb M J Lieuob, druggist, of
Wolcott, Vt. l ( or sale by Jackson
Drug Store, Spaguoli, prop.
FREE VACATION TRIPS.
(Jiveu by tbo reliable Stockton JJo
oord of! Stockton, Cal. Kara your
vacation free this summer. Free trips
to any resort iv California, or any
place in the world. All expenses
paid for one week or more, by you
getting ua v tew subscribers in your
community. Knsy to do. liefer to
any bank for our standing. Send
now for our free book '"Vacation
Trips" giving all details. Remember
ibis is no contoat— you are working
for yourself only. A postal will
brlug you everything lo start work.
Write at once, Stockton Renord.
Stocktou, Cal.
The Sutter Creek Concert
Tbe mucli talked at Sulfur Crook
uoucort will tislto jilucn in Levaggi's
Hall iv tbut (.own uu Saturday cvon
ln«, Mny '22.
Tbe proceeds of tbo oonuert will go
to i-ay the debt iv f.be new parsonage
of tbe Methodist cunrob. Tbero will
be local and outsido talent; au
oruhcHl.ru under tbo direotiou of JNlisa
Murgtiret MoUee will be oue of tbe
many features.
A l'u'.v ot tbe best reserved seats
will be placed on sale at Kuliser's
drug store iv Jacksou beKlnuiug to
morrow at nunn, so tbose iv JauUson
wbo deairo to attend can have tbe
same opportunity as tbe Sutter Creek
people, in obtaining good seats.
Chinn-Beretta Optical Company
Send New Representative To
Jackson, May 24.
Tbis well known houso, appreciat
ing the patronage extended it by tbis
section of tbo state, has adopted a
new and better method of serving
our optical needs.
This film has relinquished the ser
vices of its regular rood man and will
send us iusteud ouo ot tbe opticians
couuected with its Sacrumeuto store,
ibis is a decided advautage for wheu
wu visit Baorumentd wo can bo rea
sonably sure of meeting tbe sunie gen
tleman that visited our city, or iv his
absence ho served by Mr Il'.I I . C. Oliitm
who bus again become a permanent
resident of Sacrumeuto.
Mr P, \V. Moore, who has been with
this linn for more than ten years will
make the Jaoksou visits. Ho may be
consulted at I. W. Kubser'a JMiar
uiiiey. Monday, May 21th.
A healthy mini is a king ill his own
right; au unhealthy mau is an uu
buopy hluvo. liurdnck lilood Hitters
builds, up sound health— keaps you
well.
You can get your Billheads,
Letter Heads, etc., printed at
the Ledger for less than you
can buy blank stock for else
where.
TRY IT.
Five Cents Per Copy.
Died In San Francisco.
John Dickermauj a young mau wbo
was born and raised iv tbis county,
in the vicinity ot CJuartz Mountain,
died iv San Francisco last Friday,
after an illness ot a few days, lie
had been employed at tho Pacific
Coast Paper Company on Mission
street for tbe past three years. Early
last week he was takeu sick, with
spinal menguitie, which rapidly de
veloped to a fatal termination. The
body was forwarded to Amador City
on Saturday, for interment iv the
cemetery of that place, where some ot
the deceased's rolatives are buried,
110 was ouly '23 years of age. lie was
steady and reliable, and very much
like by his employers, with whom
he had been ever since their present
quarters ou Mission street wero re
built immediately after tbo fire.
Insanity Examination
Frank Koop was before tbe superior
court l:ibl Saturday on a charge of
insanity. Ho was from Drtyown end
is well known in that locality where
be luih lived for years. Lately be
has been nc'.ing queeriy. He said that
Hetty Ciroeu bud loft him a fortune
and be was wandering through tbe
timbers trying to find it. Also, that
persons were attempting to get him
so that they could apply electricity,
and other peculiarities also develop
ed. Under a new Jaw all persons
coming before tho courts have au at
torney appointed by tbe judge, uud
W. J. Caldwell looked after bis inter
ests. Tho unfortunate was committed
to Napa, and was taken to that iti
stitutlon Monday last.
Uotnetiico (Juzzeni, who formerly
kept a million at the lower end of
town, was arrested at the instance of
his mother. The exutuiuutiou follow
ed tbe above case, and developed tbe
fact that while his mother was afraid
of violence being done to her, noth
ing could be shown aguinut tbe
prisoner Unit would warraut a com
mitment at this time. He is subject
to oouvuluions, mid readily content
ed to go to the couuty hospital tor a
few diij-H, wbere Iph acts could be
better studied by the comity physi
cian. J). 1). Hpuguoli represented
Uazzera.
CoarutU j$ ltl3 Kind You Han Always Boti£»
S2K , jZ^^Vt^C"
We have noticed that when it ia
geuetully said of a muu that be
doesn't work very bard, it may also
be said tbut he doesn't get along very
well. .Editorial Column
STILL GRAFTING.
Notwithstanding the attempt of the Dispatch, to, belittle
the exposures of grafting methods resorted to by our cotcm
porary in presenting fraudulent charges for advertising
against the county in connection with the publication of a
notice to taxpayers from the tax collector's office, the venti
lation of this barefaced steal of • money from the taxpayers
of Amador county through these columns has had a decided
effect. , True, the claims have been allowed and paid, in
full, iv spite of their glaring boodle character. For the
publication of a single notice for 13 weeks — even conceding
that it had to be published for that length of time — the sum
collected from oppressed, taxpayers was $58.50, whereas
under a liberal measurement of the notice the legal charge
would -have been $14.62^ —a clear loot of $43.87^. No
attempt has been made by the proper officials haviug charge
of such matters to make the offender disgorge; but in tbe
face of disclosure of trhe most damaging character the
scandalous charges have been repeated and again allowed and
paid. But amid all this apparent disregard of public
opinion, and disloyalty to official duty, the fact remains that
those concerned deemed it advisable to withdraw the ad
vertisement until the storm had subsided. For several
weeks the notice was dropped out of tbe Dispatch. But on
April 9 it again bobbed up, but in a totally different manner.
The bull pica and padded out, all-the-traffic-would-bear
scheme, was abandoned, and the notice appears in compact
solid nonpariel, with big display heading. At the last meet
ing of the board of supervisors the Dispatch presented its
claim for the notice in the following item :
April 9— "Notice to Taxpayers," 4^. sqs., 4t --.V - $4-75
Now this is the identical notice, word for word, that our
democratic organ had previously charged 18 squares amount
ing to $4.50 for each insertion. It proves conclusively by
its- own documentary evidence that it was trapped red-handed
in the grafting business. Now an examination of this latest
phase of the taxpayer's notice from the tax collector's
offices, shows that it was o k'd by "U. S. Gregory." But the
joke is that in spite of its greatly reduced dimensions this
latest charge is a fraud ou its face. Four insertions, dating
from April 9, would carry the. last insertion charged for to;
April 30. And the notice related to the delinquency of taxes
for 1908. The last installment became delinquent on April
26. The advertisement was absolutely dead after that date.
The tax collector had no authority whatever to have it pub
lished after April 26. And yet the Dispatch charged for the
corpse, and the tax collector's office o k'd it as a living
thing, and the board ordered it paid, the auditor drew a war
rant for the same, and the treasurer paid it in full. It is
nothing less than donating money out of the public treasury
for the support of a hungry, unscrupulous newspaper
publisher, without a shadow of authority. This graveyard
notice is still running iv the columns of the Dispatch, and
presumably'another fuueral charge will be made at the next
meetiug of supervisors for its insertion. This is a sample
of the. way Amador county's finances are being managed.
Could any -private business stand up against such tactics.
It is high time the criminal code was iuvoked to put a
quietus upon such brazen robbery.
MANUFACTURERS BUILDING.
On the eastern side of Geyser Basin, at the Alaska-Yukon-Paciflc Ex
position, the handsome Manufacturers Building looks across the restless
waters of the Cascades and the flashing foam of "Old Faithful." the re
production of its namesake In Yellowstone National Park.
Its location is the most central of any of the exposition buildings, and
Its architectural design Is especially fitting for the position It has been
given. It was one of the first great exhibition palaces to be completed,
and before tho end of last year was ready for the reception of Its vast col
lection of exhibits. It will house a magnificent assortment of the highest
examples of man's ingenuity and invention, and within Its walls will bo
gathered specimens of manufactured articles from tho workshops of every
nation of Importance in tho world.
It overlooks the finest of the formal gardens of the exposition, and Its
splendid line of pergolas, with their vine-covered columns and blossoming
flowers, complete a restful and pleasing view. At no part of the grounds
can be seen a more beautiful illuminating effect than Is presented from
the open pergolas during the late evening and early night. A million
sparkling electric bulbs flash their white lights through the waters and.
scattered throughout the greenery, hundreds of electroliers mingle their
many hues with tho riot of colors. Looking down the gentle slope of
Italnier Avenue the floating craft of two lakes is brought into vision and
adds the delights of a broad, light-sprinkled Btretch of forest-enclosed
waters to the whole effect.
F*stp: For Infantg anfl Children.
i JI f Mffiy The Kind You Have
IHflr tiV ' Alxollot ' 3 p EK CENT. j*
|BaitS.|& AVcfJclableFreparalionrnrAs t» 1.1 0
1181 slmilal '"S"ieß)O(fanaßcdufa JJeaiS tllG #a/ \*
fill iff Promotes DigestionjQieerful nf Ms<*\\a
Fgr& ii ness and ResLContainsnciUw ux # \\ IT*
p fl 3g Opium.Morphmc norMiacral. fldfL M\j
|^4 iu Not Narcotic. % /VTlt
KjaSy j XmproroMlkSMJELrnwm \ I V
E«gi3 I JMHUMs- I I m fT»l' 111
R«t) I! AmtSttd* 1 ; f\ «II I 811
•HI 1/YiJ- ■ Use
iliiiil AperfectßemedyforConsnpa- I 1»K '
i» tlon.SourStonach.Dtarrtaei I IK- P-*- flu^
I'lftP Worms,Coiwulsions.Fcvcrish- \ ff r|ir IVRI
I "W i\ Thirty Years
I^SOASTORIA
Exact Copy of Wrapper. ' thcointaun«ompany. ncwtorkoitt.
:
Prepare Now for Your Eastern Trip
Over the
SUNSET ROUTE
Low Rates for Round-Trip Tickets |
In effect May 15, IG, 20,21, 22,31. I
June 1t04,14 to 19, 25 t0. 27 inc. |
July 1 to 7 inc. I
August 9 to 13 inc. |
I September 7to 10, 13 to 15 inc. 1
New York . - . - .. •' -' $108.50 |
Washington - - - 107.50, 1
Boston ;..- - - - - 110.50 |
NcwOrleane -. - - - 07.50 ]
Chicago - - - :- - T2.50 I
Many more rates on application. Choice of routes, i
Stopovers and long time limits. • |
Ask about our personally conducted excursion |
parties leaving for New Orleans, Chicago, St. Louis, |
Cincinnati and Washington, D. C- |
HIGH CLASS EQUIPMENT— OIL BURNING 1
LOCOMOTIVES— DINING— OBSERVATION— AND |
SLEEPING CAR SERVICE. . |
I SOUTHERN PACIFIC, j
jGIINOCCrIIO BRO'S.|
K\) , DcALtntj IN 'ifZL
I General Merchandise I
wj Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, |g
% ®® Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining |j
m J\ Supplies, Lumber, • Hardware Hay,
Grain, etc., etc. p
m §
m Corner Main and Water St. M
I JACKSON - - - CALIFOKKIA I
A CORD OF WOOD IS
A VARIABLE QUANTITY.
When la a cord not n corrt?
To llm farmer harvesting hi* umiill
woorllul, mifl In the n.Hri liiyin< in
lors for the large Ureplnce fw lilt
country sensltlo homo; to lliaj puper
mmiufnoturer luiyinn (inlpnuod nnd
In the proprietor ut the onliniity city
uoiiiljT.rd, to all of tbesu irinn" this
quoatlon hna nn iiuportiiut (lolliii-iiihl
centa mRBUitiR.
Queer to niiy, ancl o'otitrnry to the
belief of most ponple, there nre ninny
tlmns when n oord Is Ic&a Hum 11 cord,
mill ninny ooudltloufl when It la more.
Hi'html 111 itlmu't loh toy Unit a ootd
of wood la V2S cubic feot, or the noti
touts of n pile ulghl foot long, four
foet high nnd four feet wide. Wood
is rnnrketed ou this basis. A pile
whoso imiKlh, hriMidl.li, mid height
multiplied togethor gives this number
ot uuhin feet Ulls this reriuiremout,
no matter whether tho sticks urn long
or short, straight or crooked, round
or split, unioßa there la an under
standing to the (ion trary. .Neverthe
less, a cord, though It comes up to
legal measurements, is an uncertain
quantity, even when the seller is
rjuiifisl and the buyer Hiitiallcd.
A lurnlieroiun may liavo traot of
pulpwood which ho selln to a paper
mill at 85 a (lord, lor as many cords
aa It will make. It is in the oontrnot
that ho shall cut and slack It. tin
cuts it in 12-foot leugtbs, and when
the job is compete, It measures '200
cords, a-'id ho receives 81,000 'for it.
Would he have made or lost by cut
ting 4-foot lengths instead of 12?
Ho would have lost in the first
place from . the additional labor re
quired to cut 4-foot wood, but .his
principal loss would li a ve resulted
from a greatly diminished number of
cubio feet, due to the i'riot that short
stioks lie cluEor together than large.
Measurements and experimental
testa Lave been made to ascertain
exactly how much actual wood is in
cords of dilfereut lengths, sizes, and
species.
Had the 200 cords of 12-foot wood
beeu cut in 1-foot lengths, there
would have been only 176 cords, and
tbe owner would have received for it
gseo instead of SI, OOO. it was, there
tore, clearly to bis advantage to cut
I'2-foot. lengths, but it w,ould have
been to tbe buyer's advantage to have
it cut in 4-foot lengths. He would
have received tho same actual quantity
of wood for $120 less.
It also inukes considerable difter
ence to tho seller whether wood is
cbopped or sawed. If chopped, the
cbips aro lost. Where tbe logs are
large this losu amounts to fan \ email
total. In a curd of 4-toot wood, with
titiuku 0 inches in diameter, the chiii
lo3s id from six to eight per cent: and
of course, the shorter the sticks are
cut tbe greater tho loss. If tho wood
is snwed, the eawduEt loss is scarcely
the half of one per cent.
The difference due to spaces be
tween the sticks of cour&e depends
very much on the shape and size
of the sticks. Btralsutj smooth
stioks lie close together, and a cord
ooutuiUH more wood and less uir.
For given luugths, stinks of softwoods
are usually btraigbter and smoother,
mid vtheu stacked lie closer together.
Hut whatever the kind, cords of long
sticks are prutty'Bure to contain more
empty space than cords mado of short
pieces. Likewise, cords of split wood
contain less than cords of round
sticks. The liner tho wood is split,
tne more it mokes. llenco wood
dealers aro often willing to sell kindl
ings, all sawed and split, for the
same price per cord aa uuspiit wood.
Tlioy get back the oost ot labor in the
meti net eased bulk. ,
A cord (I'iH ouhiu feet) of 4-foot
hardwood usually contains about 83
cubic feet of solid wood; a cord of
3-foot wood averages U3>£ cubio feet;
of 2-foot wood, 84 feet, and of 1-fout
wood 85 fout. The conifers, Eoft
wouda, contain 90 to !)(J cubic feet.
Thus tho purchaser received on an
average anout two-thirds of a cord of
real wood and oue-third ot v cord of
spaces.
In some oountrios wood is bought
by weight, and the buyer comes more
nearly gettiug what be bargains for;
but even then he may miss it if he
receives greeu worn! whim b»- wautn
dry. According to timber touting
engiueers of United States forert ser
vice, wood may lobo half or 'more its
green weight in seasoning. Cedar foi
lead pencils is bought by weight in
tbis country. Ibe pieces are so small
and ot such irregular size that they
oau not conveniently be stacked
and measured us oord-wood.
'JL'be bulk of nearly all woods de
creases as seasoning goes ou. A
hundred cords greeu will mako from
81) to 1)11 cords when dry. i'bia is a
factor of no miuill importunoo .to
deuleis who bundle large quuutitles,
Woodlot owuors mid. furmers who
have small forest traola from which
tbey expoo*. to Bell oordwoud, aro no
less interested Hum ootitmotoru who
buy nnd soil lurgu quantities, it will
fctaihl them in huud to know how
much dilforeuco it mukos whether
woctl is cut lvi v or eliort, cliup|ied
or fii»ed, n bet tier thu Btlohu are
1 0:1 ti<i or Hiilit, whether lurge or
Btuall.und whether tho measiiruiufmts
Bra to bo made whllu the woud is
greeti or after it lv eeasoued.
OFFICIAL MAP
— OPi 1
Amador County
vej-s by D. C. CARLTON, showing
township nnd school district
nrfes, ownership of all lnnds according
to assessment roll of 1004, mineral
claims, canals, location of all school-
houses; also a townsito mnp of prlncU
pal towns, namely Jackson, Suttcr
Creek, lone, Araatlor City, Drytown,
Plymouth nnd Volcano.
Slzo 6 by 3{ feet
Price, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted - $5
Sold only at
AMADOR LEDGER OFFICE
Sunset Vale 1771 Capital 633
| The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress Goods.
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty.
1012-10 th st -Sacramento
ST. GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor.
... .
Refitted and renovated throughout.
Best of accommodation for commercial
travelei'9.
Table supplied with best in market.
• Terms reasonable. .jnol
Globe Hotel!
I 't~~ ' W ■■"■""] j ;
J J NEW MANAGEMENT. < [
I! MRS. ANNIE HUHST....Prop'r \\
! ; ; : ■ '**' ! ;
I; Board and Lodging ;;
\ I AT REASONABLE RATES. J |
O i >
\ ', Sample Rooms for Comirter- ', ',
! ', c!al Travelers. 1 !
' ' All Stages stop at this hotel. « >
! JACKSON CAL. ii
?♦♦♦»♦»♦»»♦♦»•♦♦♦♦»♦»♦♦♦♦♦
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic.
Wi nes * Liquors* Ciga rs
JACKSON CAL.
PVISTRIBUTINO AOENTS FOR J. F. MAR.
IJ toll Cuftiuc, Moot AChuudon. White Sea.l
aud Private Cuvee Champagne; Moi'kiiu Mros.
Puerto de Santa Maria Sherries : Royal Wina
Company, Oporto, PortWinos; Dubos Freros.
Uordeaux, Clarets and Suuternes ; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sods, Lim-
ited, Walkervllle, Ontario Canada; John de
Kuyper & Zoon, Cotterdam, Sin; Oilka Kuem-
met, from J. A, Gllka, Berlin; llitrthloonmy
llrowory Company, ltochestor, N. V,, Knickert
bocker Beer; DogHhead Lirand of Guinness.
Stout and Mass' Ale (bottled by Read llros.,
London); Cantrell &. Covliraue, HeUast, OluKor
Ale; Naglee Urandy; Uelmoortod American
Wbfiklei
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAN
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hand a full lino of Harness
and Ilardess Fixtures, Saddles,
Bridles and Robes. Duties
an:. Carriage tops mado
to order,
Also has on hand a lino of
that well known und thoiv
uglily tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies.Amador County
Descriptive Article
Amador county comprises nn area of
548 square miles. It lies on the wes
tern slope of Sierra Nevada tiountalns,
nnd emoraces within it? erritory nil
the divorslty of valley loothill, and
high mountainous lunds.
Climate.— Tho climate of tho popu
lous portions of the county is as gonlal
and healthful as can be found anywhero
Id California. As climate is one of the
most valuables assets of this favored
state in attracting population, Amador
stands second to no county in this re
gard. It should, and no doubt will in
time, when Its climatic advantages are
more thoroughly understood and ap
preciated, become, a health resort not
only for those In less favored states,
' but for the residents ot other parts of
• California. 'The tomporaturo alono tho
central portion rarely falls below 30
degrees above zero In winter, nnd as
rarely rises lo 100 degrees in the sum
mer. Snow seldom falls In th 6 settled
districts, and never remains on the
p round for more than a few hours. Of
■ courso, In the high mountain regions
-of eastern AraUdor the snowfall Is very
heavy — which is characteristic of tho
-entiro Sierra Nevada range. The sum
mer season is alway accompanied with
•cool nights; permitting of sound, re
freshing slumber. Fogs are rare, cy
clones are unknown, thunderstorms are
infrequent.
Gold Mining.— The county, although
rich in other sources of wealth, com
paratively untouched, is noted prin
cipally'for her quartz mines. Tho
deepest gold mines in America are lo
cated here. The Kennedy mine Is now
taking gold in liberal quantities from
•quartz extracted from a depth of over
3000 feet below the surface, with every
indication that th.o pay-ore extends to
a much greater depth. Since the dis
covery of gold, the county has contrib
uted fully $100,000000 to the world's
supply of the precious metal. The
mines are still yielding at tho rate of
about two million dollars annually.
Nearly all of this wealth is produced by
. eight or ten mines operating on what
is called tho "mother lode," stretching
clear across the county In a north-east
orly direction a distance of twenty
miles. The mines aggregate betwocn
400 and 500 stamps, and furnish em
ployment for over 1000 miners. This
industry is still in its infancy. The
unexplored territory, even along the
maiu gold belt, is far in excess of tho
ground that has actually been worked
•or prospected. The county offers to
day ono of the most inviting fields to
be found anywhere in the world for the
• investment of capital in the fascinating
' business of gold mining, not alone along
tho mother lode, but also in tho almost
untouched mineralized country ot the
east belt, some ten or twelve miles from
the main lode.
Besides gold, we have copper, de
posits of pottery, coal, imarbe, slate,
limestone, granite, and soapstone or
talc — all undeveloped.
Agricultural Capabilities . —The agri
cultural possibilities equal, if not excel,
the mineral riches. The valley lands
will produce anything that can be
grown in the most favored sections.
In the foothill lands all kinds of decid
uous fruits thrive: also all kinds of
vegetable are raised where irrigation
is practicable along tho numerous water
•courses. Furtherupin the mountains,
at an altitude of 2000 to 2500 feet, the
soil is admirably adapted for apples
and potatoes. A ready market for
many times the quantity now raised of
these commodities can be found fin the
various mining towns.
Grape culture and wlnemaking are
•becoming important industries, both
tho grapes and wine commanding a
better price than the product of the
lowland.
Landls cheap compared with other
California lunds. Improved farms may
bo secured for one-fourth the price
current in some places. Unimproved
lunds can be had from $5 to $10 per
acre. It does not require a fortune to
buy a small ranch. There is room for
a largo addition to our agnculural pop
'ulatlon. Vast tracts now devoted to
cattle ranges might bo made the homes
of hundreds of prosperous farmors.
Amudor has a populasion of less than
12000. Three fourths of this is concen
trated in a strip. of three miles abovo
und below the mineral belt.
Jackson, tho county seat, has about
2500 inhabitants, and isun Incorporated
city ol tho sixth class. Other towns
are Butter Greek, Amudor City, Dry
town, Plymouth, Volcano, line Grove
and Oleta. lone City is tho mou-opolls
of the valloy section, a thriving town
of 1000 Inhabitants.
Tln> community Is law abiding. Edu
cational facilities are excellent. A
Hchoolhouso is within easy reach of
nourly every family. There is ono high
school, located at lone.
Tbe assessment roll for 1007 Is $5.
800,793, und tho tax rate for both state
und county purposes $2 on tho $100.
The Southern l'ucilio has a brunch
railroad running to lone. From this
point the lone and Eastern railroad ex
tends 14 miles further to the mining
buctiou.
Tho various religious denominations
and fraternal organizations tiro well
represented.
Tho power plant of the Standard
Kluoti'io (Jo— one of tho lurgeit in tho
world— lslocuted four mllos from Jack
eon.
Alaska Yukon Pacific Exposition.
SCENE ON THE COUIfT OF HONOR, A.-V.-l*. EXPOSITION, SEATTLE.
In constructing Its group of five buildings, the United States Govern
ment had regard for the type of architecture followed generally In the
buildings of the Exposition proper. The Exposition structures are In the
modern French renaissance and the Government in the modern Spanish.
The two styles tie In nicely together and make an harmonious whole. On
the right of the picture is the Alaska building, one of the Government
group. In the center is the European Exhibits Palace. On the left is
a facade of the Palace of Agriculture. The last two named are In the
French renaissance and were completed before December 1, 1908. The
Alaska building was completed April 15.
PANSIKS AND POSIES EVERYWHERE AT A.-V.-P. EXPOSITION.
In the foreground of the picture is shown the bank which slopes up
from Geyser Basin at the Alaska-Yukon-Pacific Exposition, Seattle. Upon
It have been planted 300,000 tufted pansy plants, and close up to the
ballustrades high-growing plants of bright blossom.
• Above Geyser Basin can be seen the banks of the Cascades, and around
these are growing 100,00*0 rose bushes, so selected that there will be a
rotation, of blooms throughout the Exposition.
A SUNNY DAY ON YUKON AVKNUK, A.-V.-V. EXPOSITION, SKATTLR
Yukon Avenue is one of the many ways leading to the Court of Honor
of the Alaska-Yukon-Pacific Exposition. It leads from the Cascades
down to one of the many entrances to the Pay Streak and directly to the
"caf6 center" of the Fair Grounds.
On the left of the picture a facade of tho European Exhibits Building
Shows. On the right is a corner of the Palace of Agriculture. In the
distance, and across the Cascades, is to be seen the Oriental Building.
All of these structures were completed before December 1, 1903.
They are of the conventional exposition type of construction — plaster
staff over heavy wooden framework.
LOOKING ACROSS GEYSER BASIN AT HORTICULTURAL HALL
No fairer scene can be offered any place than tho outlook from the foof
of the Alaska Monument on the grounds of tho Alaska-Yukon-Paciflc 10.x
positlon. Standing directly in front of tbo great building of the United
States Government, the enormous golden eagle on his towering perch
of northern gold keeps watch and guard over tho most perfect exposition
city that has ever been reared. Under his eye are gathered the rarest
collection of man's examples of skill and art ever assembled, and thesa
find shelter in a magnificent group of permanent und temporary buildings,
whose architectural design and clever construction exemplify the very
highest of man's inventlvo ability.
At night when the long twilight of the northern latitudes close down,
the manifold beauties of the spot show their greatest charm. With the
fading of day co.'ies the romance of evening and tho millions of lamps,
made brilliant by electricity, Hash their rainbow tints over a land such us
fairies might have bullded. The. rushing, tumbling torrents of the Cas
cades pour their enormous volume over a bed covered by electric bulbs,
and from the quiet pool of Geyser liasln are reflected as in a minor.
ISlectroliera of French ilnslgn tire lavUMy scattered beneath tho trees, and
from their clear rays tho fields of flower! Me seen In added hues.
The tleanest.lightest f\J *|fV, T|pK\
and moM comfortable \\ rv^&tftt
POMMEL J^fSW^i
slicker/ syrwft
At the same tlme^K "** mm ' I, »
cheapest In the f % jfhf jam
end because It I J\ C / w }\ \ I
wears longest A 1 JAW sfJk \
*350 Evcrjfwhcrcfl \(\m ffS>]
Every garment '|| Tw / (if \
guaranteed 'f f ' )t,\ :
waterproof Catalog free / .W 3oa
« J TOWCBCO. BOSTON, U.& A. ' "I
TOWf ft CANADIAN CO LIWITtO. TOPONTO C*N. \
K %J©L©S I"; TRIAL BOTTtE FREE
*SAT/SFACTOR)r
FOR SALE
75,000
SHINGLES
In first-class condition
Will be sold as a whole, or in lots to
suit customers.
Apply to
Amador Ledger Office
JACKSON.
L. Of.TTINOEB 8. N. KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry? Machine Shop
Sutter Creek. Cal.
BUILDERS OF WATER WHEELS OP
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds ot sbeet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery made at the
shortest notice We doslro to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers In Iron to the
(act that wo keep constantly on hand a largo
aud complete stock of bar, refined and Norway
-on, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc., which we will
sell at tho LOWEST CASH PRICES.
College of Notre Dame
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA
Boarding and day school conducted by the
Sisters of Kotro Dame(Numur). Founded
in 183 d.
The curioulum embraces all tho branches of a
solid English education. Preparatory and
advanced courses in art, language, and music
For further Information address
14m SISTER SUPERIOR
The A. Van derNailen School
Of Civil, Electrical Mining Engineering, etc.
KSTABLISHED 1861.
Occupying their own large building, work-
shop und laboratories.
Oreat domund for ex-students in all lines.
New students should onroll at onco.
TELEGRAPH AND Slst,
OAKLAND, CAL. my 18
Send for Catalogue.
«om« es«««ete ieeto«ti«e««
§ AT HEWITT'S BAZAR •
g Special SALE now on of Thanks- J
c giving Necessities, Dolls, China- 2
o ware. Tcys, etc. otc. •
• Wo iiavo the largest and most vurlod •
M line of TOYS In Central California •
c . Stockton's Greatest Bazar, *
wo«wo9a«»«aooQQoeo«eoeooo«
| DAILY STAGE LINE \
O BETWEEN 6
» JACKSON and EL DORADO J
• J. Stelner, Proprietor. •
• Leaves Jackson every morning at 7:30 T
a a.m.: arrives at Plymouth 10:30 v. m. v
• Loaves Plymouth at Ip. m. i.urrivos at *
2 i-l Dorado 6p. m. o
• Loaves El Dorado 7:15 a. in ; arrives J
O nt Plymouth II v. m. Leaves Plymouth m
9 at 2p. ni. ; arrives in Jackson at 5 p. m. •
2 Offices— Jackson, National Hotel ;Sut- S
r ter Creek, American Exchange; Ama- a
" dor City, Amudor Hotel; Dry town, Xx- _
2 change; Plymouth, i'orutit Houso. ff
• Prompt delivery of packages. •
• This lino ronnecU with passenger •
• t ruins to and from Pluocrville. ■
• THROUGH FARE • • • ■ (2.50 *
• Fifty pounds of baggage free. •
• •t«*at««iiot«eatscßSt*«M
Not Coughing Today?
Yet you may cough tomorrow! Better be prepared for it
when It comes. Ask your doctor about keeping Ayer's
Cherry Pectoral in the house. Then when the hard cold
or cough first appears you have a doctor's medicine at
hand. Your doctor's approval of its use will certainly
set all doubt at rest. Do as he says. He knows.
| No alcohol in this cough 'medicine, y c AyerC^, [^otoellM^.
Robust health is a great safeguard against attacks of thro.it and lun>; troubles! but
constipation will destroy the best of health. Ask your doctor about Aycr'3 Pills.
BIBLE STUDY CONTEST
Suggestive Questions on the Sunday School
Lesson by Rev, Dr. Linscott for the
International Newspaper Bible Study Club-
(Copyright, 1909, by Rev. T. S. Ltin
soott, tJ.D.)
May IG, 1900.
Paul's First Missionary Journey.—
Icon i win and Lystra. Acts xiv:l-28.
Uoideu lext— All tbe gods of tbe
nations are idols; but tbe Lioid made
the heavens. Psalm 96:5.
Veroea 1-2— Point out on the map in
your JJible where loonlum is situated.
Can two missionaries working to
gether do more good than they would
working separately.
lias the story of Jeaus lost or gain
ed, in its charm upon tbe multitude,
since that day.
Was the unbelief of these Jews a
matter ot tbe intellect, through lack
of evidence, or was it a matter of tbe
heart; that it), a result of their re
bellion against Uod. r
Veises 3-7— UOW do you account
for tbe fact, that the same evidence,
and spiritual demonstration, which
made one part of the multitude turn
to God with gladness ot heart, made
tbe other part angry in heart, and
murderous in their actions. (This
question is to be answered in writing
by members of tbe club.)
Would you judge from this story, i
that all tbe good people were on tbe
side of tbe apostlus, iiiul all the bad j
and dishonest people on tlio other i
side.
Will a wise and brave man, some
i times run away from such dunger as
threatened the apostles, or will he
always stay and face it.
Tbe apostles fled to Lystra and
Derbe; where are these places situ
ated.
Verse B— ls tbeio'ever any blame to
be attached to those who are born '
with either physical or moral de- '
fects.
Are parents ever to be blamed for
either physical or moral defects in •
their children. j:
%- Monday, May 24, 1
3 Because we have more stores, more factories, more opticians, more t-Ja
|1 mechanics and more help than any three or four optical houses in wA
1 this State put together, our glasses are excellent and our prices right El
I Our representative may be consulted at I
F. W. Ruhser's Pharmacy
I 526 X St. Sacramento 1
o And el San Francisco, Oakland, Sacramento, Stockton, Fresno, Vallcjo i-9
Lived 152 Years
Wiu. II j hit— England's oldest niau—
nmmed tbo third time at 120 yeais,
wnrkd in tbe Uolds till i:i'J tnuJ Jived
'JO yours longer. iVoplo Bbould be
youthtul lit HU. James Wright, of
tipurlocki K\., shows how to remain
ynuni!. "1 fuel just like a Hi-year-
old I>o>\"lm writes, "after taking six
buttles of Kkuitrio Hitters. For thirty
year* Kidney trouble made niu a bur-
ili'ii, lait the lirst bottle ot this won-
derful ininiu'iiii) tiouviuced mo 1 bad
found the ureaUlt t'uru ou earth."
I'hey'vo a godsend to weak, uiokly
rnuiloAU ni old people. Try tbeui.
5Uu tit Kiiut.'iiuii'u Drug Htore.
Am pre-natal influences na powerful
in shaping a child's dostiuy us jioHt-
DBtal.
In our present uational condition,
should the state provide for and
maintain all tho.su who aie bora in an
impotent coudition.
Versos 9-10-ls faith, like this man
bad, possible for all, or is it a Rift
of Uod, the same as the resultant
graco and healing.
Was this a miracle, and whether or
not, does (Jod intend to run this
world by law or by miracle.
Verses 11-lU— What was tbe idea
that theao people had of tbe Doity.
How would it bo likely that liar
nabas resembled Jupiter, and Paul
Mercury to these people.
It ia a tmit in human nature to be
ieve in some popular superstition,
rather (him tbe plain truth of (Jod.
Versos 14-]s— lf a man of Uod is
being regarded in some superstitious
way, is it his duty to administer a
rebuke.
Have tbe best of mea got the same
natural passions as tbe worst, of men.
What comfort ie there to us in the
fact, that, Uod made "tbo beaven
and tbe earth."
Verses lU-18. -Ooes Uod pay tbe
same attention to the crops of tbe
sinner, as be does to tbe crops of a
saint.
Verses 10-20— Was it the same peo
ple that stoned Paul, who before this
wanted to do sacrifice to him.
Con there be any reliance placed
upon tbe applause of the multitude.
Verses 21-28~\Vhat kind of a man
is he who, laid out for dead through
stoning starts en his way the next
day preaching his story of mercy and
love.
.Lesson for Bunday, May 23rd, ]909,
•-The Council at Jerusalem. Ants
xv : 1-35.
Phears' Express.
Klug up Sum Pbear for prompt de-
livury ot trunks, bugßUfe aud express
packages. Kates reasonable. Leave
ordorß with I*. L. Cassiuelli, phoua
Mnin :i.'i; and Expross otlloo, Maiu 34;
residence lilaok !<74.
Acoideuta will buppeu, but tba
best-regulated families keep Dr.
1 liomiis 1 Kclt'U io Oil for biirh euiei-
Koucieg. It subdues the paiu and
heals the hurts.amadou ledger.
Jackson, cm.., may v. imto.
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
i'LYMOUTII.
Arthur i.)aoh la quite 111, and Is
under the care of Dr. Lynch of Ama-
Cbarlea Walton, nnd Mra Alioe
Cooper, both of thin town left for San
Frauolaoo Sunday morning, May Oth,
to attend tbe 1. O. O. F. grand
1 lodge, lie as n delegate for the 1. O.
O. 1 ( \, and she aa delegate for tbo
KebeKahs.
Several people from Plymouth at
tended the plonio at Slate Creek, and
all reported having a fine time.
Tbe Plymouth b?aas band furnished
the muaio tor the plonio and dauce at
Oleta.
Mrs Laura Butler, baa been on tbe
sick list for the past few days.
Tom Pinder ot this town, has gone
to Point Hiohmond, where be bas
employment.
Mra Oln Walton Is visiting ber
mother, Mra BrumQeld, of Sbenan
'doan Valley.
Chas. Bloom of Oleta, made a fly
ing trip to Plymouth Saturday.
Our eobool closed Friday May 7,
with an entertainment at tbe school
houso given by tbe teaober, Mr Keese,
all the school children taking part
making quite an enjoyable event.
Wild Kosea.
Harsh pbyslcs react, weaken the
bowels, cause chronic constipation.
Doan's Regulets operate easily, tone
tbe stomach, cure constipation. 250.
Ask you druggist for thorn.
AUKUM.
May 9. —The long dry weather ban
had a tolling effect upon tbe late
sown grain. The early sown and
summer fallow is as good as usual.
The grass has begun to turn brown,
whiob is a little unusual for this time
of year. Without copious rains soon
many pieces of late sown grain will
amount to but little but pasture.
This season, had the rain been equally
distributed, would have been a mark
ed season of good, hot coming as it
did, it leaves the country short in
cereals this year, and a shortage of
hay Is almost oeitain to follow. Kven
with rains in a few days to bring tbe
late sown grain out there cannot Irelp
from being a shortage on bay, na all
the overplus has been taken up with
nothing to draw on in tbe back yeat.
But bad or good mankind must make
the best of tho situation, -as -Mature
don't apologize for his inndvertent
iiosa, and goes ot; his war no matter
whether man lives or dies, l'ho time
is coming whan irrigation will bo
■ resorted to by tho people of Culi
fornla. There is plenty of water go
liug to waste that could be stnrml anil
utiliznd in irrigation. One -acre of
land well irrigated is worth twenty
net irrigated. There is -no lack of
money in tbe United States seeking
investment to do all tbat I have so
long claimod is a necessity for the
state!
it is an old adage, "help yourself
- and God will help you. *' California
ia a land of drouth, no use denying
tbis. 1 fj'ivo lived m California too
long for any man to -assert other
wise, and assort it in truth. Great
holdings do not make great or pros
perous countries. It is economy, one
of the mam Jaws of uutura,thnt is dis
tinctly laid out in fact, aud tbat too
Id every particular. France in one of
tbe most prosperous nations .on earth,'
and generally speaking bar individual
holdings are small. China takes up
. the action of economy, from necessity
to start with, and a pure business
policy to end with. If it ware not for
tbe economy displayed unirersalJy in
their country, her people would
starve like rats on a derelict veeseJ..
This brings up tbe poets actiou when:
he asserts. "Extravagant waste,
young man. Is one cause tbat Jute
brought on the misery you seem to
deplore.
Tbeio was a school eDtertainment'
at Oieta yesterday, and a dance at
night. The Plymouth band played
for both. Your ooriespondent was
tbere.and saw nothing unusual; it was
on a par with other pionios of other
localities. It was v social gutnerlng
which brings a better feeling by
: Basoolation. S g :
. This 1 esteemed as the real unseen"
feature of the ocoasion of tbe day:
Many meot to feast and die,
Many meet to sorrow and cry,
lint tbe world moves ou in its cruel
way
Itelentlessly ou from day to day.
It stops not in its course for more,
In its solemn way It seeks no fun
Jt turns tbe sycls upon tbe gruin,
Aud mown It down with a lordly train,
It smiles at man in his pomp and
And blnmi'j him oft wuou ho seeks v
Jt WMven him off to a Unld of woo,
Aud calmly nays, "1 lihvo told you
nn if
B U
■ VI
DEFKNDEK.
May lt-The weather la nnhythlng
but pleasing with us. Tbe thermo
meter dropped on Tuesday night
down to nearly 2a degrees,
i'be young maple leavos nnd some
of tbe apple blossoms were nipped.
W. ll' Nichols wont to Jackson
Wednesday, to consult Dr. Endioott,
who performed au operation on hie
side to roruovo some steel that hns
hmin causing him some tronble for
about thirty years. We nre all in
hopeg tbat be will be permanently
cured .
(Jraudma Utlrnnman is not aa well
as usual, aud others feel the grip of
rheumatism.
The wodding bells continue to rlDg.
Another la scheduled for June.
The cbuiob onlln out a good-by
number. Ollie Klmball ia organist
In Mrs Stlriinmiin'fl absenoe.
The schools are doing a suocessful
term's work at Pioneer and Antelope,
under Mrs Joyce and Miss llanley.
.Ins. Hamilton's little daughter,
Dorothy, and son Elton, have return
ed to their grandma, Mrs M. Me*
Kenzie.
Miss Violet Hamilton, Is visiting
her unole, constable MoKenzie, in
Voloafao.
Doc. titevenson, and Deacon Har
mon have been stopping at tbe Hit
or Miss station.
John Barton came up to his old
home and Indulged in a fishing outing
recently.
Deanon Hamilton says he is never
so happy as when right down to bed
rock listening to the murmoriug of
the creek.
Will Marcband has been very sick,
but is ou the improve now.
Miss Julia Bowen of Fine Grove, is
visiting at the Hit or Miss utation.
Tbe Andrews have taken their
cattle to the mountains for tbe sum
mer Fred Habb baa his cattle In tbe
mountains also.
Mrs Williams was visiting her
sister, Mrs Mary McKenzie, last Sun
day.
Cfaas. Ulenn, nnd lieu Smith,- went
to Sacramento on business Saturday,
but returned to-night.
Dan Brown on bis way home from
Miohol's, let his borse throw, him off
in the road, but be did not get hurt.
Oscar Norris of lone, is visiting
friends and relatives around De-
Mrs J. Kocoo and children, ate
staying with her mother, Mrs Bur
banks.
Mrs S. A. Werley is very poorly.
_„ "'ue Well
Everybody is, likely to havo kidney
and bladder trouble, in fact nearly
everybody bas some trouble of tbis
kind Tbat is Mm reason why you so
often buve paiua in tbe baok and
groin, scalding sensation, urinary
disorders, etc. — that's your kidneys.
The best thing to do is to get some
of UeWitt's kidney and bladder pills
light away. Take them for a few days
or a week or co nnd you will feel all
right. In this way too, you will
ward (iff dangerous aud possibly
serious ailnieuts. They are perfectly
harmless and are not only autiseptio,
but allay pain quickly by their heal
ing properties. Send your numa to
E. C. DeWitt & l!o., Chicago, for a
free trial box, Thoy are sold here by
City Pharmacy, X W Kuhser, prop.
SUTXEK CKEEK.
May llS— Mrs Xhos. Shannon of
Sacramento, arrived beie Saturday
evening to visit her father and sister,
John Sanderson and daughter, Miss
Alayme. Mr Saudersonu is very ill
and feeble.
Mrs - Hughes, wife of Dr. Walter
Kenwlok Hughes, of Alameda, and
baby are tbo guests of Miss Ktbel
llartwiok at her home near Uutter
Creek.
Miss Willy Eddy returned to her
home Friday evening from Sacra
mento, on nacount of the illness of
tier father, William Eddy.
Mis John Harmon and daughter,
Mi»B Edith, arrived here Friday even
ing from Eureka, for an extended
visit with her sister, Mrs A. Fharis,
and lamily, whom she had not eeen
for 32 years.
The funeral of John M. Dioker
uan, youDgest son of Margaret aud
the Jate Henry Diokernian, who
passed away in San Francisco- the
7tli instant, after a abort illness,
caused by spinal meningitis, was
held Jo the Cathollo church Monday
afternoon, the remains being snipped
to Amador city Saturday, the former
home of ttue deceased, where he was
born. The funeral was largely at
tended being most Bad and expressive,
tnljiug tbe story of a young life, but
19 years of ago out down in his
youth, thus so early ended. The
sympathy ot many friends are with
tbe sorrow strickon widowed mothei
and relatives in thia ullliction.
Last Frlduy afternoon, Urvllle C.
Hundoipb pHßsed away at tbe reel
denoe of his sister, Mrs Litbgow,
from paralysis of the brain. Al
though ailing for eouie time bis
death was midden and unexpected.
Tho fuuoral was held Sunday after
noon under tha auspices ot the
Native Souu. Tho Native Daughters
iil.so turning out in a body. The re
uiiiiiib weio intorretl iti the family
plot in I. (J. O. Il',I I ', cemetery. The
doceased whs a nutivo of thia county,
well kiiinvi:, vi.'d lichi the rtbpeot mid
esteem of a large r.lrole of frlenda.
Clark lUndolph nnd wife of San
Kranciaco, came Up Saturday to at
tend the fuoernl ot their brother,
Orvllle C. liiindnlph.
Mra l ( \ W. Hover of Mexico, who
lihh been visiting her parents, Mr and
Mrs Hrlnn In San Francisco, nrrlv
nrl bore Friday evening, nnd la tho
guost of Mrs E. O, V»nrbelß and
daughter, Mra ltnyllsa C. Clnrk %
Mrs Holari roturned Thuradoy even
ing from an exteudod visit iv Stock*
ton with bnr son.
William J. McOee, with Mrs McGee
and family, arrived here Saturday
from Horkoloy, and will remain dur
ing tbe mlnimer mouths.
Mra 11. Hrlgnoli, left Monday morn
ing, to attend tbo commencement
exercises at tbe University of Cali
fornia. Her son (Jus, oi lather
Augustus llrlgnoli, having completed
a four years' course* In the college of
mining, received on the l'itn instant
tbe degree ot 11. S.
Mrs Uraoe Johnson, Mrs W/ L
Koso, Mrs Martha Smith, V. W. Nor
ton and Cbas. Mulouk, lett Sunday
morning onroute to San Krunuiscn,
to attend tbe Mebekou assembly and
grand lodge of 1, U. O. l«Y, which
convened there Ibis week.
Miss Mayme Uornberger of Amador
City, was over Saturday evening and
attended tbe 0. E. S.
Mr and Mrs Elmer Tanner drove Itf
Stockton Wednesday on business
interests,and expects to return Friday
evening.
Mrs Fred Seltzer ot Lodi. arrived
here Monday evening, to visit with
her daughter, Mrs V, Shealor.
Mrs W. 11. (Jreeubalgb. and little
sod of Jackson, came over Monday to
visit her parents, Mr and Mrs Kickey,
returneud to her home Weduesduy.
Mrs Will Connois of Jackson, aud
little daughter, have been here the
past two- weeks visiting with her
sisters, Medsames Geo. Chisbolm and
Chns. Uinocnhlo.
Jacob lndlekofer, an old respected
citizen, passed away at bis home
Wednesday evening, after an illness
of many months. The funeral will
take place Saturday. Tbe deceased
was a native of Germany, aged about
68 years, and brother-in-law of tbe
late L. Kabolt. A widow survives
him. Sutterite. '
Biliousness and Constipation
Kor years 1 was troubled with bili
ousness and constipation, which made
lito miserable for me. My appetite
failed mo. 1 lost my usual forco and
vitality. , l J eusiu preparations and
catbartios only made matters worse."
1 do not know wbera. I should huve
been today bad 1 not tried Chamber
iiiin'a stomuob and' liver tablets. The
tablets relieve tbe ill feeling at once,
strengthen the digostivo functions
purify tbe stomach, liver anil blood,
helping the system to do its work
naturally.— Mrs Kosa Potts, DirruiuK
iiHin, Alu. Thesu tablets aro for eiile
by Jackson Drug Store, iSpaguoli,
prop.
lONE.
May 13— Mrs K. U. Jiagley departed
for San KroucißOo Wedueaduy, to bo
present at tbo graduating ot her eon
from college.
Tbe funeral of Will Hherwood wan
held from the hoaio of his sisters lust
Monday, Although he had been ail
ing for &OQIG time, bis deutb canto as
a sbock to his relutives and friends,
and all extend their heartfelt sym
pathy to tbe bereaved family.
Mrw Kate Mullen baa been visiting
friends here lor tbe last week, and it
coitainly is pleasing to welcome bur
again, -although tor a short time.
Last Monday Jeanette Lamb aud
Manuel Silva surprised their friends
|^^|WEHSHA|DWW EH 5HA|DWS t^j CIT Y|
m £^^V 93*A y£ t(r*ijL/ m * "rJati 5 1>25 EVERY TIM E A T^^ft^fcrr^ifr^XTSx^'jifi 1* "* **F^^c 1 1 •!
Li BOTH TESTS MADE BY tLtCTRICAL T6STINO LAUOK ATO XI C 3 ■ NEW YOH X CITY. U|
I * TiiEIfELSBACII KEFLEXOLIEK 1
S FOR STORES. HOMES. CLUBS and HALLS. M
| GIVES ASOFT STEADY LIGHTOF GREAT BRILUANCVAND POWER CLOSELY RESEMBLING DAYIIGHT 9
j SUPERIOR TO ELECTRIC LIGHT IN QUALITY. EFFICIENCY AND ECONOMY . |
jj The lights are turned pn or off by a mere pull on the chain-Making itas easy and 'convenient S
'j to operate as an Electric Li a fit- Positive in Irs action • simple in its construction. 1
| CHEAPER TO BUY CHEAPER TO USB CHEAPER TO KEEP LN ORDER
I EXHIBITION AT DUR SALESKHIIM |;
3 OUR REPRESENTATIVE WILL CALL BY REQUEST WITH FULL INFORMATION. |
I 'At ' \Q- -ON tfHS W'Oii^.s I
Eat What
You want of the food you need
Kodol will digest it
You need a sufficient amount of Our f*iinrar»t#»#»'
good wholesome food and more than V/UI. VTUdI dlllCC
this you need to fully digest It. Go to your druggist today, and
Else you can't gain strength, nor purchase a dollar bottle, and if you
can you strengthen your stomach if can honestly Bay, that you did not
it la weak. . receive any benefits from it, after
You must eat in order to livo and using tho entiro bottle, tho drug-
maintain strength. gist will refund your money to you
You must not diet, because tho without question or delay,
body requires that you eat a suflic- We will pay the druggist the prlca
lent amount of food regularly. of tho bottle purchased by you.
_ ... , , " . .  . « This offer applies to the largo
But this food must bo digested, only and to but one in a
and It must be digested thoroughly. . .. *
When the stomach can't do it, laml1 ''
you must take something that will ■"
. help tho stomach. We C 0 "13 not aflord to make such
The proper way to do is to eat an oflcr > unless wo Positively knew
what you want, and let Kodol di- what Kodol will do for you.
•""■»*«* £2£E2S2£Lm*m
Notliinsetorandothh. When M ■»«*•»«» fl"y <»nt bottle.
the stomach is weak it needs help; — ■ —
you must help it. by giving it rest, Kodol is made at the laboratories
and Kodol will do that. of E. C. DeWitt & Co., Chicago.
A.T CITY PHARMACY, JACKSON.
by slipping away to Jackson, and be
ing quietly . married. Last Monday
night they were treated to a serenade
by tbe band. Their friends wisb
them every joy in thoii married life.
Clnis. Dutscke bad tbe widforlune
the other day ot being kicked by a
borse, and now bos to carry his band
iv a sling tor some time.
The friends of J. W. MoMunay
are pleased to note that £c is very
much improved' ln health tbe last
few days.
Thursday morning Mrs (<eo. Yager
received tbe sad news tbat her father,
John Orr, of Plymouth, was dead.
It was a severe shook aa he bad only
been sick a few hours.
Miss Etbel Wharff went to tbe city
Monday as a delegate to the grand
lodge of Rebekabs. ioneite.
The most common cause of suffering
Kbeumatisni causes more pain and
Eufl'ering than any other disease, for
tbe reason tbat it is tbe most common
of all ills, and it is certainly gratify
ing to sufferers to know tbat Cham
berlain's Liniment will aiford relief,
and make rest and sleep possible.
In many cases tbe relief from pain,
whiob is at first temporary, has be
como permanent, while in old people
subject to chronic rheumatism, often
brought on by dampness or changes
in the weather, a oermaneut cure can
not be expected; the reliefftom pain
which this liniment ad'ords is aloue
Worth many times its cost. 25 und
GO cent sizos for sale by Jucksou Drug
stare.Spagnoli, prop.
MARRIED.
814..VA-LAMH. -In Juckson, May SJ,
J909, hy Upv. E. U. Urmi. Wnuuel
I I. Si! vii to Mies •lunuelto E. LrfUnbj
both of lono.
LAU(IHTON-AUAfiIS.-In .luckson.
, at tbe home ot tbo groom's parents,
May 12, 1000, by Itev. B. U. Uiun,
Dudley Ijnughtou of. Jackson, to
Miss Maud Adams, of l'itio (irove.
DIED
UICKERMAN.— In Haw i'rancieco,
May 8, I'JOU, John Diukermun, v
native of California, uged 25 year,
formerly of Amador City.
KANDOLHM.— In Butter Ureok, May
, 7, IUO9, Oiville C. Knndolph, aged
50 years, a native of California.
Now Is The Time
to make up your mind to have that
"Pboto" taken. Don't put it off any
longor— you'll never bn any younger
or look any better than you do right
now. Call at Logan's 15 S. San
Joaquin Street, the next time you aro
in Stookton, and let bim fix you up,
Then you can agreeably surprise your
friends by giving them a likeness of
yourself. Best workmanship— lowest
cost. '
Notice to Creditors.
Estate of Kllzabeth bell Upton, de-
ceased.
Notice Is hereby given by. tbe
undersigned, administrator of tbe
estate ot Elizabeth Hell Upton, de-
ceased, to tbe creditors of and all
persons having claims against the
said deceased, to exhibit them, with
tho Decessary vouchers, within four
months after tbo first publication of
this notice to tbe said administrator,
at tbo law office of Wm. J. McUee.
Court street, Jackson, Amador
county, California, tbe same being
tbe place for the transaction of tbe
business ot Enid cstato, iv said Ama-
dor county.
Dated, April 22, 1903.
' .. . , W. I<'. -.QIfiTEKT,
Administrator of tbo estßto of Kli-
zahetb liell Upton, deceased. 5t .
I ITS (ILL IN THE SOUND BOX
" ««^f**»» Tho Edison Gom
2 I'honoijriipli lm»
i ■ t&^vtcWSt. *' Ie Bnmo sound.
J ifiVfidli.TV box as the hlgh-
l ti l >i" I yi?/*i '"" prlcod one,
' fe> L ?*Wvip* l T^ and eoundg n»
" 'PtQ^t wo " II wl " lttBt
ft . - g Til» never Haw onn
?? J*^^ worn out, It
g Kings as sweetly a. tin' most cultivated
vt Hlncur, nnd renders i.orfocllv the tones of
pi tlio vaiifius tnstrunionts of orchestras
p uii'l liand.s
n Wo havo BCcurßd from tho- Kdluon pho-
9 BOKraph Co. the rlKht lo distribute IUO of
'■ thoHO wonderful phonographs and :u;iiii
fc records for advertising purposes. Tho
?s lowest cash prlue nnvwuere in the world
c for an Edison Uftm is $I:.'.UJ and yo gold
a molded recordM is *12.Cj<).
| Our Special Offer.
X Wo will soil you tho entiro outfit for
7 f-'J.". 10. Send s.l in rash uml sj per nionih
H thereafter until iiald and tlio outilt is
3 yours, No Interest on do:oi rod jmymonts.
jii Any time inside of ii year II you wish to
5 chango for a largjr Cdlson phonofjiaph
X you may do bo. Simply pay tho dilTer-
g onco in easy payments. Don't wait, as
g many aro taking advantage ol' this otTer,
f . ,Mt:M;r i, & CO.,
J.. Elks' Building, Stockton, Cal.
Eggs For Hatching.
■
Hinßle comb White Leghorn eggs per
sitting of 15, 81; 83 per 100. Ulllcks
Hatched to order 810 per 100. Address ■
I'nlni Poultry Form, .), Johnson, pro-
prietor, lone, Cnl. deo. 11, l-rn
i'OH KKNT.--Tho store premises,
now oooupled by tho Noil Front, ou
Mniti street, Jackson, opposite the •
(Jlobn hotel. For portion lure apply. '
to Uoorgn Weller, jßokaon.
r People's ■
Savings Bank
OF SACRAMENTO,
400 j ntki:i:t,
DOI-S STRICTLY A SAVINGS" j
BANK BUSINESS. i
Accepts deposits In sums from > •
One Dollar and upward. \
Guaranteed Capital $410,000 I
Paid Up Capital and •
Reserve - ■ - 410.000
Assets - - - 2.466.000 \
.
PAY
4K per Cent on Term j
Deposits.
4 per cent on Ordin-
ary Deposits.
Free from Taxes.
Send for our booklet,
"BANKING BY MAIL"
When you are j
dry and dusty *
CALL FOR
Gilt Edge Lager
— OR—
Doppel Brau
Sacramento's famous Beers
On draught everywhere.
In bottles too
Sacramento Brewing Co.
I P. J. RUHSTALLER, Mgr ...
♦»♦♦♦♦♦»•«»+♦♦»& ♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
| IT COSTS $2,000 J ;
< sometimes lor a skeptical pnr- <
J \ sou lo loiirn t'jat a bnnk ia a J \
i ', safer depnEitoty tor money than < >
♦ a haud bag. That ia wbnt it < >
J \ cost a lady recently to learn ] J
 thia bitter lesson. An cuter- « .
♦ prisiug burglar who was awnre < |
t of her foolis.h dietrnat of banks 5
 watched his opportunity mid <>
♦ Iho money vvna gouo. Tho say- < >
£ ings of almost a lifetime was 7
, , lost merely bocauso of tho fool- < >
♦ isli fear that the bauk would <•
J break. Think of tbe millions T
II and millions of dollars in <>
1 > banks every day and night and < '
t tbo loss by the breaking of h T
i i bank is not onn dollar in a < >
" hundred millions. Don't try '►
'' to be your own bauliflr. .You T
! ! may nmko a failure of it. < >
;; Bank of Amador County ',',
! ! Jackson. California. ! !
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»<4 ♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦
BANKING
BY MAIL
Tbo Utockton HaviuKS and
Loan Society with resources of
$4,000,000.00 offers every facility ;
for doinß a banking businees by
mail. Checks taken payable
in uny part of tbo United State?.
Our system of banking by mail
nraoticallv briDgs this great
bauk to your door, 'lo open
au account with us, place the
amount you wish to start within
an eiivelopo addressed to us and
by return mail you will receive
a bank bonk uhocvlDg tbo
amount of your deposit. The
United States mails aro safe
and no one ever lost a dollar in
I thin way. We eoliult the ac-
counts ot farmors, business men
and others and assure them
courteous and liberal treatment.
KinJly Mention this Paper
Send for freo Booklet.
STOCKTON SAVINGS
AND LOAN SOCIETY
Stockton, CaliforniaBEAUTY.
' -
Your boauty can bo improved by using Lang-
ley's Vanishing Peroxide Cream, tho best vanishing
peroxide cream on tho market.
Langlcy's Peroxide Cream contains no chemicals
injurious to tho skin, nor docs it produco any un-
pleasant feeling after application. Bcnclicial for
rough and chapped hands; having a mild bleaching
action it is excellent for tho removal of discoloration
of tho skin. Langlcy's Peroxide Cream is a fino
preparation for, tho removal of sunburn and tan that
is so prevalent just now,
Sold only at
RUHSER'S CITY PHARMACY
Main Street, Corner Court St.
JACKSON, CAL,
AMADOR LEDGER-
JACKSON, Cal MAY 14, 1909
TEMPERANCE AND RAINFALL
This tublo gives the highest and lowest tem
perature in Jackson for each day, together with
tho rainfall, as 'recorded by qolf-registerlng
instruments kept at the Ledger omen:
Temp gii Temp £.
Date. El Date. g,
_____ .^ilEi_ri! __J ": —
lay l..! 00»: 43: Wli...J ......17 .... : : ••
i! !is 88; ... is ; : ■••
3 57i 87J....1 19 : : ...
4 48: 87!.. ..j 20 ; : •"
5 ill 86 ..;. 21 : i ...
6 44; 80!....! 22 : : |..
7 4»: 85! 23 : :j. .
g 143:85! 24 : :|...
9 ! 43 M.;;. 25 ; ...
10 1 35; 75.... 28 1 : i : j...
11 | 35: 75.... ./.... 27 : j : !...
12 i 4Ui 76:....! 28 ! ! !...
13 3«; 79 .. ;...".... 29 i : !...
- 14 40J . |....ii 30 .1 : 1...
S : !i ; I::::!! 31 ;!:!:::
Temp gii Temp £.
Date. El Date. g,
_____ .^ilEi_ri! __J ": —
lay l..! 00»: 43: Wli...J ......17 .... : : ••
i! !is 88; ... is ; : ■••
3 57i 87J....1 19 : : ...
4 48: 87!.. ..j 20 ; : •"
5 ill 86 ..;. 21 : i ...
6 44; 80!....! 22 : : |..
7 4»: 85! 23 : :j. .
g 143:85! 24 : :|...
9 ! 43 M.;;. 25 ; ...
10 1 35; 75.... 28 1 : i : j...
11 | 35: 75.... ./.... 27 : j : !...
12 i 4Ui 76:....! 28 ! ! !...
13 3«; 79 .. ;...".... 29 i : !...
- 14 40J . |....ii 30 .1 : 1...
S : !i ; I::::!! 31 ;!:!:::
Total rainfall for season to date ..34.27 Indies
To corresponding period last Reason 11.39 "
LOCAL NEWS
J. I. Wilson. Dentist. Hours 9a.
in. to 5 p. m. Phone— Otll ce, blaok
444: residence, lilaok 301: Jaokson.
For Sale. —2lß acres of good agti
cultural nnd grazing land, at Forest
Home. Thirty acres timber land,
with at ' least 1000 cords live black
oak. For full particulars apply ou
promises, or to John (Julds, Jackson,
Cal. my 7-t f
Fred Lemoiu and family are es
tablished in their new home ut lone.
Hit lias beeu appoiuted to tbo position
of assistant in the blacksmith shop
of the Preston school, a position
which be is well qualified to till. He
commenced bis duties Wednesday
last. ,
Judge Fred V. Wood loft Sunday
fur Alameda county, to bold court
for Judge Waste, superior judge of
that county, who has beeu incapaci
tated for some time on account of
sickness. Judge Murphy of Mouo
county has been sitting ou the bench
in liia stoad, but he was compelled
to leuvo Monday ou account of busi
ness that had to bo attended to iv his
home county.
Wanted— A solicitor to secure
orders for tbo tailoring buisuoßS.
Ciood galary to the right mau, and
H|.fiai|y eniploymoijt. Apply to Win.
RoPi tije Tailor, J|oftserj, x
Hteve Coposioh ieft'Suuday toao
(end the grand lodge of Odd Fellows,
which convened lv Hull lrranokoo
Tuesday.
Henry Weil was a passenger on the
outgoing stage Sunday, ou a visit of
Btrveral weeka to his family in San
Francisco.
llio editor of the Ledger made a
Dying business trip to the oity this
week, depaitiug Sunday and retuiu
iug Tuesday.
Autiolpatiug trouble seven Italians
left Marred hotel for their nutivo
country several days ogo, aud Sunday
threo mure took their departure.
Tlitiy luid iuteuded to remain longer,
but coucluded that tbe present waa a
good time iv which to go. Kovorul
bad boHii in this county for a number
of years.
Kent will be charged ou idle inetera,
and after CO days they will be removed
without notice. IJ. 10. liotang.
Mrs Hedgpoth returned tbia wnck
from v short visit with relatives iv
Sacramento and elsewhere.
The ludies will bold tbe next ex
change for the benefit of tbe JM. 10.
üburcli iv tho shuw windows of (1.
F. Unman next Saturday, uuder the
management of Mrs Williams aud
Mra Mounter.
It iH reported that May J^uvo, who
wiih oomuutted to tbo Napu Asylum
J'ihl your, is very much improved iv
health. It iv hoped that who will ho
well eunugh to return to her rolutives
iv a short time. V
Ur, J. I>. Fogiirty, dentist, Jack
sou. Olticß iv Kay'u huildiiu;, Main
Ntreot. Hours from !• a. in. till sp.
p. m Tulni-huiu'.Hlack 'JUJ.
California Postcard Views, In
colors. Over 3000 subjects compris
ing Yoßomito Valley, Lake Taboo,
Shasta and places of interest through
out tbe state. 25— no two alike- 25
cents, W. Fred (Jentle, 2212 Sutter
St. San Francisco.
Miss Maud Vandament, and Mis
Waller left Sunday morning aa dele
gate from tbe Jacksou ' lodge of
Kebekaha to attend tbe grand lodge
which assembled in San I'rauciiaco
Tuesday.
A miner named M. Kadonia, an
employe of tbe Argonaut mine, was
struck on tbe right band last Satur
day, by a piece of rook, lacerating tbe
flesh badly, but factoring no bones.
He is doing nicely under the care of
Dr. Sprague.
Clarence FJ. Jarvia has received
word from tbe grand president of N.
S. U. W. that he has beeu assigned
as third vioe president to tbe district
embracing all the counties of tbe
state south of Tebaohapi. That is to
say, be will be tbe visiting ntllcial of
the grand parlor to all tbe subordi
nate parlors in that district.
Mrs Annie Hurst, Miss JJortba
Luoot, and Mrs Clara Calvin Jwere
elected delegates by Ursula Parlor to
attend the grand lodge of N. D. U.
W. which meets is Monterey in June.
Death of Mrs. Flora parley.
; A message was roceivod here yester
day that Mrs Flora Farley, widow of
tanner U. H. eeuator, James T. Farley
of this city, -died at Phoenix, Ari
zoua, on Wednesday last, after a long
illuess. Decoused was reared in
Amador couuty, and left hero soon
after the death of her husband, some
20 years ago. KIIO had been in feublo
health for years. Somo timo ago t-lio
went to Arizona lor the beuullt <:f her
health, and to joiu her daughter who
was employed there. i'he remains
will bo forwarded to Jackson for
interment by the eido of her bus
baud, parents and fist or. She is
tbo Just uf tbo family. She leaves it
sou aud daughter to mourn her
death. The body is expectud to
arrive tu-ruotrow aud the funeral to
take place Sunday.
Unclaimed Letters.
Thomas Zurr, Emihuj Pettinate,
Miss Daisy JMcL'arly '2, Henry
llowarlh, Leouizio Halfanti, Fortu
uato Foleta, Caltou Crafts, J^Us John
Carlyou, Luigi Caviglia, UHgu
Hurjovicb, V. A. Whitaker,
When you talk with some men, you
are made to fool that you ought to
buy a title, and enlist in an army of
destruction. They tell you every
thing is wrong, aud that something
should be dono. Other men calm
you, and cause you to feel satisfied
with your country aud neighbors.
Churoh White belouge to the latter
class. We are übligod to the few men
of Mr White's class, tho others are so
numerous aud co disturbing.
The pampered boy who is trained
to idleuoss and luxury, dies young,
or grows old before bis tlmo. It ia
ono ot lites paradoxes that tho surest
way to foil to Unit pleasure is to pur
sun it. Yon tire having more fun
working for a living than 101 l to the
lot of Harry Thaw, who went crazy
about a good timo.
\Vlfen v mini is mauled, he wants
to rush otf to v justice ot tbe peace,
aud get through v» 1 1 li it us soon m
possible, but a woman wants a
ohuroh weddiug, ia which all her
kin follow her to tbe altar. Kveiy
timo thero is a big wedding, a woman
is responsible for it.
When a muu is' dressed completely,
lio wears ten urticle?, iuoluiiiui; his
socks aud ueoktie. A woman wears
nineteen dill'ercut aiticlus, iv hnr hair
alone. A woman wears at luttbt titty
kovou ditt'ereut articles, and ia coui
pelled to keep truck of them, A wo
mau spends ono-thlid of her time iv
drufsjing aud undressing; a muu
iibn'.it twenty minutes euuli day.
Don't let hope ruu away with join
judgment.
OOCUMENTS RECORDED.
I'fhfi following Insiriimttntft havn bofin filed
lor record In tho recordor'R office ulnco our luflt
report. Wo publish n complete list of docu
ments recorded, and must decline to ftccedfl to
any request to mippresa uny documont from
these columns. Don'taskus to do so
Deeda-W. (7.~Hnyrter to L. S.
Alollhio KiO arccM In '/7-7-111, 91U.
O. Handereon to Mary J Sanderson,
100 nin-oH 10 10, gift.
Chnrles Uiukqlt to liicbuid Nor
grave, 80 ncres 18-7 -0, f 2OOO. 'I
Satisfaction of Mortgnge-Muzzey
to Carter.
Caooellaliou of Mortgago— Finn to
Pharlc
Palcnt-U. S. to VVillinro MuOrady,
100 acres 14-8-11.
Certificate of Redemption— Louis
Smith, lot 3 block !), Jots 3 nnd 4
bloolt 8, lot (i block 7, lot 'A% block
!\ and lot 10 block 0, and lot ti block
Id, lot G block 8, let G block 0, taxes
of 1907, 815. 7 C.
M. Sulinn, lot G3 lilonk G, Jaokßiiu,
taxea of 1 !)()(!, 87.87.
J. A. Wrlggleswortu, laud in 20-8-11,
taxea of IKMj 87.40.
John droll interest created byj
mortgage executed by U. li. Kymnl,
tnxoa.of 18U9-1901, 88.82.
C. W. Swain. 4U aoros 31-8-10, taxes
of 1002, 811.70.
«. B. Rymal, 40 aores, 18-7-10,
taxso of 1809-1901, 821.07.
Alex Miller, lutereet on mortgage
executed P, Prothero, In 515 acrea 7
7-9 and 32-8-9, taxea ot 1907, 150.71.
Decree— J. A. Gregg vs. P. A. Orr.
Decree recorded quieting title of
pJaiutilf to portion of 2-7-10, on road
leading from Plymouth to Placer
ville.
John A. Balch Weds Miss
Helen Skelly After a
Unique Courtship.
■ ,To tbe triumphs which it has been
i scoring in suob rapid succession dur
ing recent months wireless telegraphy
! added a new conquest yesterday. By
its means courtship was carried to a
I successful Issue, and in the marriage
in this city of two persons ot more
1 than ordinary prominence tbe super
; iority of lovemakfng'via wireless over
i tbe slower and more conventional
i medium of tbe mails was clearly
I established.
Tbo principals in this latest drama
of love and adventure are John A.
, IJalch. manager of the Wireless Tele
, graph Company at Honolulu, and
, Miss Helen Skelly of IJntto, Mont.
Uotb have a history and are a piirt of
history.
tialcb is a son of Dan W. tialob,
who was connected with tbe famous
Consolidated Virginia tniue aud was
' one ot tho first assayers of note of
■ this city. Miss Skelly has beau noted
'. as being not, only prominent in
society in llutto, but also as being
• one of the moat accomplished
1 pianists in Montana. Her ability
1 caused bur to be iv demaud at souiul
functions aud amutour theatricals
1 and her popularity was great.
Mis 9 Skelly, also was once encaged
to former United States Senator
1 Mautlo, aud iv that comes the In
1 terest in the triumph of courtship by
wireloss. For a louy period of years
tho wooing of Misa Skelly by the
ox-sonator wont ou aud, although no
formal announcement of thoir ongago
ruent is known to have been niailo,
that they wore to be married was
common gossip among all who knew
thorn. ■
At all the leading souial l'unotions
ill the Montana city senator Mantle
and Miss Skoily appeared together,
and tho latter was eveu scut by
Mantle to study musio iv an eastern
conservatory. Miss Skeily previous
ly had been a protege of Marcus Daly
♦tip fam.Qua copper king of Moutann,
Sho received part of her education 2t
Notre Dame University at San Jose.
While Miss Skelly was still engag
ed to .Mantle, as everbyody under
stood, aud ua Miss Skelly practically
admitted, she visited Honolulu.
There she met lialcb, who owned a
large plantation, as well as managed
tbe wireless telegraph company.
From what followed it appears to
have boon a case of love at first sight,
aud from the time of the first intro
duction of the two at tbe home of
Major aud Mra William I'imly the
courtship was patent to all observers.
It was at this time by the way, that
Congressman Nicholas Lougworth
uud bis bride, wbo was Miss Alice
Ltoocievolt, were vlsitiug Honolulu
and Misa Skelly was Mra Long
worth's constant companion.
Whim Miss rikully returned to this
country lluloh kept up a runuiug
courtship by wireless messages to
her, aU'j those, as results provod,
wuru mure oouviuoiug . than thn
letters that oauie from the former
Montana seuutor. Misa Hkelly then
made a second viait to Honolulu,
aud ll'iui the engagement with lliilch
was made aud tho Oue with Mautle
brokeu oil.
On Tuesday the steamship Alaineila
inrivi'd f i om Huuolulu, aud tin tumid
was John A, Kaloh. Miss Skellv win
horo to meet him, and yostorduy they
were mairled in old Ht. Mary's j
oburobi Fiitlinr Wytiail performed Him ,
uurumony. W. 11. KuuiiiltiiH. acteii .
an ljuut mini and Mius IJrai'o llurtou ,
of A lit mini a wuu briiiesiuatd. Tl:u ,
onuplo will tube ifjHliort hbiinvmouii j
and will then leave, Hot Honolulu. - |
H. F. Chronicle. ,
School Census.
Iho tcporta of the eohool cengns
marshals for tho current year have nil
be»>n received by school "superinten
dent W. 11. (ireenhnlgh. l«rom those
lotiiniH wo givn the number of conoufl
children In tbo respective dintrlcts
for the veara 1008 and 19U9, tor the
purpriflt* of compßrelon. Tho outocrhe
is o decliuo of 01 children. It Is not
ft Very fifiiloiis decreOHO, the really
sorioiiß part ot It lining (lint It la a
docrenso at nil, nnd that the county
bns boon dwindling down In juvonilo
population stondily for a numbor of
roars. Our tn i iioa ate more pros
perous, our ndu.lt population of
working men ia probably Inrger tbnu
over, and yet our total population is
growing downward. The census
figures are na tollowa:
1008 1909
Aetna • ■ • 40 41
Auiador City - lUO I(is
Antelope 18 17
Uildgoport n 0
HuniiH Vista 30 23
Cntnp Onra - - 11 8
Carbondale • - 10 18
Charity - - 12 15
Charleston 14 14
Clinton . . 42 4!{
Drytowu - • 91 80
Kinterprise - - 8 lil
Forest Homo - 21 18
Franklin . . 35 -13
Uilbert 18 18
Grapevine l(j 12
lone . . . 231 '230
Jackson . - • 518 523
Jackson VaUoy - 35 ' 37
Julian - - - 13 12
Landia Plana - - 11 22
Middle Har • - 5 8
Middle Fork - • 14 10
Mllligau - %i 25
Mt. Echo - -15 - 13
Mt. Springs - 'J 10
N. y. Kanoh • 26 27
Oluta - ' - - 39 38
Oneida - - 93 91
Pigeon Creek - 9 5
Pino (irove - 41 - 41
Pionoer 35 35
Plymouth - - 96 00
Quartz Mt. 13 13
Salt Creek 9 8
Spring Valley - 14 1G
Stony Creek - 20 9
Slitter Creek • 267 232
Union - - - 25 29
Volcano - - f>9 53
Williams - - 35 33
Willow Springs - 8 12
Total " 2190 2129
Decrease (51 •
.'The total number of ohilrden under
fry 1 cars for the year 1909 is reported
at 814 against 810 for last year, a fall
ing off of 2.
•'"'yutfered day and night the tor
meat of itching piles. Nothing help
ed me until 1 used Doau's Ointment.
It cured rub permanently."— lion.
John K. (iarrelt. Mayor, Uirurd, Ala.
Taxpayers Notice
Timbur land will bo assessed at Sf>
per acre.
(Jivo iv your assessment by Juno
).■■(. ho I oau close the rolls.
l!oad and poll taxes due. Delin
quent July Ist, utter which it will bo
i'd each.
CLAKANCE E. JAHVIS,
Assossor.
BASEBALL.
Jim attractiou last Sunday nt the
.laokaon buee bull ground was a
gume between the local pluyers, and
a niiiu from lone, it was the bust
contested game that haa ' been wit
nessed here this season,
i TUe ]ino-up was as follows:
love Jucksou
T. Leaoh 2 b. CairaM
lliyiuit 1 b. Dolaliiilo
Isuaca s. I) liore
Uitman i. f. ' lioltz - .
(Judy o. f. H. Diobens
Forbes 1. f. E. Dickens
b'ortner 3 f. W. lioro
(J. Kugue o. . JL. Ijovu
C. Leaoh p. Front
'J'hia game was between the second
nine of Jackson, and the lone boya.
lhe result was a victory for Jackson,
with a eoore of 6 to 5.
At tiutter Creek the Jackson re
gulars played a game with the Gutter
Oeek boys on riunday, and uiauaged
to defeat them with a eoore Of l'J to
11.
Jackson Will Celebrate.
A (ueetiug of oltizeua and uneinesß
uiuu was held lust .Saturday for tho
luiruose of conulderiug the matter of
uulubratiug thu fourth of July in this
town. It wan uuauimouely decided
to have a celobratiou. A lluunco
coiiimii too of threo was appoiuted to
Huliuit subßuri|)tlous. Thii committee
in composed of the following: il. 10.
Kay, l<'ied Kudey and W, 11. Clroeu
luilgli. Another meeting will bo held
ut mi etuiy date.
Kills to stop the Fiend
Tho worst toe fur l'J yuaru of John
Dnyp, of Uladwin, Miou., wus a ruu
uiuu uloePi tie tiuid doctori ovor
IftlDU without bunnllt. Tlum lluul<lhu'h
Aiuicti Hiil vii killed tln< uloer hiul
OUred him., Ciiihh lnvi-r Hon-H, boiif,
li'lims, euzßiiiH, mlt rheum. Inliilll
liln for pilot), burns, kuulilJi cur w,
ourui. S3 1! at Ui)uguolitf' drug itott,
B afcing* Powder
Absolutely Pure
Renders the
food more wholesome and su- *™&
perior in lightness and flavor. §§^6
The only baking powder wP^^m
Royal Grape Cream of Tartar. /f^^^jvOSh®
SUPERIOR COURT
PROCEEDINGS
HON. F. V. WOOD, JUDGE
People vs. P. Uabovich; — Ou
motion of the district attorney, the
two oases against defendant for em
bezzlement wore dismissed on thn
ground that the evideuco waa In
sufficient to* warrant a retrial, aud
bondameu exonerated.
Kbou Van Vranken vs. Kobt.
Jameson.— -Ordered that Kdward Vein
Vranken, administrator of tbe etsate
of lObor Van Vrankena, be substituted
as plaintiff, instead of Ebeu Van
Vranken.
S. Wilds vs. J. Noe. -Defendant's
costs taxed at 321.50; stay of ex
ecution granted for 10 days.
W. (J. Snydor vs. Charles Stockley
et al.— Trial had.no appearance ot de
fendant. Decree granted plaintiff as
prayed for.
Estate of Christina Keintz.-
Katheriua Kientz appdiutod adminis
trator upon riling bond of 3850.
Estate of Jos. Manley. — Continued
until May 21.
lOstato of Marie Corotto.— Con
tinued until May 21.
Estate of Margaret lioltz—Con
tinued until June 29.
People vs. Butter Creak Statu Dank.
— Matter partially heard, and further
hearing continued until May 2<J.
Examiuation of Domenico Oazzera
for alleged insanity.— After examiua
tion defendant is adjudged not in
sane.
Kxaminaiton of Frauk E. Koop
alleged insane — Examination had,
and said accused declared insane,
and committed to JNupa asylum.
A Smile
is a pretty hard thing to accomplish
when you'ro blue, bilious and out of
Hurts. There ia a sure cure for all
kinds of s to mauli and liver oomplaiuts
— •constipation and dyspepsia. lial
liird's Xlerbiue is mild, yet aluolutoly
ell'ective iv all cases, i'rico 50 cents
per bottle. Sold Ly Kuslier's (Jity
L'hHrniHcy.
BUGS DESTROYING ROSES.
lv the ilower garden of Ur. V, F.
ypraguo it has boon noticed for
several mouths past, iv tho rose
bußlies, after tho (lowers iiad bloom
ed that tuo blossoms were unusually
short lived. The limves ot the tlmvers
would full away and dry up iv a briet
fjpuce. Tho doctor was curious
ouough to try aud find out tlio crfuse.
An Investigation lovealod tho pre
scuco of soveral varieties ot bugn of tho
bentlo species, lielioviug Unit these
lr«l much to do with the decay of bis
roses he nnpturud ouoof two kinds,
aud son I them to tho university of
California for examination and re
port by an expert entomologist. This
week he received a communication
ti nm W. li. llermg, the assistant
entomologist. As it is probable that
other ilower gardens not only iv
Jackson but other parts of the county
have been invaded in the some way,
we publish tho letter iv full, as it ex
plains how the pests may be destroy
ed:
May 10, 190' J.
Ur. bred b\ Sprague,
Jaokßou, California.
Dear Sir: — Your li-tter of tho 271b
with enclosure of specimons is at
bund, iri the absence of Professor
Woodwortu, whose correspondence ia
left to me, 1 would say that the two
spocies of beetles have beeu identified
by our curator, viz:— Uo.x 1. — Khyn
obites bioolar l''atr. very destructive
to ruses. iJox -. — I'nilarbiid comes
Leo. (Laiupyiidae) not injurious to
veuetatiuu.
Colleotiug and destroying tho Huout
beetle is the oiust satistuolory
method. Striking the bushes with a
stick will ohiiso thu iusucts to fall
aud if ii cloth be spread under tbo
bush may be ouught aud killed in a
vessel of koroseue. The uso ot a
tobacco deooctiou ou the ground is
iilho recommuuded to deetroy the
uubtorraneau larva.
Very truly yours,
W. U. llerins.
„ If you expect to get the original
cur hollaed witch hazel tiiivlo you
imiNt In. gure it li DiAVltt'ri Carlioliz
oil Witch llti/cl Halve. It id uood for
OUtl< bums and Uruiaei, ami is es
pi-i'inlly guild for |)ilcu. lii'fnsi' sub
itltutut Hold tiy C!ity l'liuniuii-y, Il'I 1 '
W Uubieii, ptopi
Church Notes.
Order of eervioei at tbo Methodist
Episcopal church as follows: Sun
day Eobool nt "«! p. ni., preaching ser
vices evor? Siiinluy . to commence at
11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m., prayer meet
ing every Wednesday at 7:30 p. in.
The publio ia cordially invited to
attend these eervicos.
The End of the World
should it come to-niorrcw would find
fully 1-3 of the people suffering with
rheumatism of either slight or serious
nature. Nobody need surfer with
rheumatism for liallard's Snow Lini
ment drives away tint trouble, relievei
the pain instantly and leaves the
user as well nnd supple as a two
year old. Sold by Kuauer'a City
Pharmacy.
Vela & Piccardo
AGENTS FOR
Edison Phonographs
Come and listen to the New
Records.
■ygEjSjbh. List of Edison
(2 MINUTE)
10518 Won't You Even Say "Hollo"
.Manuel liomain
10110 Oh La, Lv, La. Lh. Ln,
Sallle Stembler
10122 Wake n Koiso Like a Hoop nnd
Roll Away Collins & ilarlau
10123 lieuutiful Kyes Adn Joues
10125 Ayesha, My Sweet Egyptian
Herbert Payne
10120 llow Firm a Foundation
Edison Mixed Quartette
10127 1 Used to He Afraid to (io
Home in tho Durk Hilly Murray
10129 Tho Heart of Ninon
Floreucn Ilinklo
10130 When the Humming Uirds l»e-
turu, Sweet Irene
UarJou & Stanley
10133 1 Uon't Cate if There's a (Jirl
There Harry Fuy
10134 Sbiuo Ou, Harvest Moon
Ada Jones & LJilly Murray
IUII7 Vodiib on tiaith — Waltz
National (London) Military iiaud
10128 A Coon Hand Contest
Maurice Lovi p.ud his ilnnd
10132 Uallowe'eu Dance
American Symphony Oiohestra
IOIIKJ AlllA 111 i 11 11 Kdisou Coucert Hand
1012J Stirling Castle and Harvest
Duiicu William Craii:
10121 (Jolden Trumpets
Albort lienzler
10121 A CunUdeutial Chat
Presa Eldtldge
10131 Uncle Josh at tbe Dentist's
Cal Stewart & Len Spencer
10i:iri The Model Minstrels
Kdison Minstrels
(4 MINUTE)
110 It is Enough James F. Harrison
118 To tbo End of tbe World With
You M annul Kotnaiu
121 Prize Song-"Tbe Mastersiugei"
Koed Miller
122 (Jolden JKod Mabel MoKiuley
124 Jerusalom
h'disou Mixed Quartotte
125 (Jood liye, Molly ilrowu
Ada Jones
127 Kven bravest Heart
Thomas Chalmers
128 1 Feel Thy Augel Spirit
Misa Chapman & Mr Harrison
130 I'm Awfully Stroug for You
Hilly Murray aud Chorus
131 Come Where the Lilies illoom
Metropolitau Quurtette
115 Itionzl Overture
Edison Coucert lluinl
120 S. K. Heury'H llarn Dance
N. V. Military IJuuii
123 Awakening uf Spring
American Kvmphony Ofchostru
12'J New Creation I'wo-Step
N Y. Militiiry Hand
132 Host's llritit! Dm'iiiiih of You Med-
ley, Amorlcaii Symphony Urcbestrn
131 Fuir HarvHid Waltsea
Mitui ice Lhvl isud tils Hand
117 Luve iiikl l>ev'"i 1011
Veuetlnn lus-tnimeutßl Ti in
l-'I Niua J lane Kroiuilil
111) (.'listing liread Upop tho Wuttis
Kit lire Vuuilcvillu (.'O.
13.l Si PorkliiH' Hani Dance
Ada J ones A. lieu SpeuoerFrom Our Exchanges.
The good old town of Mokelumne
1111 l that wna once tbe tendezvoua of
Jonquin Murettn and his band, and
wlilnh nriinnliiiß to tradition, is eairl
to uontaln In and nroaud It numer
ous hiding places of their ill-Rotton
plunder, was thotougbly Ronn over
during the lust two weeks by the
sesketfl after bidden Censure. Homo
two weeks ago, a Indy fnrluno teller,
mlndreader, franco medium, pnlrnist
and locator ot hidden treasuro strnnk
tbe town. She gave a puhlla lecture
in the church, at whiah she did a
little mind reading, telliug people
what they already knew na well as
some things they didn't know. She
stayed about ten days during which
time hlio bettered lieraelf fluaooially
to the tune of a couple of hundred
dollarn and t.hon hlio nent away leav
ing some of the good citizens with
blistered hands and perspiring brown
Btlll delving lv out of the way places
for the liirlflon treasure that as yet has
failed to matoralizo. You all know
wlmt iiarnuni, tho grout show man,
eaid.-Ullizen.
Ciinls are out aunouncoing tbe
marriage ot Miss Charlotte Abignll
Gregg of this city and Frank IJudeu
Harrison of Jacksu. Tbe wedding
took plaoe Tuesday, May 4, at tbe
lionio of tho bride in Polk street, and
was attended only by tbe relatives of
the couple. Tbe Kov. John llompliill
oflloiated. Mr aud Mrs Uudeu are
passing their honeymoon in the
southern part of tbe state aud will
reside in Jackson, Amador county.—
8. P. Call.
Last evening Mrs Miner received a
dispatch announcing tbe death of her
son, Will Sherwood; at Phoenix, Ari
zona, where be wont, lv tho vain hope
of obtaining relief from that dread
disease, consumption, l'be remains
will be brought to lone for iuter
niunt, which will take place on Mon
day.—Kcbu.
Tbe mowing machines are now
bumming on all tbe Mt. Kcbo farms
and considerable, voluuteer hay is be
ing harvested. Prospects for a crop
tbiß season aro far. — Kobo.
Prospectors are at work on tbe as
bestos lode on tbe Maco place, iionin
fine specimens have been taken out
and wo may look tor a stir in that
line. — Keboi
Cherries will be a light crop in this
valley. They aro fast getting tit for
market, and the quulity is tine.—
Kcbo.
A new three-ton mangle tor tbe
laundry at tbe Preston School was
received by tbat institution Tuesday.
-Echo. *
DeWrtt's Little Early Hisers. tbe
lamous little liver pills, small gentle
and sure. Sold by City Pharmacy,
F W Kuliser, prop.
Promoting a Land Sale.
Howard Dv liuls, the noted mining
engineer, told a good story to the
I'eou men recently, says the Boston
Record, illustrating the "art" oj.
suiting a diamond mine.
llm story was told of a mau in
South Africa, who, while walking one
day orer his property, suggested that
they assay some of the soil.
In the senrch Mint ensued eight
rough diamonds wore found, and
offers) begnn to fly through the air at
a rapid rate for the laud, when the
hush's wife called out to her busbaud :
"Why, Jobu, wbern nre the other
two!"
L'be sequel of the story was left to
the imngiuation.
Nursing Mothers and
Over-burdened Women
la all stations of llfo, whoso vigor and
vitality may have been undermined and
broken-down by over -work, exacting
social duties, tho too frequent bearing of
'children, or other causes, will find In Dr.
Picrco's Favorito Prescription tho most
potent, Invigorating rcstorativo strength
giver ever devised for their special bene
fit. Nurslng^nothers wiNJind it especial
ly valuable i\ sustaining >helr strength
and promotingSm aiiundant IKmrishment
for the child. KxptctantjrnpHwrs too
will find It a priceless\jo>t»to jJnmkh^ tho
system for baby's coming and relK&cing
the ordeal comparatively palnlessT^JU
run i|onn linrrp In any stato, or condition
of tho fcmitlo system.
Delicate, nervous, weak women, who
suffer from frequont headaches, back
ache, drasfglng-aown distress low down
In the abdomen, or from painful or Irreg
ular monthly periods, gnawing or dis
tressed sensation In stomach, dizzy or
faint spoils, sfcejmaglnary specks or spots
floating iM-foroSjycs, have disagreeable,
pelvic catarrhal drain, prolapsus, anto
verslon or retro-version or other displace
ments of womanly organs from weawness
of parts will, whether thoy experience
many or only a fow of tli« above symp
toms, find relief and a permanent euro by
using faithfully and fairly persistently
Dr. Plerco'H Favorito Prescription.
This world-famed upecltlc for woman's
weaknesses and peculiar ailments is a
pure glycorlc extract of tho choicest na
tive, medicinal roots without a drop of
alcohol In Us make-up. All Its ingredi
ents printed in plain English on its bottle
wrapper and attested under oath. Dr.
Plerco thus Invites the fullest Investiga
tion of his formula knowing that It will
be found to contain only the bust agents
known to tho most advanced medical
eclenco of all tho different schools of prac
tice for the cure ol woman's peculiar
weaknesses and ailments.
If you want to know more about the
composition and professional endorse
ment of the "Favorite Prescription," send
postal card request to Dr. It. V. Pierce,
JJuffalo, N. V., /or Ills free booklet treat
ing of same.
You can't afford to accept as a substi
tute for this remedy (ifhtmivn comiMtaltUm
a secret nostrum of itn/aurtOJi comport
lion. Don't do it.
GLOBE 5 SIGHTS.
Dad habits urn always stronger than
good resolutions.
About the beet thine in the world
Is a free!] egg fried in country bam
grease.
After n woman baa been in lore
three or four tlnirs.her benrt becomes
petrified.
A woman lonkß prettier getting a
baby to sleep than she does -on o
public platform. .
J'Jvnn in houso cleaning, . whon a
wnmnn passes n mirror she "fixes"
herself ii little.
Every man Is an anarchist in a way.
low of us believe In the laws that
hurt our business.
The mistakes of others would be
more amusing if you bad nono of
your own to answer for.
A good nmny peoplo fear a dry
summer. Still peoplo always talk
Mint way in tho spring.
Every man believes Hint if be could
get capital interested, ho could set
the world on fire with bin ideas.
It Is indelicate for any one bat the
grocery boy to call on a bride the
morning after her marriage.
A good woman's idea of something
dlsreputblo is to make a practice of
attending more than ono church.
It is all right to levereuce the mem
ory of noted ancestors, but remember
they have little value as collateral.
If people felt as tough every day In
the week as they feel on Monday,
there would be little progress in the
world.
You enn't make as beliovo any wo
iniiu lovus her husband when she
refers to him as "be" instead of by
bis name.
Every man has some particular eort
of genius. It tbo time in which be
lives mukes a market for his genius,
be buomuH great.
Kin that does no come under the
bead of brother kin or sister kin, is
regarded us ucciiJuutul, and not the
kind that worries.
In a little town, a man can always
get up exoitement by going out on
tho street, and predicting a business
Failure before nigbt.
'J be stage, when a busband doesn't
kiss bin wife goodbye, is reached bo
gradually that it is uot so painful as
Uercß lovers imagine.
It is nice Id the books to have a
masterful nrnn for a bero, but such
a tnsn is called downright bossy by
the neighbors in real life.
A girl who bus been engaged as
many as three times must have a
heart that looks as badly mussed up
ih the top bureau drawer.
Uefore demanding your own way, it
is well to consider whether you would
bo willing to grant evoryone else the
auino privilege.
Women are all delioatß and suffer
Intensely..' Hut look nrouud you: How
many widows do you know that are
ill? Kver know a widow to have an
operation performed?
There should be a perfume made
that smells like tbe dust when a heavy
Bbowor strikes it, after a long dry
spell. Did any scent every please
you more.
At least this much can be said for
the women : Tbey do not, claim that
this season's hats are beautiful; only
stylish, which happens to be more
important from tbe feminine view.
I'bere is uu old saying that a wo
man who persistently refuses to get
married, though blio has chance, will
bo compelled to mend all tbe old
bachelor's clothes in tbe next world.
Men are always afraid to talk loud
wheu in tbe presence of on unknown
woman who is heavily veiled. A
heavily veiled woman onu get on a
crowed street car, and stop every
sound.
It is well to seek information on
any subject which interests you, but
it does not follow that you should
air your knowledge iv burrangue or
argument. Other many not be so
interested in it.
In order to mnke as many bright
spots as possible iv her life, every
mother should darn the stockings
curly in the week, so that she nmy
have something to be thankful tor
Saturday night.
No one but a baby has pretty feet.
A girl ot 1G may have a face like a
Madonna, but sho hasn't a pretty foot
when it has nothing on. Keet chow
ago sooner than faces, and a growL
person's foot liuh no more beauty
than a bird's claw.
Habit Is very powerful. People who
have led simple and industrious lives
from necessity, -. iiever reoover from
the habit; good liabits seem to be as
powerful as bad oues. If you oau
learn good habits, they will take care
of you; you oannot tuke care of
yourself it you buve bad habits. You
cannot bs forever watching yourself,
either, and do anything else.
Occasionally you hoar a mnu be
wuilug his fate becuuse be must work
for a living. Humanity is given to
uilstukos, but it wakes few that ure
greater or more blindly made tbau
this. Look about you ut those who
do not work, either for v Jiving, or
tbe joy of work. There crimes within
your vision most of the unhuppluoss
of life.
CALIFORNIA'S BEAUTIFUL
GIRL IS CHOSEN
Portola Festival Committee Names
'Ml-s Vergllia Bogue. San Fran
cisco Society Belle.
The most beautiful girl in the
state of California has nliully been
selected. lint what v hard job it
was! Over two. thousand of Cali
fornia's most beautiful girls sub
mitted their photos, to the executive
comniitteo of the Portola Festival in
Sun Francisco for judgment.
The staid business men ot Multeity
labored days over deciding upon the
most beautiful girl. It was no easy
task. Now these men aro ready to
announce their judgment to the whole
world.
Miss Vorgilia liogue, a resident of
San Francisco, is the honored young
woman. She occupies a high social
position in tbe metropolis, her father
being Virgil lioguo, vice-president
and obief engineer of the Western
Pacific Itttilwny Company, and ouo of
tbe most eminent men iv bis ivorJs-iu
the world. -
Miss liogue was born in Auburn in
this state, .September 20tb, 18HU. She
is tbo daughter of Sybil Russell and
Virgil Gay liogue. She is a descend
ant of the Norman house uf de Rus
sell, de (Jriasse, de Lawroncn and
Uoguo. ' Jiarun Charles de Euasael
went to England with tbe Conqueror
in l(J(i(i, and his eon, Sir diaries
Kiiaeeil. was made a .liaronet. Tbe
family was one of Hoyalists but turn
ed to Cromwell, and most of the
family fled to America during the
wars. Ihey settled in Unintord,
Con., and iv South Dudley, Mass.
Tbe Hey. John Kuhboll still true to
the cause ot Cromwell concealed iv
his bouse at South tlndley three regi
cides ot Charles 1 — tho men who bad
signed bis death warrant. Tho re
mains are still iv the Russell collar.
Miss iiogue's mother was the
youngest of a largo family ot children
who have since become famous. Her
brother, Leslie W. Kufisell became
judge of tbe supreme court of New
York, and her eldest sister was called
Paying For Salvation.
The colored parson bnd just con
cluded a powerful sermou on "Snl
vutiou Am Kreo" und was anuounciug
that v collection would be taken for
tbo benefit of the parson and his
family. Up jumpod un ucutoly bra
nd tto brother iv the back of tho
church.
"Look n-your, pabson," bo inter
rupted, "jo' niu't no sooner dove
telliu' us tint sulviitioii urn freo duu
yo' go uskin' us fo' innuuy. If sal
vatiou uni froo, what's de use iv puy
lu! fo 1 it? Dats what 1 wuut to
know. An' ! tell yo' p'iutedly dut 1
niu't coin' to giO yo' notliiu' until
1 find out. Now—"
"Putioneo, hruddnr, pationce" snid
the purson. "I'll 'luoiduto*. H'pnan
yo' wus thirsty uu'-'oome to a rivur.
Vo' oould liiinul right down an' drink
yo' 1111, couldn't yo 1 ." An' It wouldn't
cost yo' notliin,' would it?"
"Ob oou'bo not. Dat'u jest what
1-"
"Uut wuter would be froo," con
tinued the (uiiHon. "Hut s'posiu' yo'
was to bat) dat wuter piped to yo'
house? Vo' have Id pay, wouldn't
yo'Y"
"Yas, suh, but-"
"Wul, biu'Jdor, co It is wid eul
vutiou. De salvution am froe, but it's
(Id Imvin' it pired to yo' dut yo' got
to pay fo'. Push de hat, deacon,
ims.H do hut."— Kverytiody Muguzlue.
Kot it bum or Hiiuld npply (Miuuibei ■
luin'H Halve. It will iillnv llm pulu
iilmo-it iiiMtuntly and quickly heal
the Injured puitu. I'or suiu by Jank
aou Drug Ktoro, Him/jimli, prop.
tbo queen of northern New York by
reason of her beauty. It Is from her
undoubtedly tbat Miss liogue gets
her queenly looks.
Many of tbe liognes fought iv the
devolution and are entirely n New
York family. Tbe do Grasses settled
in MassachuaettH in the latter rait of
tbo oiglileciitb century und unfortu
nately lost tbeir old Norman name by
dimming it to Weed. Tbo Lawrences
wore also New York settlers.
liolli Misa Uogue's father and
mother were horn iv (Jgdonshurg,
Now York. Her father w'ns educated
at Troy polytecbnto, mid bus since
became one of tbe most distinguished
engineers iv tbe world. His greatest
work probably, was tbo. building of
the Aroya road in Peru, that much
advertised road that runs abuvo tbe
clouds, from Lima over tliu Andes.
After six years' residence iv South
America, Mr liogue uudertook the
building of tbe Northern Pucillc in
Washington and tbe Baltimore and
Maryland, aud is at present direoting
tho engineering work of the Western
r.RciUo Itiulr'uid.
Miss li(,gue wob educated in San
l/rnuciscn and Portland, Oregon, in
her childhood; but ber real education
began at tbe Packer Institute, JJrook
lyn. New York where she gradusted
at the age of Boveuteon. Sue then
went to lioxwood Finishing School in
Lymo ('oun., and then to Koio Semi
nary. Koie, New York. Miss liogue
has made two trips to Europe and has
traveled extensively through Spaiu,
Morocoo, Italy, Greece, Turkey,
Franco arid England. Sho is an ac
complished muaiciau and has n voice
of rare quality. She is au athletic
and is ouo of the most splendid types
ot women. Sbo bas written two bonks
tbat will shortly be put on tbe
market. Mis 3 liogue is about five
feet, ten inches in height, splendidly
proportioned, with au exceedingly
graceful carriage; is of the brunette
•-.ypo with large, dark eyes and with
a strong characteristic face. She Is
a girl who can do things, and tbe
Portola Festival is to be congratulated
upon tbe selection of co splendid a
youDg woman.
OVERTAXED
Hundreds of Jackson Readers Know
What It Means.
The kidneys are oveituxod;
Have too uiiic.li to do.
They toll about It iv many nclies
and puius —
Huukacbe, sideßoho. heudaohe.
Early symptoms uf kidnoy ills.
Uriiinry troubles, dmbetes, liilgbt's
disease follow.
A ilaukßon citizen tells hero tbo
way to keep the kiduoys well.
Mrs Kvu Hastlnu, Church etroet,
•lackson, Ual., says: "1 aullered
severely from kidney trouble tor a
lour time.' My kidneys were disorder
ed and tho eecrotioiiß so f requont in
(manage us to canen me much unnoy
uuue. The pain iv my back was so
severe Unit 1 ooulrl not tln'jp at ulght
nud if I nttempted to turn over, 1
was iv misery. I tried lluimonts and
plasters nud ulso used v great ninny
reoiedius but <lid not llud eutlefactory
rullof until 1 Jeuruod of Douu's Kid
ney Pllla und procured a box at tho
City Pharmacy. 1 received great re
lief from the tlrst nud coutiuued tuk
iupt them until 1 was restored to good
health."
Xm 1 wilt) by all dealers. Price 00
cents, boater Milburu Co., liullnlo,
Now Vurk, sole Hgauts fur the United
Btatei.
Kemmnber tuo uume— Uouu's— and
I tuko uo utliiir.
Order To-day!
Wo oun hiivo you from $5.00 to $10.00
on a suit or overcoat if you order
now. Wo wmit to keep busy (between
seasous) while otheia mo dull.
Uomo lv iind lusncot some of the
most popular styles.
UNO. ItAYMONI),
Tuo London lull or. '
P| Lesley Dental Cream J|
1M Art Weal Mk Perfect for llf
«ui*&> Tooth Paste ip*s Teeth and Guma Tuw *
Absolutely Free m Absolutely Free
A full weight tube of this { j*| |l Send your name and ad-
dclightful tooth paste free to I ifiM dress on a por.ial and we will
anyone mailing this ad with p *?i*% mail you our ihrce new com-
4 cents in stamps to cover ' J/k^-^yj. plctc catalocucs, free, postage
postaßC< f i te&4^ i)aid -
The Owl Drug Company
611 Mission Street Mail Order Department San Francisco, Cal.
A MAN AND HIS BANK
Are intimately associated for their mutual good. Important,
therefore, that tbe mau choose hi j Hunk with an eye to absolute
safety, inviolate intesrity, and wise llnunoinl policy.
l'be Calitornla National exempliUos all these needed qualities so
satisfactorily tbat its clients grow In number daily. You are cordi- *
ally Invitod to make it. VOUK HANK, too. One Dollar will open an
account. .
CALIFORNIA NATIONAL BANK
4th & J Sts, SACRAMENTO, Cal.
Assets over $1,000,000.
j DKIFTED SNOW FLOUR |
I: It strengthens the system and builds it up ij
I So wheu you breakfast, dine or sup, 1|
J Be sure the bread that you do eat .:'
I Is made from purest, best of wheat. . " ]\
J DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR is. {
I DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR |
» NOETF VAIN STREET , JACKSON, CAL a
| CITY MEAT MARKET, j
» GEO. L. THOMAS 4 CO. •
O •
«3« 3 Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, Hams, •
2 Corned Beef, Lard, Bacon, Etc* S
• ■••.■'* .— »•':- - .... ..1 . •
» At lowest market prices. - - - Orders promptly delivered. •
SAVE MONEY
BY USING
PIONEER FLOUR
Because it will make more loaves
of bread to the sack than any
other. Made from strongest wheat
—MANUFACTURED BY—
© ■ PIONEER FLOUR MILLS. SACRAMENTO •
I FURNITURE STORE I
| Webb Building. JACKSON, §
I L. C. WHITE PROPRIETOR |
| Only Exclusive Furniture Store in Amador County. 1
; Bedsteads, Mattresses, Bureaus, i
; Tables, Chairs, Rockers, Desks, |
i Carpets, Matting, Linoleum, Window Shades I
I Ranges, Cooking and Heating Stoves |
3 Everything in the housekeeping lino may bo found J
\ at this storn, of up-to-date design and quality, and j
\ at reasonable prices. \
■ Houses furnished Complete on liberal terms. t j
| Carpets fitted und sewed to any sized room; a laryo assortment i
I to seloct from. ■ j
\ Call and examino the lar^o and complete stock, and get prices H
i before purchasing elsewhere. (a
! Orders from tho county will receive prompt attention. M
Rurnlturo Polish, Liquid Glue, and Insect Powder, ||
Second Hand Furniture Bought, Sold or 1
Exchanged. 1
All kinds of Furniture Repair Work Done. |
Silk Floss Mattresses made to order. IIOFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National Government.
EXECUTIVE
President Theodore Roosevelt
Vice President. .Charles W. Fairbanks
U. fl. StirnUME -COURT JUSTICES
i;Ghlef Justice Fuller)
First circuit ....Oliver W. Holms
Second circuit. ...IWf us W. l'eckham
P Third circuit Henory W. Brown
Fourth circuit Molvillo W. Fuller
Fifth circuit Edward w. White
- Sixth circuit John M. Harlan
Sovonth circuit William 11 Dny
Eight circuit David J. Grower
Ninth circuit Joseph McKonna
NINTH JUIMCAX. CIRCUIT
(Pacific State* and Territories)
Circuit judgo William W. Morrow
Ciroult judge Efiklro M. Ross
Circuit judgo William B. Glltwrt
U. S. Commissioner for Amador coun
ty Richard Webb
LEGISLATIVE
SENATORS FROM CALIFORNIA
■George C. Perkins and Frank P. Flint
CONGRKSSMEN FROM -CALIFORNIA
First district Wm. Englebright
Second district. . .Duncan E. McKlnlay
Third distract . .... Joseph K. Knowland
Fourth district. Julius Kahn
Fifth. district....... ... V .E. A. Hayos
Sixth district James C. ~Neodham
Seventh district James McLachlan
Eighth. district S-'CJ. Smith;
Stale Government.
EXECUTIVE
■Governor •- • .James N. Gillett;
Liout-GoWrnor Warren il. Porter:
Secretary .of State Charles F. Curry!
Controller.. - -A. B. Nye!
Treasurer Wm. U. Williams,
Attorney-GeJaeral.-. Ulysses S. Webb:
Surveyor-Ge-Deral. . Wm. S. Klngsburyl
Supt. State Printiug..W. W-Shannon ;
Clerk Supjrexae Court. . .F. L. Caughey '■
JUDICAKY
SVPB.FME COURT
Chief Justlee Wm. H. Beaty
Associate Justice... T. B. McFarland
Associate Justice F. W. Henshaw
Associate Justice. ... . . . W. G. Lorleran
Aesociate Justice !*. . . . . F. M. An<jollotti
Aeaoctato Justice Lucian Shaw
Associate J u5tice .......... M. C. Sloss
APPELLATE JUSTICES
First district James A. Cooper
First district Samuel P. Hall
First district Frank H. Kerrigant
Second district Matthew T. Alfen
Second district James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw
Third district Norton P. Chipman
ThiJd district. Albert G. Burnett
Third district Elijah C. Hart
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
. First district Joseph H Scott
Second district Alex Brown
Third district Richard E. Collins
Fourth district Jeff D. McElvaine
RAILROAD COMMISSION
First district ; . . . Alex C. Twrin
Second district Andrew M. Wilson
Third district. .Theodore Summorland
LEGISLATIVE
Senator, ]Oth district.. . .A. Camlnettl
Assemblyman. 11th dist..G. F. Snyder
U. S. LAND OFFICE
[Sacramento]
Register..... John F. Armstrong
Receiver Will A. Newcutn
County Government,
Superior Judge... Hon. Fred V. Wuuu
Sheriff & Tax Collector. ..US Gregory
Deputy.. W. T. Connors
District Attorney C. P. Viclnl
Clerk and Auditor J. R. Hu'berty
Deputy L - Newman
(Recorder D A. Patterson
Deputy L. G. Meehau
Treasurer George A. Giltton
Assessor C. E. Jarvls
Deputy Geor'tfo A; Gordon
Survoror Wm. Brown
Supt. of Schola W. H. Greenhalgb
Supt. Hospital F. B. LeMoln
Physician E. E. Eudicott, M. D.
Corner & Public Aduar. . .H. E. Potter
Court Commissioner. . . .Geo A Gordon
BOARD OP SUPERVISORS
Township 1... .John Stronm, Jackbou
Township 2 ...... U. H. Bagley, lone
Township 3 A. Grlllo, Volcano
Township 4D. A. Fraser Suiter Creek
Township 5 L. Burke, Plymouth
• [Chairman]
JUSTICES OF THE PEACE
Townbhlp No. 1 A. Golduer
Towushlp No. 2 T. ll.Gartlln
Township No. 3 A. W. Robln«on
Townuhlp No. 4 VV. L. Rose
Township No. 5 John Blower
CONSTABLES
Township No. 1 A. Laverone
Township No. 2 J. K. Kelloy
Towuship No. 8 T. C. MoKooze
Township No. 4 T. 6. Tuttle
Township No. 5 N. E. Wheeler
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
■ Reported wenklv for the ledger.
An Exploration Avvnitiug n CnrnPßle.
—An Amphibious Uiovcle. — Curing
ColDr-illiniliiCfiK.— Thn (!hh Mnutlo
Heater.— Two Hourcosof Meteorites.
— Uncortnlnty in I'llon. — Another
Wrong Old Tlioory.— Faulty Halla
Hemodtod.— Science Aiding thn
Miners.
Engineers have probed tbo earth
only to a doptb of about (1,500 feet be
lon Hid Hiirliiini, and Camilla l''lnrn
innrioti has lately ronewod liia old
sußgostiou that n- great exploration
shaft Should bo sunk to tbe utmost
possible depth in a thorough iuvosti
gatlon ot the ornst of our planet.
Tbis pit should be 200 or DUO yards
in diameter, cased with a massive iron
ring. Tbe heat increases at an iivor
age rate of one oootlgrado degree for
every 10H loot, and the temperature
of boiling water might be oxpecteri
at a little less than two miles, but
tho 'boring should go muoh deeper.
The lands in France, us well as cer
tain plains of Belgium, Holland and
Koutnauia, should have favorable
spots ifor exoavation. Snob an under
taking would oll'or unknown possi
■bilitma of practical and soientiOu re
sults, geologiual and palaeontological
ouiiositiea, iron mines, copper mines,
precious metals, veins of gold,
platinum, silver, indium, etc., and
imuirimlllionaires with a dread of dy
ing Tich bave here an opportunity of
acquiring fame and- Adding to human
knowledge.
Xhe atnpbibicyole, the novel ma
abinn of a Lyons mechanician for
traveling on land, or water, is a
bioydle mounted between two
cylindrical "teel floate 8 feet long and
a toot in diameter, a propeller and
a rrudder ''being attaub«d. In water
the rear wheel of tbe Iricyelo operates
a friction wheel to drive the pro
pel lor. On land tbo floats. etc, are
raised so as not to touch tbe ground,
and tile biuvcle tiarrios them along
ac it travels in tbe usual way. The
total weight is about '270 pounds.
Tbo machine hae traveled readily on
ordinary roads, and easily made 5 or
(! miles an hour on tbo Saona.
Late experience has atiovvn that the
color- blind may be taught to name
ordinary colors, correctly, although
they may net sco colors as others do.
A conductor on the Southern Hail
way was discharged for color-bliud
ness, when bo began to study colored
woolens and paints, and in live weeks
passed a rigid color examination
without a mistake, Dr. Drawley l:m
ovoroomo tho disadvantages of color
blindness in other persons by a like
course of color study.
'■ -The incandescent gas mantlo is
modlliotl into a hunting radiator by
Marcel Uelago, a I'uris engineer. A
tui'e of asbestos thread, of open mesh,
is formed on tbe same mold as tbo
mis mantle, and is cut to proper
length aud tbo top drawn togother to
torin a baud. Greater solidity is
given by dipping into silicate of
soda, then drying and calcining on a
gas burner. It is next dipped into
nitrate of cerium solution and again
dried and calcined, tbis treatment be
ing essential, as tbe great heut radia
tion Is due to tbo cerium salt. Ihn
completed mautlo may even be
dropped oo tbegtound without break
ing. In use, it is euspwuiictl over a
blue flame, six in a row in an open
front stove form of radiator beiDff an
effective urruugtuiiuui; and it heats
quickly, making tbe best use of gas
beat by radiating a large part of it
horizontally. Tbe bright glow of the
mantles gives uu attractive and cheer
ful appearance to tbe radiator.
Thorn is good reason for believing
tbat tbe moon was torn out of tbe
earth, tbe Pacific Ocean being poss
ibly tbe remaining soar, and it ap
pears tbat tbo stony fraemeuts I'ruf.
T. O. Clnimbsrliu tbiuks may have
been projected into space in the great
cataclysm are even now returuiug as
meteorites. Of the two chief classes
of raetooiites, the stony ones are
fnuud by Prof. W. 11. I'ickoring to te
all explained by this theory, while
some of tbe iron ouea may have bad
the mimo origin. Unlike the stony
meteorites, however, the metalllo
ones seem to be associated with
comets' aud star abowers, coming
from more distant regions of space,
and ialliug with greater velocity.
Tbe meteoric etonoa and irons are
about equally represented in ruußo
uma. Many more stoves aro actually
Huiiii to fall, however, ami as they
soon decompose aud are not easily
reooguizud, they may 'have been more
numetuus iv the past than now. Of
the '.!'.; elomeutu found iv uietnoiites,
all are terrestrial.
Au Bstuuluuliuj variation Iv tbe
eillloietioy of illes had been shown liy
U now tustiug UlQOhlue, Xlvii Dies
wi'i'.i worn out iv almost exactly the
iiuino number of stroked— about 110,
000, — but the amounts worn n*ny
were respectively 4.4. 11.5, 18, 2:1.5
anri 88,8 en bin inches. Ihe variations
are moro mntked on cast-iron tlinn on
steel. VnrlmiH factors determine the
milting efllclency, bat with dilfor
euoes so great the use of n poor Hie
mny ohango n prolllnble piece of ma
chine work Into a losing one. There
la evidently rontn for progress iv the
eoientltic making of the old and
familiar life, i.a well as in then grad
ing.
J ho hoHtirg cf a Rteon bonne by Ihfl
Him in MHimlly explained by the funt
that glutifl pormitfl tho pnasnge ot light
tnyp, but la almost Impenetrable to
heiii rays so Hint rj the light fnllliitf
upon tho enclosed object? la convert
ed Into heat ami patlially letleoted,
the loflecloii niys cannot oeoapn
through tin) glaaß. lima the heat
nrcumulates. To tost tbis long ostab
llshod theory, i'rof. IL W. Wood
blackened two pastoboard boxes, aud
covered cue with n plate of salt,
wbinli readily couducta both light
and heut, nnd the other with glass'
The salt-roofed box became even
wnrtnor than tho other, this being
trim also when tbe beat whs first
filtered from sunshine through glass.
The conclusion is that tbe ground nnd
other objects are heated by tbe in
cident rays, and that this heat Is then
spread by connection currents, but,
as tbe contined air cannot mix and
circulate with tbe outer nir, it con
centrates a larger amount of heat.
A remedy for fnulty aooustio pro
perties in largo balls but) been dis
uovored by ■liiiHtnvo Lyon ntter long
research. Tbe great hall of tbe Tro
oadero, tbo largest in Paris, is a
notorious bad example, mirl tbe eobo
beard in eom-e parts of tbo .hull.,
especially • at. tbe president' 3 box,
mn do it almost impossible to under
stand a speaker. The tteatment ap
plied has given a wonderful improve
ment. The mirfaccs giving the echoes
mere first located by au ingenious
method, and then received a double
covering of pieces of cloth spaced a
few inches apart. While the double
cloth was found to be effective, tbe
reason tbat tbe single olotti does not
deaden tho eebn is yet to bo learned.
I'ho mine-testing laboratory es
tabiiebed at Liovin, Uepartmeut Jiaa
do-Ciilnis France, has been provided
with a llr.st-oost allowance ot fc'7o,ooo,
with au annual appropriation of SIC, -
UOO. Greater safety iv mining is
sought by a study of coal dust ox
plusious and tboir preventiuu, tbo
control ot the stability of explosives,
mine lamna and electrical apparatus,
safety aud reecue appliance], aud all
other pertinent problems Special,
attention will be given to tbe investi
gation of serious mining accidents iv
olber countries as well ua in France.
A Happy Father
is soon turned to a sud uuo if lie has
to_ walk tho floor every night with v
crying baby. AlcUoe's Uuby Elixir
will make tho child well, — soothe its
nerves, induce healthy, normal slum
ber, best tor disordered bowels aud
sour Etonißob— all teething babies
need it. Pleasant lo take, Bure, and
sHfo, contains no harmful drugs,
b'rice 2.')0 and 00 cents per battle.
Sold by Kubscr's City Pharmacy.
Special Smail Ads.
Advertisements undor this liend. not exceed-
ing 5 lines, will botnseried otsoc per month, or
5 cunts per line (or less than one month.
ALL Ulmls of Diunks for V/.S. I^iuicl B'lllnifs—
■<»• Homestead, Timber and Mineral blanks—
rauy bo hud ut the T.udijur offiutj; ulso deeds
mortgages, mining locutions, proof of labor
and othur Ikkul blanks kept for sale.
Mm ing Signals ou cloth, required
to bo posted in all mjnea, for sale at
the Ledgor oltice.
P.jueipt books, location blanks, deoila
mortgages, promissory notes, eto.
for sale; also mining signals ou
cloth, graduation diplomas, at the
Ledgor nlileo
White Leghorn Hoosters for breed-
ing SI to $1.50 eaob.. Jasper Johnson,
lone.
Aoknowledgineut biauks tor nota-
ries, specially printed for Amador
county, may bo bad at tbe Lodger
ottico. I'lico 50n per packet ot 00.
Kuraisbed Kooms to let: inquire at
Ledgor olfiee. , -
Copies of the license ordinance ut
the City of Jackson iv pamphlet form
may bo had ut the Ledger otlloo; price
150. eaob.
FOii KENT— "ihreo furnished rooms
for light housekeeping ou tbe Mason
tract. Apply ut this otllco.
Il'orI 1 ' or Sale— Lot of bonclies, formerly
usod in Webb bail; li ami 8 teet iouc;
suitable for show pla()e,ohuruh(tg, etc.
Will bo sold cheap ; apply ut Ledger
ollice.
KA ILjKOADS wnuta ynunK men for
toleurupb and eltttlou mtvk-h; socd
P isituius Kiiui'iiuteoiJ. Address i'ulo-
umph (iept»i Ililuiniiii buililiiiu, Mar-
ket mill JoiiiM nU. , Hui I'VauoUoo,
I'ionuur tlour ia tlie best; buve no
othoi'. ,
DAILY BATH INJURIOUS.
Cherished Custom of Anglo-Saxon
Race Knocked on the Herd.
Olifi of the most cherished ifadltlotlii
trfthfl Drltlsb I'i l^ 1 , the "colil tub every
Uiomliig." Is nierellesuly (I'lllclsed by
Dr. J. 11. cinrke of London iv "Vital
Kfononiy; or, How to Conserve Youv
Strength," pnbllahed recently.
I)r. Clartca CoftfeiidS that in tho mat
ter of health tro are enslaved by wordrt
illld (ihrnscs, "The 'pores of the Bkttl 1
is ri phrase nt the thrlnd r.C which
laany feeble folk nre Bncflilcltlg the
last flicker "f theh' energy in tbe dally
morning iui>. Tlenty of fresh nlr* is
another tyrant which han claimed
numberless victims.
"I onco lost n good patient, whowat
always ailing, b.v.euUln;,' off Ma dally
morning lul>," says Dr. Clarke. "lie
grew strong and put on weight, nnd
It is one of hl.i delights to shock his
friends' by telling them how innny
years It In since he had a bnlh!"
Too inuetl Boaptng and scrubbing, ac
cording to Dr. Clarke, remove tbe ln
btlcnllng material secreted in the
glands of the skin to make it soft nnd
supple, find the removal leaves tho
sklu more sensitive, to atmospheric
changes.
The skin la a self cleansing organ.
By Honking tbe body ihe self cleans
ing cells nbsorb water, swell up and
die.
"One has only to rub oneself after a
bath and they come off In little rolls.
These do not consist of dirt, as is tho
popular idea, but of dead skin cells. 1
often tell people that it fc quite pos
sible for them to wasli themselves
dirty. They remove so much of the
protecting surface that they. give the
dirt a real- chance of getting Into their
skins."
Dr. Clarke recommends as a substi
tute for n bath a folded towel, wetted
in tho center and passed rapidly nil
over the body. This will "open the
pores" sufficiently without entailing
any shock.
WOMEN BUTCHERS.
An Unusual Feminine Occupation Fc>-
lowed In Paraguay.
The butchers In all parts of Paraguay
are women. In tho public slaughter
houses the cattle are dispatched by
men. This 1h the only part of tho work
done by men. The animal la skinned
nnd otherwise prepared by women who
are dexteroun iv the use of the saw
niMl knife. It Is served out to the cus
tomers by women— not generally by
weight, but by the piece— and tho prieo
1« very. "low.
-Women of all ages act the part of
butchers. Some are young and pretty,
others old nnd wrinkled. The women
are great bargainers and keen to pull
a new arrival almost to pieces in tbe
hope of securing his custom. These
women butchers earn good wages, and
many of those in business on their
own account acquire modest fortunos.
Mo'enuso of this state of things in'
tho heroic wnr waged by Paraguay
more than thirty years ago against
the overwhelming forces of Brazil, thti
Argentine Republic nnd Uruguay com
bined. This war, which lasted five
years, bore many similar points of r«
fiemblnnve to the recent Boer war. )1
ended In the almost total annihilation
of the nblcbcdied male population of
the country.
When the war was over the pcopln
had been reduced lo (lie most abject
poverty and were on the verge of star
viilion. Worse still, owing to the de
struction of tho male population, pei
feet anarchy prevailed, and all the
work formerly performed by males
fcl! on the fair sex. They rebuilt the
bouses which had been. burned down,
tilled the fields and wove for them
selves rough homespun clothing fro-n
the cotton grown in their own field."
The Same Old Way.
Jllsa Madeline Edison, daughter of
Thomas A. Edison. Is snid to be fol
lowing In her fa I tier's footsteps as sin
Inventor. For several years she Ins
been his comrade in working out ex
periments In electricity. As her own
Invention she lias put on the marl/et
pn automobile map.
NEEDLEWORK NOTES.
Whenever possible, one should mend
woolen clothing with the ravelings of
the goods. This makes a much neater
mend, and If neatly done the rent will
ho almost Invisible.
When sewing n collar to a waist do
not allow nny fullness to occur across
the back of the waist, unless the waist
Is designed for It. If the neck Ins
stretched n little and Is too large for
tho band let the fullness come from
tbo front of the waist to a little <n
front of tho shoulder seam.
lor ft handy needlcbook n piece ot
blue satin ribbon eight Inches long aud
two inches wide la pointed nt em:h
owl and finished with a small blue silk
tnssel. It is then stitched to a second
piece" of ribbon the same size nnd
sewed across to form three small
needlo pockets. Into the three pockets
are thrust small papers of needles.
White cotton crape Is a serviceable
and .pretty material for tho bouse
wrapper. It can be made rather fv.ll
if the fullness is supplied by havllijt
numerous tucks In tbo waist portion.
The wrapper is made Iv an empire
njodo with tbo girdle placed below
tbe bust lino. Auy dainty trimming
In blue or pink would be pretty. AU
applique of npplo green or apple green
lace Insertion would nerve nicely far
outlines. For a cheap wrapper selwt
n pink flowi-red lawn and make it wltU
r.hort sleeves, finished lit tho elbow
with bands. Plait the shoulders ni.d
Imvo It double breasted and colliirlos*.
Outline tho nock, waist front and front
team with v lace insertion. Tie at th»
waist with a pink silk ribbon.
ESTABLISHED 1855.
THE
Published in tho Center of the Richest
Mother Lode Gold Belt.
Printed every Friday Afternoon
K. Webu, Editor and Proprietor.
T3n.e Old.est
Zfcvtflost IziflijLezrtial
J^/Lost T7v r id.el37-ZClrc-a.la,ted
Paper published in Amador County.
The Best Advertising Medium
Republican is politics
But the slave of no party
And the foe of alljpolitical and Official Cliques and Rings
Free and Independent in the discussion of al" matters pertaining lo
; to the Local Government
Fearless in the ventillation and exposure of Official Wrong Doing
The Paper for the Family
For the Farmer
For the Miner
For the Merchant and Business Man
For the Taxpayers and Citizens Generally
Two Dollars per year]
If paid strictly in advance; otherwise $2.50 will be charged.
OUR CLUBBING RATES:
Ledger and Dally Call, one year.s 9 00 fLeciger and daily San Francisco
Ledger and Weekly Call one year 320 Bulletin, 000 year, ....3 50
a j j Strictly in advance. Any snbscriber
Ledger and Daily Chronicle, one can avail himself this offer by paying
year 9 00 uptarrea^ago and then in advance.
Lecgcr - od Weekly Chronicle, L li nn R c e 7 D e^ C e ar m . < !P?!i.t.a.n..!!!!?."! P ?! i . t . a . n .. !!!!?." 2 75
300 Le dger and McCall's Magazine. 1
Lodger and Daily Examiner lyoar 9 00 J year, including free pattern... . 2
Our Job Printing Department
Is tho most Complete to bo found hit tho mountains.
Up to-date presses, Simplex Typesetting Machine, Folder, Perforating
Machine, Numbering and Punching Machines.
'22. We buy our paper stock from Manufacturers at Bottom prices
Billheads, Letter Heads, Statements.
Pamphlets, Posters, Dodgers,
Cheeks, Receipts, Tags,
Business and Visiting Curds,
Programs, Etc.
All kinds of Legal Blanks, Briefs and Transcripts printed promptly and
neatly. In short, wo can do anything in the printing l!ae
OUE PRICES axe IESTO-SH?
We Can and Do Compote with City Prices.
If you have anything in tho printing line, con't send it away but pat
mime home industry-. AMADDR LEDBER
Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD Wfißß V...V.V.". Editor nnd Proprietor
SUBSCRIPTION RATES!
ffno year (In afl vance * a °°
Oceyear(l( not In advance)'. 9 W)
Slxmontbi • °°
Three months  1 ° m
One. or moro copies, each ° *
Legal advertising— per nqnare of KM ema -First insertion 1 1 00
flubsequentlnsertlons— pef tunare-eaoh M
ENCSaID AT TDK POSTomCS AT JACKSOH A 8 8BCO!ID-Cr.ASS MATTER.
TtITC DADCD M Kept on file at K. O. DAKK'S Advertising Agency, 779 Market street
1 Hid lArctt Ban Franolsoo, California, where contracts for advertising oan be made
for It
TRIDAY MAY 14, 1909
LOCAL EDITORIAL COLUMN.
BY CLUBBING OFFER
We have made arrangements with the Bulletin — the lead
fug afternoon daily of San Francisco, by which we are en
able to offer a daily paper with the Ledger for $3. Tl" le re
gular price of the Bulletin is $3.50 per year; and the sub
scription to the Ledger is $2 per year. We are enable to
offer both papers for $3 per year, in advance. This is 50c
less than the regular subscription of the Bulletin alone.
This places a good daily newspaper and the Ledger within
the reach of every family 'in Amador county. No such
liberal offer was ever made to our readers. It should be
taken advantage of at once, as the offer is made for a limited
time only. It is liable to. be withdrawn any time. We
shall distribute a number of sample copies of the Bulletin
throughout the county, and also endeavor to send a solicitor
to canvass for subscriptions in this clubbing offer. Any
person cau have a sample copy of the Bulletin by calling at
this office, or we will send a copy through the mail to any
person desiring same. Don't delay taking advantage of this
great offer. ■
. The grumbler is a pest. Such a
man can cause a tlozeu men an hour
to feel niaaati9lled with themselves
anil their surroundings. A cheerful
man is an angel, and a grumbler is a
devil.
It is a great credit to a Spin that
sho can remember anything, not be
ing.iv a position to say, like her mar
rind sister, "That wa9 the year Willio
was born." or "It happened tho sum
mer Jimmio unt his teeth.
IJead.nnte: The big pompadours
aud masa of curls are going out: i'be
style r.ow is for a girl to wear her
hair on the baok of bcr head, project
ing out so far that she bus to tin ti a
eorcoc as cautiously a3 a wagon haul
ing telograph polo.
This insurgent move you hear so
much about in congress Is no novelty;
evory family has an insurgent or two,
although, peruapj, they aro known by
another name.
Subject for disaussion at to-nigbt's
meeting of the Lancaster Literary
Socinfy : "liesnlved, That when a
man guos with a girl, he should marry
her within two years.
Many people are curious to know
about peculiar things. Il'orI I ' or inntanno,
the writer ii curious to kuow if a bar
ber give 3 hiAvifn tho feo he culleuts
for shaving a dead man.
You hear a thousand things every
day that are "good tor you," bat
tbore ia nothing quite so good for
you as a luiusal to worry, i bat's the
real seoret of health and happiness.
IJvery man ia disposed to think ho
is a lion, nnd that ull the other nion
aro sheep.
§ The Specialty House for g
§ Women and Children |j
2 Seventh and X Streets, Sacramento. g
I FINE SILK SKIRTS FREE. |
S ■Boginniug May 17th wo will give, to every pur- g
S chasor of our Women, s,' Misses or Junior Worsted g
3 Suils at 30.00 or more,
A $500 SILK SKIRT-ABSOLUTELY FREE. 5
2 This olior is mado to introduco tho ninny ad-
vantagos in trading at Kaufman's. In addition to k
S tho Silk Skirt, wo will give you BETTER- VALUES,
<£ LATEST STYLES and LOWER PRICES than aro jS
oflorod olsowhoro. A perfect fit and satisfaction T^
2 guaranteed. fj
A woman does enjoy telling how
many times she sifts the Hour in
malting a cake.
The nulural way is the best way.
Any interference with nature will re
sult in' Irjuble., _
Nothing suits a' man better than to
Beo a worthless boy comn out and
"make a man" of himself.
Generally when a man denies a
marrying story it ia .because there is
another woman in the case.
A girl is willing for liar mother to
wash hor other articles of clothing,
but her shirt waists, must go to the
laundry.
Ibero isn't a groat deal to be said
ia favor of whiskera in general, but
the Japanese seem to grow the hard
est looking crop.
Evory time you tell a bad story ori
your neighbors, it's a pity some one
doau't say to you: "Well, you have
no room to tulk !"
If a girl will tell a man every rod
that he ia the finest driver she ever
saw, he will bitch up and hilto her
riding seven timoa n week.
A newly married man in town,
whoso wife never learned to cook
dououtly, ia Qulloring with a coi.lll.sh
ball in his vermiform nppcudix.
"Wlion n man first gats married, "
said a mail to-day, "everything ia ull
right. Thou, after bo has boon mar
ried awhile, everything \i all wrong."
A man Inugha when lie ia amused; a
woman laughs when sho thinks sbo
ought to.
About tho ugliest cteature on eaith
is a (all slim boy wearing ppectaoles.
Most meu havo Hid notion that their
<vivo 3 do not caie much for them.
■ garments for workingmen
Hotel Arrivals
National: Thursday— W A Halls
bury, L'iuo (irovn; John Purvis M U,
Unklauil; J M llartzberg, bun Kran
olsco; Claienoe Jarvls, Buttor Crook;
H Duncan, Sacramento; Capt. Web
ber, Geo. Grey, Htocktou; 11 llaokett,
I' 1 II Winobell, Huti I'iiuwibco; L
l-'lsher, M V Weiry, Electia.
Friday— W 11 Weaver, Alaraeda,
Henry Morris, Onklumi; U L Gtay
and wife, Mokelumne Hill; I) W
Graves, Hanta Cruz; D Morris.
SiHsrnmoiito; I'aul Koob, A J' Searle,
Liodi; X Cauut, Sun Francisco; W H
Morris, I'reaton School. .
Haturday-J 11 Newell, G L Hill,
E Lj Andrews, Sun Krancisoo; E J
roar. Henrietta I'ost, Hatter Creek;
U Weinrotb, Ban Krancisco; W P
Temple. Ed O'Nell. J D Cox, PaoiUc
T. and X. Co., W Vau Selbury, New
Orleans; Tll James, Sun Kmncieco;
O A Mandell, Tel.. Co.
Sunday— WJ) Duke nnd wife, X J!
Haiph, Latrobe; E 15 Henley, W
II Kline, J S Koberts and wife, Hen
Krunclsco; D W Calden, West Point;
LJ Wertheiiuur, M C Laude, Han
tianclsoo.
Monday— A Hopper, Albert Gura
vontn, 'iuo. Lime, Sau IVranuisuo; E
C Baker, Eleotra.
Tuesday— Geo. X Acker, Stockton;
FPappi, Han Francisco; B I*' Edward,
Oakland; W E Gillham, 11 M Grim
and wife, Oakland; (J G McDonald,
O G Gall, Stockton; C H Hardy, St.
L onis; A Johns, Klectra.'
Wednesday— VV J Surrylime, San
Franuisuo; J (} Skinner and ' wife,
Stanley llolley, Stockton; Mrs IJ
Kitts. Hunta Kosa; fiouso, Stockton;
1' 11 Lyne, Sacrumento; X M Miller,
Mm loll; A Hopper, Han Francisco.
Globe: Tbursday — U M IJurlesoa
and wilo, W T Robinson and wife,
Mokelumne Hill; Will Klcb, Placer
ville; Fred A Krotli, Copper Hill;
Luurenco C White, Amador City.
Friday— L W Johnson, Stockton;
liana Woitiich, San Francisoo; M J
White, J M Dumas, Sacramento.
Saturday— J J Ekol, Plymouth;
Nellie llunloy, Antelope; Grace Dut
rone, Middle Fork; Liouis Nireuthal,
Camp Seco; A Woolfork, Eleotra; D
Dondero, Kouo.
Sunday— E C Hnnvood, Sau Fran
oisco; M L Thomas, Haurameuto; G
N until 1 and wife, Mokelumuo Hill;
John Kleiner, Plymouth.
Monday— R F Sowdon, Missr^.J
McNamaia, A E Gaitliu, lone; J>A
Thornton and wile, G L.ieoro, ' Frank
Burke, J J Kirvau, Sau Francisco;
P >Sli:inuou aod'wife, Sacramento; W
Freoiuan, Stockton; J F IJutobiusou.
Uurko, Jdiuiu; (Jlnts. \V itaniEey,
Angola.
Tuesday- C Murton, Sucrameuto;
Mrs Smith, Dofoudor; E J Fitzgerald.
Chicago; F A Orr, Plymouth.
■ Wednesday— L Katz, O U Myers,
San Francisco; Dennis O'Day, A
MclJuin, Amadoi; F Menisiui. San
Fruuoifco.
Whooplnq Cough
"In February our daughter has the
whooplug cough. Mr Lane, of iltirt
land, recommended Chumberlain's
noiujh remedy and said it giim hia
rii-tiiiiioiH tho best ot satisfaction,
We found it mb In) said, and ciin io
commend it to anyone having child
ren troubled with whooping obuabJU
fisij's Mrs A. Gohb, of Durand, Mich.
For tula by .luck-on Drug Store.Spag
uoli, pioii.
Not out) nomau in a hundred has
a nicu looking back. She either
needs a bustle or nature gnvo Lor ono
too largo.
How's This 'l
Wo offer Ono Hundred Dollars Ho
ward for any case of Catarrh that cau
not be cured by Hull's Cutarrli Cure.
F. J. Cheney & Co;Toledo;0.
Wo, tho undersigned, have known F.
J. Cheney honorable in all business Iran
suctions lirmndally üblo to curry out any
obligations nnulo by his linn.
Walding, Kiiinarifc Marvin, '
Wholesalo druggists, Toledo, O.
Hall's Catarrh Curo is tukon intern
ally acting directly upon tho blood, and
mucous surfuces of tho system. Testi
monials sent free. Price 75 cents per
bottlo. Sold by nil druggists.
.With nil respect to the missionaries,
who ure very good people, wo never
yet saw ono that we would caro to
oat.
Smashes all Records
Ah an ull-runiid laxutivo tuniu and
health-builder no other pill* can
ooiuunre with Dr. King's new life
I'illri. They toue ami regulate
utomaoh, liver mid kidneys, purify
the blood, etreuutheu tha nerves;
omo coustipation, dyHpopsiu, bilious
ntiHH. jaundice, Imminent!, chllla and
malaria. Try them. \i'm ut Hpaxtiull'a
drug Bturu.
Won't Slight a Good Friend
"If ever I need a congb medicine
Ruin 1 know wlint, to net," declnres
Mn A. L.. Alley of Deals, Me., "for,
nltrr naing ten bottles of I'r. Klnga's
New Dlsooverjr, nnd teeing Ita ex
cellent results id my own family and
others, 1 am convinced It Is the beet
medicine made for coughs, colds nnd
lima trouble." Every one who tries
It feels just that way. Kellef is telt
at once anil Its quick cure enrprlsea
yew. Kor bronchitis, asthma, hemor
rhage, ornup, In grippe, sore thtoat,
pain in chest or lungs its supreme.
50a and spi.no. Trial bottle free.
Guaranteed by Kubser'a City I'hnr-
Diacy.
One of the things daughter lonrtia
long before her a, h, o's, ia that
mother had it chance to raairy better.
If the linirs of n woman's head aie
also'numbeted, the hair census will
show a healthy morease this spring.
Business is Good
111 llll K YOU.
■
A few Reasons Why we are
Growing so Fast.
1. Shorthand taught by a success-
court reporter.
2. Touch Typing by an expert
operator.
3. Bookkeeping by practical ac-
countant.
4. Preparatory Ooaching by com-
pOaent teachers.
5. Business management free with
either course.
6. Moral as well as. busines train-
ing. '
7. Lectures by Berkeley's repre-
sentative business mini.
8. Berkeley an ideal location for
a large business college.
ouk record:
Every Graduate a Position
Berkeley
Business
College
Conceded to be
•'The Business University of
California,"
Z. P. SMITH, Prin.
2101 Shattack Aye.
The school you will eventually attend
Notice tor Publication — 01949
Department ot! tbe Interior.
U. S. Laud OUlue at tiucrnineuto, Cal.
April 12, I'JOU,
Notiuo is hereby givou that Willis
10. lioss ot Defender, Calif., who. on
Ueo 3, l!)0J, rnado 11. \i., No. 7C14.
tor KU of SWJ4, SK'4 of MWJ4 and
Lot a. Hectiou '2, TnwnshlD 7 JM.,
Mango X! £}.; Mount Dinblo Moridian,
nua lllod notice of intention to make
Unal tiro .yuniH proof, to cstnblisb
claim to tho laud above described,
betore U. B. Commissioner for Ama-
dor county, Calif., ut bis office ia
.InclcHun. Calif., on tbo 22ud ciuy
ot May I'JO'J.
Cluiinnut names us witnesses.
Arthur K. Jjetwley, Waltor It. Web-
ster, James Shafer uinl A. 11. A. llur-
bnuk, all ot Defender, Calif.
JOHN X AKMBI'RONU,
nplG , lieeistor.
02646
Notice of Selection
. Under Act of June 4, 1897.
(H0 Stuts., 30)
United Btatos Land UlUne nt Huortt-
muiitt), .Stiitii of California.
To Whom It May Concoru:
Noticre is hereby iiiveu that the
Kitnta l«'ti I'aoillo liailroad Company
has Hind in this otllos ita lieu selec-
tion under Act of June 1, 18!)7, (IK)
Ututß., li(i) tur tbe Nll'i ot Si;.i 4 ' iind
Lot I of 800. 3J, T. 5 N., U. 10 X,
M. U; M.
A copy ot thiu nut ico bus been cou-
splouously posted iv this oilloe for
tho iuspootion of persona interested
and the public generally.
During tue flvo weeks' poriod of
publication of this notice, or tmy
lime thereafter, and betore final ap-
proval aud aortltloHtlou, this ollice
will receive protests or contests ua
to any ot the tructa applied for, and
ti'HiiHinit same to the (ieueral Land
Office.
Datml, Snoruinonto, Culit., April
12, 1009.
JOHN K. ARMHTUONU,
KeitlHter.
WILL A. NIOWCUM,
lieoeiver.
l)ntu of first publication April 10,
1UO!».
5 L, M. CUTTING & CO. 5
• Entftbllnhotl IMH). ; . •
S ' Real Estate, Loans, and Insurance. •
0 Oldest Firm in the Valloy. Sneus If you desire to buy on sell real peopetty J
5 15 N. Hunter Street, ' Stockton, Cal. 2
♦♦♦♦••••♦♦♦^••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••a
HATIOHAL HOTELj ||
Jackson, Amador County, Cal. If
D. S. and H. M. MASON, - - - Prop's
Stage Offico for all points.
Fine Samplo Rooms for Commercial Travelers.
- Lighted by electricity throughout.
Tho best meals for 35c and 50 cents.
First-class service in every way.
jj San Joaquin Valley Building & Loan Association I
V* MAKES LOANS TO HOME BUILDERS It-
J REPAYABLE ON INSTALMENTS J
<fju Issues muuthlj' instalment and investment paid-up stocks, with yjU
. interest payable semi-annually, •
6 lIS Hunter Street, STOCKTON, Cal. %
DR. S. N. CROSS, Pres. A. M. NOBLE, Sec.
MANUFACTURERS ® M O^^ SAN FRANCISCO.
5 SHOE FACTS THAT HAVE PRODUCED SATISFACTION
Ist. Wo have served the needs of the 3rd. Our reputation was built up by
I'ncilio Coast tor GO yenrs. always bettering our product.
2nd. Our long experience has euabled 4th. Our poihry of making only tbe
us to weed out tbe "weak spots - best bas produced results eco-
of ninuiifiiotiiriuK. ■ nomically beueUoial tor ' our
. ' austomers.
sth. WE (JUAHANTKIiJ OUK SUOES ANIJ J HAT PKOTIiUTS YOU.
l-'or Summer wear be highly recommend our VKLVKi TAN IJUCKSKIN
ULUUHKK with Mercury Kik Holes, a shoe that is soft and so strong tbat
there ie praotiaily no wear out to it.
FREE TRIP
TO THE COALINGA OIL FIELDS
The greatst money-making oil tields in thia country are those located
nt Coalioga, Kiuano county, Stupendous fortunes have beeu made tbfre
from modest investments iv the past few years. Only tho surface of tbe
possibilties there has been soratched. Now ia tho time to really mnke
money tlioro for tho bif? boom is just starting. Wo want ouo or two persons
from each locality to come to Coalinga AT OUK KXI'KNSK to see just what
a modest iuvestmeut can be niadn tn do there. We aro on the ground - and
kuow the beet opportunities, aud wo sny without resorvation tbat just now
tbe stook of the Now York Conliuga Oil Co., bought nt the present low price
of 2")u per share will sbbw bigger profits and groutnr earning power than any
other mvestaient possible. ■'
To absolutely satisfy you that California Oil is tho grenrost tnonoyuink-
ing industry of the world, to thoroughly nnd unconditionally satisfy yon
that no investment cuu legitimately give you quioker and greater returns
than good oil stock, to absolutely satisfy you iih to (he valuo of the New
York Cioulinga Oil Co,, and that in this stook at. 23 oents per share you have
tbe greatest mouey-muUiug opportunity of your life, we want you to iioino
to Coiiluißn AI OUli J'JXI'UNSrJ aud Jet us take you nil over this wonderful
oil Held and our property. Thore ure no strings tied to this olfer. Yon
need buy no stock unless you waut to buy it worse than we want to rbII it to
you. •
Writo ua todny aud we will urrnugo you trip lor you, and remember this
v ill not cojt you oue cent. You are our guests.
Now don't treat this invitation skeptically. It ia sincerely extended to
you nml you ennuot afford to pass it by.
Homo SlfjU.OO iuvestmentß havo grown to 810,000.00 iv two yeais. Thore
are many more such opportunities. Do you want to enjoy tbeui? Come aud
see, and at our expense.
BURR BROTHERS, Financial Agents
Sullivan Hotel Block. COALINGA. CAL.
up. 30 It
Notice to Creditors.
Estato of Agostino lliasotti, de-
ceased.
Notice ia hereby given by the un-
dersigned, administrator ot tho estate
of Agostiuo IJiusotti, deouaeed. to
the creditors ot aud all persona hav-
ing claims agaiiiHl tbe entd deceased,
to (inhibit them, with the necessary
vouchers, within tour mouths after
the that iMiblloutiou of thia notice to
tbe said admiulHtiator, .at the law
ollice ot Wm. 11, Hnyder, at Jackson;
Ainudor couuty, Calif, tbe huid'i be-
ing the place tor the trunauotlon of
tbe business of said estate, in said
Amador couuty.
Uated, April 13. I'JO'J.
11. K. i'Oli'KU,
Administrator of tbo estate of aaid
deceased.'
Wm. (J. Hoyder, attorney for ad-
ministrator.
I 1I 1 OK SALK— Uood nine room house,
Keren uorea ot laud, tmru, shops,
wood houso, oDfctlue tiouse, eta.—
Olutit. lutiiiirii at Ledger oltlce.
Bears the '>g Ilw Kind You Have Always Boifgttt
«f L^fyffi&.ZuZ'Ai
Your Chance Now.
We want to kcop busy during tbe
dull season.
Today we otfor our great burgaina
to accomplish tbia.
Four liuudrod new etyles to select
from.
Kvery garoieut rocoivea personal
attnution here.
Kit and workmanship guaranteed.
UKO. KAViMONt).
Xhe London I'uiior.
Absolutely the lightest-running lock
stitch Sewing Machino
®3k The SINGER
Sixty- Six."
Tho latest result of fifty years' ex-
perience in making Sowing machines
for family use.
Machines sold on easy terms.
A. W. STONE, Agent
aiutfS JACKSON, CAL.