OLDEST PAPER
LARGEST CIRCULATION
It Payith* Botlnttl M«n to Adver
ti • in til* Ledger. ,
Established October 27, 1855.
I LAWYERS.
■ ~
«TIK. «. SNYOKIt,
At t.«»rriny-»M.«w« ■
JACKSOX, OAL,
omen id Marella Building, Court street.
Will praotloa In all the oourtsof the itale. to
■ , DOCTORS.
TJI IS. KNDICOTT, M. D.
Vhjmlcinn »nrt Bargeoß
jaoksou, Cal. j
•offloes Webb building. All call« promptly
attended to at alltlmesi . /
|-vlt. FKISD K. BPKAGCK
l'hy«lcl»»n »nd Surgeon
JACKSON, CAL..
•OPFICB-Next door to residence, north Main
street; opposite California hotel.
..^ Telephone Main 82
Br! a. m. oau.
Physician and Kurgeoa
JACKSOSf. CAL
Offloe In Marella building. Mam Street.
P 8.«OOD»IA> M 1)
I'liyHlclii" and Surgoon
. ' SUTTES CUEEK, CAL..
'|~\W. I* o# LYNCH
Physician and Surtteon •
„, , Office, Main 28
Residence, Main 27
Amador City. Cai.
T> V. WALKEII, M. U.
Practice limited to diseases ot
EYE, EAR, NOSE and THROAT
Offlce-ELK'S BUILDING.
f STOCKTON, «&L. i W 1
DENTISTS.
T\H. .IOUX A.DELDCOHI
. ' .DENTIST
' SUTTER CREEK,' CAL: ■ ':
Oiticb nouns:— From 9 "a.m.'to 5 p. m
TXK A. W. BUTUKHLAND
i DENTIST
JACKSON, CAL.
Telephone Black Hi Hours 9 - ft
-piCHARD WKIIB
United States Commissioner
JACKSON CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other <"}•>««;
taking of Bnal proofs and all other Land
Business. •
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
J. H. LANGHORST
Mala Street. Jaoksoa
. Doaler In —
MRICAN WATCHES. CLOCKS ffltlfl*
AND SILVERWADE
«« All goods warranted as represented
Repairing ot watches, Oloolcs and Jewo'ry
speolnltv.
MM»HCe««O»O9tIO««M*tM
« KJO TO THE <•
lin HSf i
• When You ■R1?1?A1) •
:L 1 PORTO X CO. PilS. §
• We also lieop a large stock of 3t»me •
• and I uncy
f &ROCErvIES •
S Oar Specialty— Fresli'Breail every day m
• except Bundoy ■ *
CASTOR I A
For Infanta and Children.
the Kind You Have Always Bought
" Bears the /H? vV^'y^r*
filgaatuve of \-/uif7%J&tcJU4£
Amador Ledger.
JACKSON. AMADOU COUNTY. CALI^OJiKIA. 1 5 UI1>AY. AUGUST LSY, 1909.
After Hutchinson of the
Western Federation
llutchlniou, tbe executive board
member of the Western FedeiHtion,
who took charge of the late strike of
Illinois in Arnador county over tbe
interpretation of tbe eight hour law,
la gettling a (ill of adverse orltiolsm
from his fellow membern ot tbe
federation. Martin Wallace, ex
presldent of the .state minors' union
-nlWlatud with tbe Western Fede
ration—published a long untnmuni
cation hi tbo Grans Valley Tnm
aorlpt, denouncing LJutcblnsoo as a
falsifier, a breeder of dissension,
mid for incouipotencv in the manage
ment of tbe strike In this county.
There is no question that Uutchinsou
stirred up a lot of ill-feeling In this
vicinity, not only by Ina condnot
while there, but also by his corres
pondence published in tbe organ of
tbe Western Federation in relation to
the sttiko, and the cause of its
failure. He abused all who did not
tako an active part, as scabs, etc Tbe
visit ot tbe present president of tbe
state union, W. J. Martin, to this
socti?u is believed to bo largely in
tbe effort to obliterate tbe effect of
tbe ill-advised tactics adopted by
Hutohinaon, and to restore harmony
and good feeilng in union ranks.
Martiu Wallace has this to say about
Hutchlnsun: -
"This is not tbe first time be,
Hutchinson, has tried to disturb tbe
state union of California, lie bas
tried to poison the miuds- of tbe
membership of tbe state union once
before iv this State to the effect tbat
tbe state union would repudiate tbe
Western Federation in '• California
and undertake to withdraw, but 1 am
glad to state bo did not succeed in
bis dirty work for tbe election returns
of, the state union can show how tbe
membership stands with tbo state
union, aa tbe principal officers were
returned to otliae again by an over
whelming majority. ' Furthermore,' 1
am in reoeipt ot a letter from Jack
sou, Amador county, where liutcbin
son went to tako charge of tbe late
strike, asking me 'not to send such
men as Uutcbiuuon to help them put,
as such men do more barm than
good to tho causa of tbe W. F. ■ fijl,
and 1 am ot tbe opinion, as well aa
the large majority of the member
ship ot Jaokson. tbat if Uutcliiusou
had stayed away from .Jackson during
the lato strike and let tbo state union
handle affairs, tbe strike would bave
ended in favor of tbe miners, lie also
states that the Cousin .lacks, or
Cornisbmen, aud tbe Native Sons
were tbe cause of tbe strike being
lost. Ibis charge X think will b«
answered later by the parties charged.
Not having been at Jackson dnrini]
tbe strike 1 am not in a position to
judge, but 1 will say that 1 am not
a Native Hon nor ypfc. a Cornisbraan,
but if i were a Cousin Jack or Native
Sou 1 would be proud of it.and 1 can
give proofs tbat there are better
union men in both parties than ever
llutchinaou know How to be. And
why they are better men is easily
answered— henause they don't go
arnund sowing tbe seed of dissension
aud decrying everything tbat has or
ia being done by tbe ofticers of tbe
W. F. fll. that he, tlutchinsou, has
uot done tbe lion's share of it. What
right have you, llutcbiuson, to bring
in nationality? A man can not help
bis nativity and a man that will bring
up such things iv our ranks has no
right ou the Executive Hoard of tbe
W. F. M., aud the sooner be Is re
quested to stnp down aud out the
better, it will be for tbe ranks of
organized liifior. A man that mis
represents, abuses ami tslauders will
degrade himself for personal ambition
at, nuy time and lam of tho opinion
Hutcbiußou is of such a class. No
ouo knows better .than ilutcbineon
himself that bu lutantionullv falsified
when he mado the ECotemeiits tbat be
did on tho door of the convention
aud he was simply ualug his ottliiial
position to distort tbe facts about tbe
eight-bout law for tn triers in Cali
fornia. Thorn ia uo one In the
Woßteru Federutluu more willing or
ready to deniuud au oight hour law
t tin t would reach from collar to
collar, including meul hours than
the olllciM-s of the California Stuto
Union it tbe time was ripe to do so,
and in my opinion tin time will
never bo ripe to muke uiidh a demand
au long its tbo conditions remalu as
they nvo at present iv California,
with not unn-lmif of tho rnlnets, mill
und smoltermeii orgitulzed, aud wero
such conditions left to such a tmiu as
Hutobinwou, who is Inebrlutod iv
tbe exuberance of his owu verbosity,
Upd help tbe chanoeti of buttering
sa lu conditions iv California."
An Old Resident
Answers The Last Call.
Klnhard W. Ketobnm, well known
throughout Amador county, having
lived In tbe vicinity of I'iyniontli,
also in Jackson, for a number of
years, passed nwny on Monday after
noon at hla home In Woodbridge,
San Joaquln county. It oppearo that
he Bubmltled to o surgical operation
about two weeks ago in the hope -of
prolonging his days. At bis advanc
ed nge— B4 years— tbe shock was, too
much for bla aystera. and is thought
to have hastened the en.l. Deceased
and wife, up to about two yners ago,
occupied n turiii on the outside, of
Jnolcaon, adjoining tbe liright Held.
After disposing of tbia plnoo, he
moved to the vicinity of Woodhrldge,
and later into tbe village itself.
He was a pioneer settler 'in the
Woodbrldge section.' He leaves a
widow to mourn bis departure.
Deaeaaed was a man of lofty ideala
and noble character, respected and
esteemed by all wbo know him. The
funeral waa ■ held at Woodbridge
Wednesday afternoon, lutm-meut in
the village cemetery.
Died of Typhoid Fever.
Word nas received here Sunday
that Amiel Khlar. a vouug man who
Bpent many years in Amador county,
died that day at Silver City, Nevada,
lie was a victim of typhoid fever, 110
was working at a nnno in tbat camp
when . stricken with the mortal
malady, which speedily led to a fatal
termination. Deoeased was a brother
of Mr 3 Wm. Dougherty. . lie was a
rtenber of Grant Puss lodge, Fraternal
Order or Eagles, which Organization
took charge of the funeral cero
monies. aa tbe body was brought here
for burial by the side of a brother
wbo died about a year ago. The
funeral was held Wednesday, in
terment in tbe city cemetery. De
ceased was a young man. only just
passed the threshold of manhood,
and bis untimely end ia deeply re
gretted by a large oircle of acquaint
ances in Jackson and other pints, of
tbe county.,- ■ ;.'. '
'•..■' . .-'■'.-.;■.'■•'•■>■>.■> i, ■ ■)•■> \
He leaves a father, wbo lives, lv
Acanipo, San Jnuquiu county;' and
five half-sisters. A full brother was
killed in tbe same mine tbat deceased
was workiug in about a year ago lie
bad been at work but a few hours,
wben a rock fell, and killed him.
Stop earacbn in two minutes;
toothache or pain oi burn or scald in
live minutes; hoarseness, one bour;
muscleacbe, two hours; core throat,
twelve hours— Dr. Thomas Eclectric
Oil. monarch over pain.
A Reliable School.
Atkinson's Sacramento' business
College founded 187: i, after an oc
cupiinoy s-" two stories of the City
Library for fifteen years and tbe up
per story of Halo's Mock for twenty
two years, is now permanently
located in its new home at Thirtenth
and ,1. Streets. It bas the bosL ap
pointed Commercial School Apart
ments to be found iv tbe State, es
pecially designed aud completed for
its own use. > its rooms and otlices
are spacious and commodious, with
abuudnuce ot light and ventilation.
Classy Photo.
It takes lluo workmanship,' ex
perience aud the best ot apparatus
to turn out n "Classy Photograph"
iv thefle days of .'streuuous com
petition. Of course wheu you have
your picture takeu you waut tbo very
be°t, especially when tbe ho.st coats
uo more than work ot inferior
quality. LOGAN, tbe premier photo-
I'Hlili'jr of Stockton, is fully prepared
to give you this better class of
Photo'?. Visit his studio at 15 S.
San Joaquiu St., Stockton, nheu
you are iv town.
To Subscribers.
Our subscriber niuwt bear with Us
tor v week or two in faiiiug to change
tbe (into on their wrnpperH or papets
to coriespond with recent payments
mi Kiitisi'i Iption ui'oount. Tbo result
of the voting contest baa added
bundroda of Dames to our liat. of
subscribers. (Jhl Biibsciiburo who
buvo made payment will be published
in roll of honor aa Boon us possible.
We ami not do tbia with new sub
scriber^, us they ure too numerous,
mid the list would occupy too' much
upturn. Uesidea, it is utiuucebtjary,
as cacti paper is stamped with the
date up to which the new subscriber
bag paid. / With old Biil<aoribers the
duto will lm ourreuted in due time.
I'ioneer flour is the best; ttuvo uo
other.
Arrested For Assault.
L«at Tuesday nn Austrian mimed
Übinn HnvJoh wa* arrested by sheriff
Uregory at hla home on Chrnob
street, near tbe Catholic oometory,
od b charge' of criminal hhhuiill upon
a seven year old girt named Sophia
Cnpnr. tbe assault la Rlleged to bave
occur ml on Bunday. Tbe child was
Dot injured In any way, and tbe
Cill'ense appeato to have been more of
the lodeoenoy than anything else.
'1 lm relatives of the child became
aware of tbe faota by a casual re
murk of the girl to tbo assailant.
Tbe otfenae waa committed in tlm
cellar of the residence. Snvicb, when
lauded in jail, made a full oonfession
of tbe atfatr, Bpnnkiog of it id a
manner tbat conveyed tbe idea tbat
he regarded it as a trifling matter.
llin aooused in 45 years ot age, and
has beeu a resident ot the city for
many years, workiug in tbe mines
for a long time. It seems tbat Havicb
owns or lives adjoining tbe bouee
occupied by Capor, and also owns
the Capor house, renting tbe same
to them with the reservation tbat he
should use the rear of the lot, culti
vating tdbaoco thereou. Under tbia
arrangement he had tbe right tv outer
tbo lot In tbe pureuit ot hia business
at auy time.
Bazaar.
The ladiea aid of tbe Methodist
Episcopal church desiro to tbaak the
public for their gifts, to and patro
nage of tbo supper and bazaar.
J'be supper and bazaar were a^ sue
cubs. Tbe amount cleared atL'er all
exponses'were paid was a little ovor
8100. A great many useful aud fanoy
articles were left over, and will tie
sold at greatly reduced prices. Auy/
one desiring to purchase any of them
can do so at tho home of Mrs (J. W,
Drown.
Chronic Diarrhoea - llelieved.
Mr Edward E. Henry, with tbe
United States Express Coy.« Cbicsgo
Superintendent. Mr Quick, banded
me a bottle of Chamberlain's Colic.
Cholera and Diarrhoea Kemedy some
time ago to chock an attack on tbe
old chronic diarrhoea,' 1 bave used
it einoe that time and cured many ou
our trains who have been sink. 1 am
an old soldier who nerved with
Kutberturd ti. Hayes and William
MoKinley four years iv the S!3d. Ohio
Kegimont, and have no ailment ex
cepc ohronic diarhoea, ' which this
remedy stops at ouoe.' 1 For sale by
Jackson ' Drug Store, tipajznoil Prop.
The Auto Business
The auto stage line from Jackson
to Stockton baa failed to resume its
dally. trips. A number of reasons are
circulated to account for tbia con
tinuud suspension.' Some ot them
are no doubt far-fetched and ground
less.. On luiißoti eaj'H tbat ' the oom
paoy ia waiting for protectors for tbe
tirea, as the rough roads aro too
muob for tbe ordinary tites. Another
reason says tbat tbe company tnat
Bold tbe autos on the installment
plan object to tbe staging busiue^s,
bh involving too much wear on tbe
machines. Another explanation is
vouchsafed that it begins to dawn on
tbe mnuagers of the garago that there
is no profit in n stiign line of that
kind over mountain rouds. Anyway
tbe stag" line still sleepeth. Tbo
promoters are endeavoring to sell the
capital etock ot the company, with
what succoss we do not know. The
directors uuvu held several meetings,
but are closa-rnouthed aa to the out
come Evidently matters are not
moving along as smoothly us could ho
desired. Still them is some business
doing. Kven without dabbling In
daily etage linos, t>'ero is room tor a
small garuge. properly handled. Ou
Sunday tin iauprovized eiirue tit baso
ball was played at Zuilanark, Jucksou
vs. .lackbou. The aui.iis were iv big
iloniand diiriyiui; pasieugera to und
from tbe Rrounda. •
Tom l ( 'ull6ii, of the Angela quuitz
mine, took a spin over to Amudor
county tbe otbor diiy in hia unto,
lie reports n "peuob" of a trip. i'Ue
fellow who pushed the wheelbarrow
aoroas the ooutiueut a tew yours ago,
didu't'bnre halt tbe dilllciully tbat
Tora* experienced on bh trip from
Angels Camp to Jaokaou, Ttie auto
didn't turu turtle, but it weut
thruuKti all the ouutoitious known
to v refiaciory automobile ou v
uiountain road. Tom luatle the trip,
nnd ia bere sate and Bound and will
relate tbe iucidout, It modestly up
prouobed upou tbe mbjeot.— Augels
Keoord.
Children Cry
FOR FLETCHER'S
C ASTORIA
SELLING OUT
% '' AT ©©ill 1
■ .
We are going put of business
and shall offer our entire stock at
cost prices, beginning MONDAY,
AUGUST 23.
ffIARELIA & BOGISICH.
Broadway Grocery Store
MINING NOTES.
liutte Hasin (Jravel.— A private
company has been organized to oper
ate this gravel claim located at liutte
basin, two miles southeast of Jack
sou. They bave bonded or leased
the pioperty, and are making arrange
ments to proceed with development
pork immediately. It is reported
that a '25-horse power engine bas been
bought, and will be brought from
"Valley Springs, with other equipment
necessary to sink to the auriferous
bed tbat is believed to exist in this
basin. Harry Johnson, an expert
mechanic of 'Juklaud, who is also in
terested In tbe mining venture, will
take charge of putting up tbe ma
chinery. The company expect to
have UO men employed in developing
tbe mine in a few days. W. E.
Stewart, who bas lived in tbe vicinity
oi the claim for many years has In
terested tbe parties to take hold.
Several efforts bave been made to get
to tbe gravel bed of this basin. ' Tbo
main trouble berelofoie has been tbe
superabundance of water encountered.
A tunnol was driven years ago to
drain tbo water. i'bia is reported to
bave reached a point where it will
effectually drain tbe miue. Accord
ing to reports, tbe gold-hearing
channel is said to be 800 feet long,
10 feet wide, and about eight feet
feet deep. The prospect of striking a
bonanza is well worth another etlort
to tap tbia basin.
Kennedy— Sinking operations have
be<)n completed for tbe present. Tbe
hhaft has been sunk to a depth of 3105
fnot, including sump 105 feet. Tbe
work of cutting a station ut tbe ISIiOU
foot level has been commenced, pre
paratory to opening up a now level at
that point.
Argonaut.— At tbe lilfiO level the
tank aud ore sbuto have lieeti com
pleted, and croßSCutting lias been
Btarted at tbut level. The miue is
looking all right, a big surplus hat)
accumulated in tbe treasure, aud tbe
stockholders are confidently looking
for tho resumption of dividends at an
early date. Superintendent Haiustnrd
is expected to leturu early lv Octo
ber, lie has been away in tbo
Eastern states for tbe purpose of re
establishing his health utter a severe
attack of tpyboid fever, and we are
pleased to state tbat .repoitß have
reaohed hero tn the elfect be baa
fully recovered.
Searched With a Hot Iron,
or scaled by overturned kettle— cut
with r Iciiife— lu'iiisod by sdimnjuii
door— iujurod by gnu or in any utber
wiiy — tlm thiriK uoedud at ouoe is
liiKikliin'H Artilcti Nttlve to subdue in
lliiuiiniition aud kill tbo puin. It's
earth's supruaie tiealer, Int'nlliblo for
lioils. Uluoi'B, Kevor Sorea, Kczhiiiu
mid Piles. Price 230, at jHuksou
Dnif! Storu. iSpaguoli Prop.
Unclaimed Letters.
J. W, Donaldson, A, KiiHiiunv it-li.
Milui M.tKiid, Krauk Kooubolli, ,lolin
l'uppo, Airs i'liirtiiuui Willsmi.
» Phears' Express.
King up Sum I'lumr for prompt de
livery ot trunks, bagßuye aud express
packages. Hates reasonable. Leavo
orders with I. X CanaiiielM, pbone
Main :i5; mid Express ntilce, Malu Si 2
reaideuoe Muck M7 l.
J!y puyiuß «ll arrears aud $'l in ad
vhiu'c, subscribers van net Ledger
und dully Hau l<'raDci6co Uulletlu tar
ouo year.
You c-frVi^fit your jniliheads, |
r l^e".fir IJeadsr,£te.y printed at
tji)i I»dffPl r^fc«O** < » than - you
cuiT'TT^rWanJf'^'ock for else
wKeito •'■♦■' *
TRY IT. ,
Pivo Cents Per Copy.
Hotel JArrivals
National: Thursday — Uoo 1 Hose,
Oakland; L C Coffer, Angels; C X
Titus, Smita Ana.
Friday— X W Steckel, I'osteria; T
X Morris, X Edwards, Miss X Mason,
Sari Kraiieisao; (J U Salz^eber,
Hryon; L T Eatou, lone; J E Cbeet,
Sau Andrens.
Katurday — Frank H Davis, O O
liydeufeldt, A Z Cohen, Sac 1/rau
cisco; J'j D Uoydatou, Volcano.
Sunday— A J iilodgett, Kmmett
ticully, J Clittou, Mrs Mnncy, Mis P
Jobnsou, luuu.
Monday— W J..on, J S Echwald, «J
A . Fisher, San Francisco; VV M
Farmer, Oakland; Mr and Mrs C A
Winsbip, Lo^Angelea; 11 S Wright,
Pasadena.
Wednesday— X W iStekel; Lambert
Coblentz, Ed Lawerjberg, San Fran
cisco; W J Shirley, Stockton.
Globe: 'J buraday— Misa Metiivicb,
Hiram Oiricb. Ansels Camp: J V
Williams, Sacrameoto; Miss Clora
YenNen,Ueorgetovva; B I Kutten, Al
pine county. ■
Friday— iVtrs M O Kedenbaugb, De
fender; C C Setfa, ytocktou; Jabez H
Ninuis. Plymouth; Jas M lirirJe, B F
Cotfmun, Sacramento; Alfred Saluu,
Campo b'eoo; Jobu Frates, l(lrunkliu,l (I runkliu,
Saturday— \V 1J Pemberton, Vol
cano; C Keed, San Diego; 1 C
Churchman,' lone; Chas Don, Ne
vada; A A Woolfork, X C Crookston,
E'ectra; Andrew Jobnsou, lorn Sim
mons, Sau Francisco; J Johnson,
Sacramento.
Sunday— Jobu Lock, Lockeford; 11
(i Perry, San Franciso; Mrs J M
Uothie, Vallejo; JMra li C Uecknell,
Sacramento.
Monday— J C Harding, Lodi; Wm
Smith, .liimcHtnwu ; Il'AI I ' A Werly, De
fender; Max Krugoll, Fruitrale.
'luesdav— Wm X E Westfali; Joe
IJusb, liiishtuwu, Nee; Thomas W
Cllimoh. Honolulu; Wm Mai tell,
Hntter Creek.
Wednesday- 1 M Mills, J P Hities,
Sacraniento; (J Heaves, Amador; Mica
Kate Driscoll, Lodi; Mrs Thompson,
Miss (Jiles. Hyler. F
Hlakeley, Pine Grove; D Grillo, W
Cnsgrove, Volcano.
'Twas a Glorious Victory.
Thero'B rejoiniuK in Fedora, Teuu.
A until 'h ilfe had been eared, aud
now Dr. King's New Discovery is tbe
talk of Hid town for curing C. V.
Pepper ot deadily lung hemorrhages.
"1 oonlrl not work uor get about,
be writes, "and tbe doctors did me
no not). l, hut, after ÜBiug Dr. Kings
New Discovery three weeks. 1 feel
like a new man, and cau do good
work aijaiu." For weak, sore •oi
dißeagod lungs, Coughs aud Colds,
llemotrbageH. Hay Fuvor, LaGripiie,
Asthma or auy Hrouchiml altectiou
it htaiulH unrivaled. I'iii-u ullu and
61(10. Trlul bottle free. Sold mid
gtiHianteed by Jackson Druu Store,
Spauguli Prop.
Caution to Water Consumers.
To stop tbe vvastuue of wuter dur
ing tbe uiKht, all ouptouiera uro here
by prohibited from übU>r mater for
Mprmkliuii {if irriKHtiiiK after 8
o'oluuk p. ni. I'lM'ridiiH found allow
ing water to ruu alter tlmt bour will
b9 iiiiblo to bnvelhe supply cut «« tt
for all pin iKibuc. Aud a ehniße will
be inude lv order to huvii tliu domea
tio supply turned on aualu. 1 am
iiimipellL'd to adopt tbia rule, be
cause tbe wn.-tuuo lutely bus teen so
great, tbat it liuh boeu Impossible to
Jutdp tbo tiiMliH full ut uigbt tor pro
teotiou B Rtt iu«t lire.
Mrs 0. Kioutmyer, I'ropritj'resa.
Jacksou, August iWi V-HM.' AMADDR LEDGER
t ' Published every Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WE88...... .Editor and Proprietor
. subscript'^ pates,
. Onajftar (In ailvanco MXO
One jear (If not in ulrance) - * •*
Six months • °°
Thrno month* «.-t ~ <•- ° *°
One or more ooplea, e»ch ° *
Legal adTertliiing— per square of KM em*— Klrst Insertion »'OO
Subsequent Insertions— per sauare-eaoh •• • • M
RtrcaniD at Tub rosTorricn at jaokson as s«coKpA3i.ASg _ >i.^"'l??L^^wu-ji .^"'l??L^^wu-j-
TUfC D A DCD i« kept on tile at E. O. DAKE'S Advertising Agenoy, T79 Market gtreot
llilO rArCK Ban Francisco, California, where contracts for advertising can be mado
for It
FRIDAY .....! AUGUST 27, 1009
THE PRIMARY ELECTION LAW.
The primary election in San Francisco last week was
awaited with much interest throughout the state, not
merely because of the outcome of tho nominations for city
offices in San Francisco, but also on account of its being
the flrst.practical tost of tho primary election law passed by
the last legislature, according to the provisions of which
all future party nominations in California, whether for
state, county or municipal officers, must be held. It seems
to have worked satisfactory. Less than 50 per cent of the
total vote was polled. That is a -very fair percentages
much larger than has heretofore been the rule under the
old system.
Ono objection to the new law is the additional expense
it must necessarily entail both upon the candidates for
office, and the public treasuries. Under this law a candi
date, in a contest within his own party will have to make
two canvasses— one before nomination, and if successful in
receiving the party indorsement, another canvass to secure
his election/ This is a serious handicap, inasmuch ris
the cost of getting elected to office has always been far too
great, leading to increased, salaries of officials, and a con
sequent additional tax; upon the people for the support of
this extravagance, Primary ballots— and they are formid
able documents, the one used' in San Francisco being a
blanket sheet between two and three feet square— must be
printed and circulated at the expense of the, public, and the
election must be conducted in every respect the same, as
a general election. So that the cost under this 1 plan will
be almost? as heavy at a primary election as at a general
eiection. It is this aspect of the law that presents the
most objectionable feature, coupled with the prevailing
idea that no particular reform in. politics" is likely to be
effected by the system. It is premative at present to, pass
upon the meriis or .demerits of the primary' law. It
must- be practically tested in Amador county before , its
good or bad qualities can be fairly appreciated. ;
THE GOOD ROADS MOVEMENT.
There is not a county in California that'is not interested
more or less in the subject of good roads. In some couuties
it takes the form of a move for the issuance of long term
bonds to provide funds to construct macadamized roads. In
our sister county of Calaveras the good roads committee— for
thty have organized for the express purpose of accomplishing
something in this direction— have sent out a number of postal
cards to ascertain the sentiment of the people ou certain
points. -The questions on which aAswers were" requested are
as foilows:
ist. Are you in favor of good roads?
2d. Would you be in favor of helping us get them? .
3d. What is the general feeling in your locality?
4th. Are you satisfied with the- present system of road
construction in your county? . '
The only vital point is contained iv the last question. .It
strikes at the root of tbe whole matter." The answers returned
to this query should suggest the practical course for the im
provement of public highways, not merely in Calaveras
county, but throughout the state. To this question 95 per
cent of the answers were against the present system, and
only three per, cent in favor. This percentageis doubtless a
fair test of the sentiment of the people throughout California,
'and it is safe to assert that the three per cent of those in favor
of continuing the present ruinous system came from those
who are .individually beuefitted by N its continuance. It
appears to us an insult to one's intelligence to ask a man i{
he is in favor of good]roads. It is about on a par with asking
whether he is in favor of good health, or good times. No one
in his right mind wquW dream of answering in the negative.
But when it comes to the question of how to go about to
secure better roads, the replies will show a wide divergence of
opinion. At auy rate the replies from citizens'in Calaveras
county indicate the prevailing seutiinent that the improve
ment must be directed first towards amending the road law,
by taking the road maintenance and oversight out of the
hands of the supervisors. The existing system is a lament-
able failure, a criminal waste of public money. Good roads
will remain unknown until a more rational method of road
maintance and oversight is adopted. The more money is
dumped into the ditches and chuck holes termed county
roads, the more money will be squandered. We do uot L be
lieve taxpayers can be cajoled into voting road bonds as long
as management of highways remains as at present. As far
as Amador county is concerned, our roads have deteriorated
in many places, in spite of the vast amouut raised every year
for their maintenance. ,
Tho Kind You Havo Always Bought, and which has been
in use for over 30 yean, has homo tho signature of
j* — and has been mado under his per-
/]? **{£¥#•+*#- Bonal supervision sinco its infancy.
<*Aaf7%/<&ccA4M \ Allow no ono to deceive you in this.
All Counterfeits, imitations and" Just-as-ff©od»»aro but
Experiments that trifle with and endanger tho health of
Infants and Children— Experience against Experiment.
What Is CASTORIA
Castorla is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other' Karcotio
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
und allays Fovcrishness. . It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
Tho Children's Panacea— Tho Mother's Friend. )
GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS
yy Bears the Signatme of
The Kind Yo'u'HaYe Always Bought
In Use For Over 30 Years.
j^ ...■ ; > ■ TUB •CHTJtUII eOMMNV, TT «U««« «TM«T, H IW YORK OIT».
| Prepare Now for Your Eastern Trip J
Over the I
SUNSET ROUTE
■ .■■'"■■■"•■:'■■'■■■ i . .■■;■; % ■' : ■
. Low Riates f or Round-Trip Tickets
August 9 to 13 inc.
September 7to 10, 13 to 15 inc.
■ • ■■ vM .
■ ■■■.■ . ■■ - :-.';'■■ ■- -■■■ : ; .- • - ■ -- .
New York - • ' ,- -. $108.50
Washington . - -- ' - - . 107.50
Boston ' - - - ' - - 110.50
NewOrJeafie - - " - ■. • " 67.50
Chicago • • - .. ■ :•■■ - '. - -• 72.50
■■■■•-
Many more rates on application. Choice of routes,
Stopovers and long time limits.
Ask about pur personally * conducted excursion
parties leaving for New Orleans, Chicago, St. Louis,
Cincinnati and Washington, D. C-
* •- '
'• HIGH CLASS EQUIPMENT— OIL BURNING
LOCOMOTIVES— DINING— OBSERVATION-T-AND
SLEEPING CAR SERVICE.
* -•
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
1 6IIN0CCHI0 BRO'S.|
Ttv DEALbntt IN ,j3p
1 General Merchandise I
ra» Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoes, \m
M &** Boots, Paints, - Oils, Varnishes, Mining P
H )\ , Supplies, Lumber, Hardware.' Hay, m
Grain, etc., etc.
H Corner Main and Water St. V M
M JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA I
How He Found
Sleep.
SALLIE MENDEEM
[Copyright, 1909, by Amcrjcan Pres« Asso
ciation.]
The wny 1 got out of the burglar lino
was this: I hnd mighty good nerve nnd
wasn't nfrald of nny one. I deemed to
know what kind of a crib lo crack nnd
how to do it without waking anybody
up and getting awny between midnight
and dawn, when the cops nre most
drowsy. While 1 was doing n job 1
thought of nothirig' except tny work
and wns both cool and watchful. I
wasn't one of those blokes who scare
people to death or who arc ready If
necessary to add murder to robbery.
The truth 13 I never liked the prospect
of facing either charge.
As I was saying, while engaged at
my work, however dangerous, I was
steady' as a monument, but wben dan
ger hnd passed and I had nothing to do
but think 1 went downhill very fast.
What bothered me most was that 1
couldn't sleep nlghts-that Is. when
comfortably stowed away In bed. I
once took a nap in a gentleman's par
lor and was only wakened by the sun
coming up and shining in my eyes. I
Just got out in time to save myself.
But when lying on a soft mattress,
with* warm covers and no chance of
being disturbed, sleep wouldn't come
to mo. I lay awake thinking of the
time wben I would hear prison doors
clang behind me. The thought was
dreadful. I'm afraid I was too fine
grained for the business.
Month after month my hours pi
sleep -*rcw loss till I feared insanity.
One night I woke up nt midnight after
bavins slept two hours and Unow there
would be no more slumber for me till'
the next time I went to bed. I was so 1
desperate that T got up with the In
tention *of going Into some house where
I hnd no right and there snatch an
other couple- of hours' sleep. I had a
crib In view, a small house with not
much in It. But I was looking for
sleep! not plunder. 1 went there, took
out a pane of glass, entered and went
upstairs to find a place to settle down.
I stood -in n dark hall looking "Into a
room where rt night lamp was burning.
In the room a woman was In bed with
a child, both asleep. The child was
sleeping on the front of the bed. very
near the edge. He was a. boy and. I
think, about lire years old.
On a narrow lower bed, close beside
the other, slept another child, a girl of
about three. She was sleeping in the
center of her bed on her side and had
her chubby fist up against her fat
cheek. It was hot summer weather,
and none of them except the woman
had any covers whatever.
What interested me was that the
boy's head was hanging over the side
of his bed and so much of his body,
too, that it looked to me as If he was
about to fall. He was restless, and I
knew be would be over <very soon.
Somehow I wanted to see him fall,
though I kept in the dark so that he
wouldn't see me if ho woke up. The
nest kick he made sent him over. lie
fell a couple of feet, but didn't wake
up. He landed partly-ou the little girl,
but she didn't wake up either. I ex
pected she would, as she moaned once
or twice in her sleep and turned over,
but finally she slept as peacefully as
before. "
It was such a delightful picture to
one suffering from insomnia that I
kept on watching the children. The
boy continued his kicking and crowded
the girl, pushing her with every move
to the front edge of her bed. It must
have been half an hour that he kept
this up, when there was n thump, and
the girl lay on the floor. But she
seenjed to be as comfortable there as
on her bed. At any rate, she showed
not the least sign of waking.
Meanwhile I heard the muttering of
distant thunder, and while I was look
ing at them all there came one terrific
crash loud enough to wake the dead.
The mother turned over, but neither
of the children moved. Then followed
one crash after another, and I expect
ed that at least the mother would
wake up. and take a look at her chil
dren. But she slept on. She must have
boon very tired or had lost a lot of
sleep or she couldn't have slept
through those terrible bolts. Never
had I heard such thunder before.
The only effect the storm had on any
of them was to increase the restless
ness of the boy. He rolled and tum
bled In his sleep like a ship tossed by
the waves, sometimes lying for a few
minutes close against his mother's bed.
then rolling owr to the outer edge of
his own. I was sure he'd in time tum
ble out of this bed, as he had out of
the other, nnd I was bound to see him
do It. Sure enough, before I expected
It he gave v lurch and landed plumb
on top of his sister.
Neither of them awoke.
I reckon women know in their sleep
what's solnj; en with their children,
for, now that the storm was over and
everything was still as the tomb, the
mother sat up in bed. glanced at her
children, got up and put them In their
proper places. Then she went back to
brd herself and was asleep in a mo
ment.
"Well," I said to myself, "if that's
what n clear conscience will furnish
I'm going to have a clear conscience."
1 went back to my room resolved, nev-
W to enter nny man's house again but
my own, at leant not; for plunder. I
went to bed ur.d slept like a top for
twenty-four hours.
i kept my resolution, found honora
ble employment and prospered. But I
didn't forget the family that converted
Bio. The mother was a widow, and,
hfivlnj; :i hard lime to fret on, I raad»
her aequitjitauca and married her.
But none of my family know that J
hw' iM'en n burglar or how I came to
kr. v them.
OFFfCIAL MAP
Amador County
veye by D. C. CAIUTON, showing
townshlp and school district bQund* -
iirifs, ownership of all lands according
to assi'Sßinont roll of 1004, mineral*
olalms, canals, location o' all school*
houses', also a townsito ma» of prlncl*
pal towns, namely Jackson, Sutter
Creok, lone, Atnador City, Dry town,
Plymouth and Volcano.
Size 6 by 8{ feet ■
Price, colored & mounted $10
Plain and unmounted • "$5
Sold only at . '.
AMADOR LEDGER OFB'ICE
_J
Sunset Vale 1771 Capital 633
The F. THOMAS'
Parisian
Dyeing and Cleaning Works
Dyeing and Cleaning Dress. Goods.
Silks, Blankets, and Curtains
A Specialty.
■ ■ s
1012-lOth st Sacramento
/
. — - ■ — — /
ST.' GEORGE HOTEL
VOLCANO, AMADOR CO CAL.
L. H. Cook, Proprietor. *
Refitted and renovated throughout!
Best of acconjinodation for commercial
travelers.
Table supplied with best in market.
- Terms reasonable. . jnel
\ Globe Hotel!;
\ : W" ||
« ' ' NEW MANAGEMENT. * |
!! MRS. ANNIE HU»ST....Prop'r J;
! 1 '^** r ! ',
;; Board and Lodging ;;
; ; AT RKASONABLE RATES. ' ] |
I ', Sample Rooms for Commer- Z
',', c.'al Travelers. !'
♦ All Stages stop at this hotel. * >
I JACKSON ....CAL. |
E. MARRE & BRO.
Wholesale Dealers and Jobbers
In Imported and Domestic
Wines*Liquors*Cigars
JACKSON CAL.
. i •
rVSTRIBUTINO AGENTS FOR J. P. MAR
\J toll Cogouc, Moet St Chuudon. White Sou'
and Private Cuvee Cbumpitgne; Morgan nrox.
I'litTto de Santa Maria Sherries: Royal Wlno
Company, Oporto, Port Wlnosj Uubos Freres.
Ilordeaux. Clarets and Hautornus ; CANADIAN
CLUB WHISKY. Hiram Walker & Sons, Lim-
iit:J, Walkerville. Ontario. Canadu: John Ue
Kuyper&Zoon, Cotterdam, CJIn; Ullka Kuein-
liitsl, from J. A, (illlia. lierlln; Uurthlootnay
Brewery Company, RochoHter, N. V,, Knicker-
bocker Beer; l*jjrsheaU Urand of UuiuuosH,
Stout and Jlass 1 Ala (bottled by Read Bros.,
London); Cantrell *■ Coohrane, lielfast, Glnjrer
Ale; Nugleu Ur.unly; Rulmuorted American
Wbiskles
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAIS
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hand a full Hue of Harness
and Hardess Fixtures, Saddles.
Bridles and Robes. Duggies
an*. Carriage lops made
to order.
Also has on hand a lino of
that well known and thor»
uglily tried IiAKKR <&
HAMILTON buggies.Amador County
Descriptive Article
Amador county comprises nn nrea of
648 squar- miles. It lies on the wes
tern Hlopo of Sierra Novade nonntains,
nnd emoraced within itr territory nil
the diversity of valley, foothill, and
high mountainous lands.
Climate.— The climate of tho popu
lous portions of the county is as genial
and healthful as can be found anywhere
in California. As climato la, one of tho
most valuable ivswits of this favored
state in attracting population, Amador
stands second to no county in this ro-
gard. It should, and no doubt will in
time, when Its climatic advantages are
moro thoroughly understood and ap-
preciated, become a health resort not
only for those in loss favored states,
but for the residents of other parts of
California, The temperature alone the
central portion rarely falls below HO
degrees above zero in winter, and as
rarely rises to 100 i»jfKeos in tho sum'
mcr. Snow seidomyalls In the settled
districts, und nov^f remains on tho
p round for mom tiian a few hours. Of
course, in the high mountain regions
of eastern Amador the snowfall is very
heavy — which is characteristic of tho
entire Siorra Nevada range. Tho sum
mer season i.s alwiiy accompanied with
cool nights; permitting of sound, re
freshing slumber. Fogs are rare, cy
clones are unknown, thunderstorms are
infrequent.
Gold Mining.— The county, although
rich in othor sources of wealth, com
paratively untouched, \a noted prin
cipally for her quartz mines. The
deepest gold minus In America are lo
cated hero. The Kennedy mine is now
taking gold in liberal quantities from
quartz extracted from a depth of over
3000 feet below the surface, with every
indication that the pay-ore extends to
a much greater depth. Since the dis
covery of gold, the county has contrib
uted fully $100,000000 to the world's
supply of the precious metal . ' The
mines are still yielding at the rate of
about two ' million dollars annually.
Nearly all of this wealth is produced by
eight or .ten mines operating' on what
is called the "mother lode," stretching
clear across the county In a north-east-
erly direction a distance of twenty
miles. The mines aggregate betweon
400 and 500 stamps, and furnish em-
ployment for over 1000 miners. This
industry 19 still in its infancy. The
unexplored territory, ev,3n .alorig the
main cold belt, is far in excess of tho
ground that has actually been worked
or prospected. The county offers to
day one of the most inviting fields to
be found anywhere in the world for tho
investment of capital In the fascinating
. business of gold mining, notalone along
the mother lode, but also in the almost
untouched mineralized country ot the
east belt, some ten or twelve miles from
the main lode.
Besides gold, we have copper, do
posits of pottery, coal, imarbe,. slate,
limestone, granite, and soapstone or
talc — all undeveloped.
Agricultural Capabilities. — The agri
cultural possibilities equal, if not excel,
the mineral riches. The valley lands
will produce anything that can bo
grown in the most favored sections.
In tho foothill lands all kinds of decid
uous fruits thrive: also all kinds of
vegetable are raised where irrigation
is practicable along the numerous water
courses. Further up in the mountains,
at an altitude of 2000 to 2500 feet, tho
soil is admirably adapted for apples
and potatoes. A ready market for
many times tho quantity now raised of
these commodities can be found lin the
varioQs mining towns.
Grape culture and wlnemulcing are
becoming important industries, both
, the grapes and wine commanding a
better price than the product of the
lowland. '
Land Is cheap compared with other
California lands. Improved farms may
be secured for one-fourth the price
current in some places. Unimproved
lands can bo had from $5 to $10 per
acre.j It does not require a fortuno to
buy a small runcti. There Is room for
£ a largo addition to our agnculural pop
ulation. Vast tracts now devoted to
cattle ranges might bo made the homes
of hundreds of prosperous farmers.
Amador hus a population of less than
12000. Three fourths of this is concen
trated in a strip of three miles above
mid below the mineral belt.
.Juoloon, the county seat, has about
2500 inhabitants, und lsun Incorporated
city <>t the hixth class. Other towns
aro Kuttur Creek, Amador City, l>r.y.
towu, I'lyaiouth, Volcano, Pine Grove
and Oltttu. lone City is the metropolis
of the valley wtction, a thriving town
of 1000 inhabitants.
I The community Is law abiding. Kdu
cationul facilities aro excellent. A
school house is within easy reuch of
nearly every family. There Is ono high
school, located at lone.'
Tho unaußsmont roll for 1009 i* $■">.-
. 81)0, 7lt."!, and the tax rate for both state
and county purposes $2 on tho $100.
Tho Southern l'acilio has a branch
• mil road running to lono. From this
- point tlio lono und Eustoru railroad ex
tends 14 miles furihiir Ij tho milling
section. '
Tiif various religious denominations
and fraternal organizations uru wull
represented.
The power plant of the Standard
Eleotriis Co— one of the largeit In the
world— Ulooated (our mllod from Juok
HANDLING SPRING BULBS.
fow to Treat Them Whefi.th» Plant*
Have Finished Olooming. >
The national council of horticulture,
through Ita press committee, hns this
to say of caring for spring bulbs:
"When tulips, hyacinths nnd other
spring bulbs are through blooming nnd
the last blossoms have faded, pick off
the seed pods and If possible leave the
bulbs in the beds until tho tops begin
to turn yellow. This gives the bulbs a
chance to ripen before digging them
up.
/If It la wished to plant the bed with
something else, the moment the bulb
blossoms fade pick off the seed pods,
as before, and dig the bulbs up Imme
diately, using a spade, thrusting It
deep Into tile ground below the bulb
so as to pry It up. This should bo done
carefully because the stems of tulips
eßpeclix-fy are brittle And break easily
just above- the bulb. "JVhcn nil' the
bulbs'uave been dug take them to n
convenient place In the bark yard nnd
heel them Ijl^MW M ! ( ' In lint " the
U) V*Y" ititmnl Jb
' "lA^HvVi-^/l.'-SHf iHpnnt t() tUg a
trir/Slifel gj 2 ' -{■iches deep nnd as
long,n.<^Ht-'-' IVluy the bulbs In It.
tups up, iMF^jV-row and cover only
the roots A(|SE Bf'>" with moist earth
In about twlT^Uppiirre weeks, or.wheu
the tops ore dry, Cig up the bulbs and
clean them. ! Kemcve all th-- old rootit.
tops and bulb scales and place th*
clean bulbs In shallow doju-s, leaving
them to dry thoroughly in the sun be
fore storing them away. When di 7
put them away In a cool,, dry place
where they will not be reached by thfi
sun. '
"Although these suggestions applj
principally to tulips because they arp
the most widely used, of spring bulbs,
the same treatment should be given
hyacinths and narcissuses. Where tho
bulbs are left in the ground perma
nently do not pull the tops until they
begin to turn yellow."
ANY LADY' can easily make from
818 00 to 525.00 per week working foi
me quietly in her own home locality.
This is a bona title oiler— one which
will pay you to Investiagte, even if
yon can only spare two bourn per
day. No investment required.
Turn your spate time into money.
Wnto me at once for particulars.
Addreoss HAKMI'U M. KICHAKPS,
liox .'SO, Woman's LSuildiug, Joliet,
Illinois. jyl-71m
fesBb| Tk SINGER
s#^M Sixty- Six.
The latest result of fifty years' ex-
perience iti making Sewing machines
for family use.
Machines sold on easy terms.
Absolutely the liph tester up'ning lock-
stitch Sewing Machine
A. W, STONE, Agent
aug'23 JACKSON, CAL.
BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH
» . ■ . '*", ■ .
BULLETIN
San Francisco's Leading* Daily, the
AMADfIR LEDBER
Is enabled to offer old and new subscribers
Amador Ledger - HHI ««.
This is, an extraordinary! ofi'or, and may be withdrawn at any time, so wo would
sng<jest that all old subscribers in arrears pay back accounts that they may tako
advantage of this special combination sale.
THE .BULLETIN is famous from coast to coast' for its fight in defonso of cloan
government, and is read by moro people daily than thocomblnod circulation'of
all other San Fraucisoo dailies.
You will appreciate the value of this ofTor when you eonsidor that any of tho
other $an Francisco papers will cost you $i per year. ' .'..
SUBSCRIBE TODAY!
now to Doctor Sick Chickens.
The following Is nn excellent remedy
for filrk. chickens, says a chicken fan
cier:' Ono ten«poonful of perninnsanntc
of potash In one quart of water. Tnke
other water nway from them, nnd
tvhen Ihfcy beeotne thirsty they will l>c
glad to drink this. It Is a cure-nil.
I had two hens that were sick. They
beenmo very thin, nnd their combs
were very pale, nnd In time they died.
Another hen started to ro the snine
wny, when I lienrd of tlili remedy. In
two dnys' time there was n slight Im
provement, and before long she grew
strong, and the color In her comb be
enme brighter. Since then I have hnd
no more trouble r wlth sick chickens.
Try It.
How to Mako • Good Filter.
(A lionicmade nnd' economical flltor
that will filter the wafer satisfactorily
Is made from n flowerpot nnd char
coal. Take a large, clonn flowerpot
nnd put n sponge or n pleco of clean
moss over the hole In thd bottom. Fill
the flowerpot three-quarters full of
equal parts of clean sand and chnr
conl. Over this lay n cloth large
enough to hang ov«f the skips of the
pot. Pour tho -writer into Uk» cloth,
nnd It ■will come out of the holo In the
bottom of the pot clean and free from
germs.
1 ' How to Wash Dress Shields.
Many think It in Impossible to wash
dress shields In other than cold wnter.
They should first be dampened with
cold water nnd covered with white
soap rubbed into the covering. Put
them Into a basin nud pour very warm
water over them rufuflj lit l them stand
until the water begins to cool; then
scrub with a stiff brush. Rinse In cold
water and let them gradually dry
away from artificial heat. Do not at
tempt to press them.
"Little Englands."
Tbe English always carry with thci<t
their national customs, and wherever
they settle down, even for awhile,
they organize "little Englands."-ParN
Opinion. ■ .
A. patient .mind Is th<> best remedy
f** ivftlctions.— Plautua.
Diarrhoea Cured.
"My father has for years been
tioiirllml with diarrhoea, aud triod
every means possible to client a cute
without avail," writoa John H.
Zirkle of fhlllppi, W. Vb. > "Ho saw
Cbamberlaiu'a Colic, Colera and
Diarrhoea Kemedy advertised in the
l'lnliji|>i Hopublican and decided, to
try it. The result is ouo bottje
cured him and ho baa not suffered
with the disease tor eighteen months;
liefore taking this remedy he was a
constant snffe-er. He is now sriu"d
and well, and although sitxy years
old, can do as much work as a young
man." Sold by Jackson Drug Store,
tipagnoli Prop.
The A. Van derNailen School
Of Civil, Electrical Mining Engineering, etc.
ESTABLISHED 1864. .
Occupying their own large builulng, work-
shop and laboratories.
Great demnnd for ex-students In all lines.
New students should enroll at once.
TELEGRAPH AND filst,
OAKLAND, CAL.' my 18
Send for Catalogue.
CARE OF RUGS AND CARPETS.
Hew They Should Be Cleintd and
Handled to Make Them Last.
j A little Rystcniritlc denning each
month will preserve the life of a val
uable carpet or rug for many years.
Many women In tlielr efforts to live
up to' tho reputation of being good
housekeepers literally beat the life out
of expensive rugs. Handsome rugs
should never be put on n line and
beaten. They should be laid on the
grass and whipped gently. They
should thbn be turned over and swept
•with a stiff broom that has been dip
ped In ammonia wnter. This brightens
the colors. ';•, \
• The professional cleaner often fin
ishes off this clenrlng process by wash-
Ing them off with olive oil soap and
warm wato/. This seems to give new
'life to the wool In the rug. The long
fringe on orlentnl nigs can be washed
In the bathtub. Muke a warm suds
and dip the fringe up and down In
the shallow water, being careful not
to* knot It. Then hang In the sun to
dry.
Spots on carpet.l nnd rugs should be
removed Im mediately and not allowed
to Rtniid until the next cleaning clay.
All sticky substances can be removed
by sponging them with a mixture of
alcohol and salt— about n teaspoonfal
of salt In a pint of alcohol. Spots
caused v by shoo or stove blacking
nlkhilil be covered Immediately with
corn meal, then .rubbed with, a cloth
nnd finally swept with 11 stiff brush.
Ink spots If attended to Immediately
saw be removed by an application of
v\et suit. Do not tub the spots, how
ever. If they do not yield to the sait.
then apply skimrallk and salt nlfpc
nuii'ly.
' Tho use of tea leaves for sweeping
luis been abolished by wise housekeep
ers, as the copperas l;i them will (n
time rnln a good carpet. The wise
woman spreads old newspapers ov<T
the carpet which she Is going \o
swoop, flrst .wetting them in ammonia
wnter, about two tablespoonfuta ft
ani'iioiiiii to a pall of water, j
Rait is excellent to sprinkle on the
floor before sweeping, as It' helps to
bring the color back to Its original
brilliancy, but it should not be used on
a carpet with n heavy nap. Tor ln
grain It is line. For heavy carpets ltke
axmlrister and velvet first use the pa
pers dipped In ammonia water and
their go over the carpet with a HnnDPl
cloth wrung out In borax water.
Old pieces of outlug flannel make the
boat rags- for cleaning carpets. Next
to this Is old underwear on which
there Is no lint. If It Is possible to get
a beef gall, this Is excellent for reno
vating faded and soiled carpets. Many
butchers will save one for you If you
notify them in advance. Open the gall
tap and pour contents Into a pall of
warm water. Throw the bag awuy.
Now wring out- heavy cloths In this
gall and water pilxture and go over aH
the carpet, rubbing with a goodly
amount of elbow grease. If this meth
od Is used two or three times a year It
will be found well worth while.
Take Kodol at tbe times when you
feel what you have eaten is not
digesting. Kodol. digests what you
eat bo you can eat sufitJcieutly of any
good, wbolesome food, if you will
just let Kednl dieest it. Sold by City
l'harmucy, Il'.I I . \V. Kusher I'rop.
ESTABLISHED 1855.
• p  ■■ ;■■ ■■■■■■
T,HE
AffIADOR LEDGER
Published in the Center of thelliche?t
Mother Lode Gold Belt.
Printed every Friday Afternoon
R. Webb, Editor and Proprietor.
. ■ i
Tl^l© Oldest
■ Ifcvdlost IrLflTjLerLtial
liviost "Wia.el-37- Cizc-iaJ-atsd
And Onl3r f^-11-Hoa^Le ZFxiirt
Paper published in Amador County.
The Best Advertising Medium
* *
*
> ...
Republican is politics
But the slave of no party
And the foe of all political and Official Cliques and Rings
Free and Independent in.the discussion of al' matters pertaining to
* t the Local Government
Fearless in the ventillation and exposure of Official Wrong Doing
• >>
The Paper for the Family < •
For the Farmer
For the Miner
For the Merchant and Business Man
i
For the Taxpayers and Citizens Generally
Two Dollars per year |
If paid strictly in advance; otherwise $2.50 will be charged.
OUR CLUBBING RATES:
Ledger and Dally Call, ono yoar.B 9 00 Ledger and da^ilv San Francisco
Le^er and Weekly Call one year 3 20 s S?VZt%. AnV^K
Lec'jjor and Dally Chronicle, one can avail himself this offer by paying-
y ear 9 oo U P arrearage and than in advance.
Lee P er" Sd Wee'kiy' Chronicle; o^.^ 275
one J' ear 3 00 Ledger and MoCall'a Magazine. 1
Ledger and Daily Examiner lyear 9 00 1 year, including free pattern.... 2 .
Our Job Printing Department
Is the most Complete to bo found int the mountains.
•Up to-date presses, Simplex Typesetting Machine, Folder, Perforating
Machine, Numbering and Punching Machines.
We buy our paper stock from Manufacturers at Bottom prices
Billheads, Letter ellads, Statements- -S^l
Pamphlets, Posters, Dodgers,
• , ' Checks, Receipts, Tags,
Business and Visiting Curds,
'' 2v ■ Programs, Ktc.
AH kinds of Legal Blanks, Briefs and Transcripts printed promptly and
neatly. In short, we can do anything in tlie printing line .: -
OTJIS PISICES aie iEeXd-HZO:
, 0
. ( . ... As We Can and Do Compete with City Prices.
: '; If you have anything in the printing line, don't send it away but \>&\-
ionize iiomC lud^Stry- ~U]amadou ledger.
Jackson, cal., august 27. 1909.
FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
AMADOK.
Aug &->— Amnilnr has linen without
a correspondent so long Hint, a few
itoniß might Interest the people from
here.
Mia M. 13. Chutob'fl sister, Mrs
Law, .who ciimn from San Krauclsoo
to attend her sister during her recent
bereavement, returns to her home to
morrow, taking Mrs Cburob with her.
Mis Clark and ber daughter Elsie,
are going to remain here until Mrs
M. 11. Church returns from San Fran
cisoo.
Mlsa Alma Trethewey, whose home
is in Sacramento, has been visiting
Misses Lizzie and Olivo Vanning.
Miss L. O'brieu, who has beeu
visiting Mrs Kelly, returned to her
home In Sacramento.
Mrs N. Kevern, who lives at
Martell. has been visiting with bor
daughter. Mrs O. I'tuichur.
7 ■■•' Mrs Mayme Martell was over visit
ing ber mother, Mrs Cbappel. She
returned to Sutler Creek Monday.
A gay party of young people came
over from Jacksou in a three setter
automobile Tuesday night. They
stopped al tbe Imperial hotel, aud
returned late in the evening.
Mra J. Phipps jr., has been visit
ing Mrs J lioskoen in Jackson, who,
is staying with ber mother.
Mrs Green, an old resident of Dry
town, who Das been visiting Mrs
Church, returned Monday morning.
. The Ladies Aid of tbe Amador M.
■ \i. Church are going to have a social
on Saturduy next iv the old Kirklaud
store. A Jarge attendance is ex
pected.
Mr and Mrs Hunker of Arizona
. are visiting the letter's niothpr, Mrs
Culbert. Mr Hunker is superintend
ing a mine iv Arizona.
MisH May Kelly was a passenger
ou the outgoing stage to San Fran
cisco ' to take her vacation betore
opening ber sqhool in Dr.vtown. '
The chief machinist at tbe Key
stone, 13. J. Cambell, was hurt last
Sunday night, falling over 50 feet
down tbe rock breakerj sbuto. lie
has improved very much.
Tbe Amador ornbastrn, consisting
ot George Nichols "aud wife, aud
Lucia Kerr, gave a social dance last
Saturday night, and there was a large
attendance. I'bey expect to repeat
these good times if the town wants
them to. U
A fishing party consisting of
Salem Bonueau, Misa liartwic.k, Miss
Hazel Wlntebeed, Miss May Kelly,
and others, went to Volcano early
Sunday morning. They returned
with rive flab.
iMrs Con O'Neil was over vieiting
ber husband, who is boarding at tin
Imperial hotel.
Miss Enid Joy was a passenger on
tbe outgoing stage for Martell Mon
day morning and returned iv tbe eve
ning.
Miss Myrtle Bonneau returned to
Volcano Sunday.
The California Consolidated Co.
expects to have GO stamps dropping at
tbe Keystone, by tbe Ist of Septem
ber. \
The Ladies' Aid of the M. E.
church are considering a baby show
iv the near future. As there are so
many new lovely babies in town
it will be bard to award tbe prizes.
Tbe judge will have to be proof
against abuse and bair pulling.
Mrs C. McCanmet, who has been
Visiting with ber mother, Mrs
Culbert, returned to Los Angeles
Saturday. — Prlmiose \
DEKENDEK.
Aug. 17th.— Touriats are returning
from tbe mountains and Jakes every
day, ou tbe way to their borne in tbe
cities and valleys.
Others ure Ht ill going to tbe Lakes.
.Mr and Mrs Williams from tbe Pres
ton school are ou a vacation, aud on
their whs to cooler regions than they
left at lone. They spent a tew days
at Will lilakeley's, having a jolly
good time.
The Kimball liros. are hauling ore
to the Defender mill, where they
expeot to crush the rock..
llauliDg logs is going 011 in eaiuent.
Load after load passes through . De*
tender district ou tho way to: Jack
son aud tbe minus. There is dnst
galore since there is so muob ■ tratllu.
Jess Werely came home from Ala
dera oouuty, wbein be was employed.
He was willed home by bis brother's
deatb. Jess will return to bis work
after a short visit witb bis parents at
Antelope district.
Mr Henry 'and wife made a hasty
trip to Cook's statiou lust Huuday,
return ing tbe same day.
J. P. lliirker has been ou tbe pick
Jist for several days past. ' He is on
tbe improve at last report.
Children Cry
FOR FLETCHER'S
CASTORI A
Aur. 25— Tom Normnn of Bactft
ruento la bere as tbe gueit of bli
brother. Dr. W. A. Nnimnn.
Mr und Mia, Carter of Oakland nr
ilveil liuro Hntiinlny evening, and aru
MtnyiiiK Rt tb» KotO«t llnupn.
.\llh3 Marie Weston and Mta Laura
Bntlef visited trlendi and relatives
Id UletH on Friday last.
Mrs Ureen of Flaoervllle Is visiting
relatives here.
Mia OToole, who has been stay-
Ing Iv Nevada for several monthc
returned last week, UrlnglngSher little
granddaughter with her.
Frank Cooper, who bus been work-
Ing on the Jameson thresh ing ma
chine, has returned to bis home beio.
JMoftsrs Clarence Weston. J. U.
Walton, N ti. Wheeler, and 11. 10.
Potter went to Flaaervllle on Monday
last to attend tbe trial of Pettus.
Mr mid Mrs Kiohardson of Elk
Grove, formerly of this place, are
visiting trteuds bere. ■ '
Kobnrt Wilson,, who has been em
ployed at tbe Kennedy mine, baa re
turned to his borne in tbta place.
'Mr aud Mra liurko made a busineFS
trip to Hutter Creek on Monday last.
A force of men started to work ou
tbe Urr claim Monday morning.
Plymouth is not so slow.
Kay Chadbourno baa boon on tbe
nick Hat for tbe past week, but is ou
ttiShmprove now.
Harry Weston waa a passenger ou
tbe overland stage Hnturday morning,
en route for Saoramento where he will
remain indefinitely.
Merwln Leach returned Sunday last
from Kfkwoods, where be has beeu
spending his vacation.
Martiu Potter ot Saoramento is
bere on a visit to bis undo and
aunt, Mr and Mrs L. (.!. GrltUtfa.
Walter Ball and family left for the
hop-Heidi) on Sunday last.
Mrs Kelly returned to ber licruo in
Jacksou. after spending a' tew weeks
witb her granddaughter, Mra 11. ,U.
Potter.
Mrs I). Jiuike and daughter Annie
of Jackson drove over Snnday on a
visit. ' Mrs tiurke returned Monday.
Annie remained us the guest of Mrs
L. Uurke.
K. \V. hetcbam, a former resident
of this place, died at bis boms in
Woodbridge, August '22. Deceased
was a member of Plymouth 1.0. O. Il'.I I .
Lodge. No. 260.
Dr. Uoyson left for San l''rancisco
Tuesday morning; Wild .looses.
SUTl'tiK CKEtiK.
Mrs TLdjuise B. Uill baa purohased
the btiisaes's,«fruit stand, etc, of «Jaa.
Jory and took possessiou last Tues
day. ' Mr Jory has returned to the
mine, being employed at tbe South
Eureka.
John Kiidilitz and daughters, Misses
Minnie and Paulino, lelurned Satur
day evening fioru a short visit in San'
t'rancisuo.
Mrs (inn. Clarkson ot Colorado, is
viditint; her. sister, Mrs. Martha
Smith, tor a few days.
iVlrn Alary Il'.I I . Shea I or, left a short
time ago, tor (jardnerville, Nevada,
where she will* keep bouse for her
son Raymond, who is in business at
that place.
Cbailea Mulock, was an outgoing
liuHsiingor, Sunday morning, en route
to Htockto", where Im expects to
reside in tbe future.
Miss lilancbn Keifoot, who is liv
ing in Sacramento, training for a
nurse, is boine here, visiting a short
time witb her parents, Mr and Mrs
J. Kerfoot.
Mr and Mrs John Horn left tor
Khyde, on tbe Sacramento river, a
few days ago, called there by trie ill
ness and deatb of Mr Koss'a father,
who died at tbe 'residence of bis
daughter, Mrs Hanson, at that place
Wednesday.
After having enjoyed a pleasut
outing at Santa Cruz for several
weeks, Mrs t'rauk Sorooco and
children, Mrs Carlo Soroooo, aud
Mrs Hnnnoli returned to their home
Wednesday evening.
Mrs Pearl Davis and four little
daughters departed for their Lomes
in ISiikurdtluld tbis morning after a
pleasant visit with her mother's
sister, Mra Fogarty and daughter.
Edward Jouea arrived here Mon
day evening, from Vallejo, feeing in
the employ of tbe government at
Mare Island, Mr Jones, is home ior a
brief visit with bis family.
Miss Hazel Perkins aud sister,
ICilna, returned to their home in
Stockton liiesday, after a pleasant
two weeks visit with friends bere.
Shocked at Electra
An employe At tbe power plaut at
Uleotra uaaieil Il'.I I . A. ilerrum, wbilo
at the switchboard, wai "aro" struck.
A ourreot struck him Id tbe taoe,
Deck, and upper part of iiia body,
burning him seveiely.but not fatally.
I'bla occurred yesterday. I'ba uiin
bap will disable him for a couple ut
weeks. ' \
Uusy Bee.
OASVORXA. •
Bean th. _^ Thl Kinll Y(IU Ha " Al " 8! * &JUjM
PLYMOUTH
From Our Exchanges.
Tiioflilny afternoon Inst ft Ure Btnrted
In the timber yard at tbe Kozy Bird
mine and destroyed all the timber In
tbe yard, some !20,000 teet. Tbe
flnniciH also oaugbt in the underbrush
on tho hillside, aud belore It oould
be got under control burned _ cou
sldernble timber thnt wag out aud left
on the hillside to dry. The entire
foroe nt the mine tifiutd out nnd It
was through their efforts that some of
tbe timber on the hillside v»hh saved.
Tbe loss will reach over a thousand
dollars.— Citizen.
It. M. Moln, M. X., from Oakland,
for a number of yeara slightly con
nected with the Onelda Mining Co.,
arrived Iv Hut tor Creek last weak aud
remaibed with us until Sunday. The
gentleman was here Investigating tbe
strike iniido on tbe property siiriio
mentbs ngo by a lessee who has been
shipping some good ore- to tie I by 'b.
While wb have no definite Informa
tion, them is rebson to bellevo tbe
Oneida mine will bs roopeued again
at no distant day. -Record.
Tbern bave been minors during the
week to the effect that the extensive
property ot tbe Utica Company at
AngnlH including tint big ditch and
electric plant of the Union Water
Company, bad been,' or was ahout to
be sold. Tbe story even went so far
as to iucludo tho Ligbtner aud other
mines of Angels. We have made
some inquiry about the matter, in
quarters where tbe facts would j most
likely be known and are led to the
conclusion that tbe whole story is
mere rumor. —Prospect.
On Tuesday last H. T. Cage, fur
the (Jrmifc, made a large shipment of
of steers to/Miller & Lux. It is the
reraainiug\delivery of a sale made a
month ngo. The lot scut away last
Tuesday numbered 1(85 head. and filled
a train of fifteen cars. They will be
taken to one of tbe Miller & Lux
ranches and fattened for tbe San
Francisco market —Echo.
The tragic death of Mrs Stewart
Perkins at Negro Hill in tho western
part of the couuty, near Fulsom, last
Sunday, cast a gloom over all the
surrounding neighborhood where she
was highly esteemed by all. Mrs
Perkins wuh about to prepare luuoh
for her husband who had gone to
Folsom. to meet her daughter, who
was returuiug from Sacramento. She
lit a coal-oil stove' to avoid beating
tbe bousn with the range, when it ex
ploded covering her with burning oil.
She attempted to put but tho .llameo,
by wrapping herself in a blanket.
Failing in this she. rolled upon the
grouud and called for help. Neigh
bors went tn ber assistance, but by
the time tbey extinguished tbe flames
Mrs Perkinß bad been terribly bur&
ed. She vvu« taken to Folhoui for
medical treatment but died shortly
alter arriving there, being uuable
to stand tbe shook. She was 03 years
of age aud nod lived in ttio vicinity
ol Negro Hill for thirty-three years.
She l? survived by a husband and live
children. Tbe Perkins home was
destroyed by Hre.
Mrs Perkins was burled from tbe
M. E. Church, of Folsom, of which
she was a devoted member, un Mon
day.—Alt. Democrat. ,
i -
DeWitt's Little Early Risers, tbe
pleasaut. sate, sure, easy little liver
pills. A salve you may always de
peued upon in any case where you
need salve, Ss DeWitt's Carbolized
Witch Hazel Salve— especially good
for Piles. Mold by City Pharmacy,
F. W. Kusber Prop.
I K^> JVERSHA|J|g t ji I CITY 1
J iyB^MPsJ^JIFMTfi ult a r^tf orrm TUNGSTEN FIXTURE- uS i^^Egm,^roil^Sßw£B^s^fl3 **
<O fy if - jffi -*ffij4,r *" O^IINO A 1 3* rucQv time a w*i &sE**t •
m J rftftfejtt i Jjl Yt'ti Wt vK » V,*rT)^ ff 1.c3 LtIHT I l™t rf-irl *,S}CW A."^tJTC A^tOri?
111 DOTH TESTS MADE UY tLtCTRICAL TESTING LABOR ATO H I Cft NtWYOHK C»TV. UJ
3 'niEWELSBACH KEFLEXOLIER |
1 FOR STORES.IIOMES.CLUBS and HALLS. &
3 GIVES ASOFT STEADY UGHTOP GREAT BRIUIANCYAND POWER OOSELY RESEMBUNQ DAYUCHT |
1 SUPERIOR TO ELECTRIC LIGHT IN QUALITY. EFFICIENCY AND ECONOMY . H
jl The lights are turned on or ph*6y a /nerepu/i on the, chain-Making it as easy and convenient Jj
fl to operate asan Electric Light- Positive in m •action -Simple in its construct/on. U
I CHEAPER JO BUY CHEAPER TO USE CHEAPER TO KEEP IN ORDER j
I EXHIBITIDN AT DUR SALESRIHIM |
1 OUR REPRESENTATIVE WILL CALL BY REQUEST WITH FULL INFORMATION. S
0 At JACKSON 6AS WORKS B
Better Not Get
If you can help it Kodol prevents Dyspepsia, by
effectually ■ helping Nature to Relieve Indigestion.
But don't trifle with Indigestion.
I,',- A great many people who have a partial digester— and physics ar«
, trifled with Indigestion, have been not digesters at all. ' ■
■orry for It — when' nervous or Kodol Is a perfect digester. If
chronic dyspepsia resulted, and you could see Kodol dlgestingevcry
. they have not been able to cure It particle of food, of all kinds, In the
Use Kodol and prevent having glass test-tubes In our laboratories,
Dyspepsia. you would know thla Just as well
- Everyone la subject to indlges- as we do. >
' tlon. Stomach derangement follows Nature and Kodol will always
stomach abuse, Jukt as naturally ewe » * lck Btomach— but In order
and Just as sureJy as a sound and JP v bo , cure . d ' * c s^^ 11 mv " t fl *?; t '
healthy stomach results upon the That Is what Kodol does— res^stoe
taking of Kodol, stomach, while the stomach gits
When you experience sourness ™11. *» » lm P le M
of stomach, belching of gas and Our diirti «16%0 i«»rt«
. nauseating fluid, bloated sensation, uu / ~*"\"? "5^-L W J
rrnnwinr nnln In ihn nit nf tho Oo to ronr dmgelat (today A.nA mvojl*
gnawing pam in tne pit or tne Ur The n O ftcrirou haw-, ui3Lj|»
Btomacn, neart burn (so-caliea), mtlre contents of tho \botti« if j-ouJPK
diarrhoea, headaches, dullness or honentiy ««.t, thnt it han. not done yoi*n/
chronic tired feellng-you needKo- |^h7SffJd»^HS^V^w d ioSSJKeS
dol. And then the quicker you take tlon or delay, we win tiitn p ay yfo druif
v« i^i *v.» i.,,f f „.. ■!?«* ,I,^* ««.. ?•■* ' or tne bottle. Don't hp Jlate, all
Kodol— the better. Eat What you Snurulnts know that onrKnwranifoiaßood.
want, let Kodol digest It. • This offer applies to the lnwr* bottle only
Ordinary pepsin "dyspepsia tab-
lets," physics, etc., are not likely cent bottle. .
to be of much' benefit to you, In Kodol' ls prepared at the labora*
' digestive ailments. Pcp&in is only torles of E.C. De Witt & Co., Chicago.
AT CITY /PHARMACY, JACKSON.
ATPY!/" Buildings • Racing Ladies'
Grounds ' Music Tournament
I\L< TT Attractions Stock Parade Great "Glad Way"
t
Greatest Display of Live Stock Ever Assembled in California.
Special Poultry Show -2000 Prizes, Worth $3000
California State Fair
Sacramento. August 28 to September 4. 1909
Special $2,000 Agriculture Quintessence of
County Cash Horticulture California
Awards Premiums Viticulture Soil & Climate
. Symposium of California Wealth and Production.
Special Excursion Rates on Railroads. Exhibits Carried Free.
H. A. JASTRO, President. J. A. FILCHER, Secretary
Auxiliary State Fair, Idoru, Park, Oakland, September 13 to Oct. 2, 1009
. , - ■ ' ■ \
IE YOU WAIT TO
, !>-»■■■" ■ Illl^ ■■■■ "'»— " "■ .IMI -..MW »II WWI ,>f— BWIJMW.
• ■ '.
LOOK WELIiJDRESS.ED
Call at DEUTSCH'S
TAILORING SHOP
i And inspect his fall and Winter Samples,
Excl-cLeiTrely Selected, for Him
Remember, tho DEUTSCII made" clothes fit your person-
ality 'as well as your person.
Our Prices are very reasonable.
Webb Building, Jackson. Rooms 1 & 2.
t Your Chance Now.
We remit, to keep busy during tbe
(lull neaiod. • ,
Today we offer our Rreat bargaiDß
to noooinpllth this. v
Four nundred new styles to (elect
from.
Every gnrnient receives personal
Rtt.nnt.lon here.
Fit and workmanship Ruatßnteed,
UKO. KAYMONU.
Kt)l{ IUJNT...The store premlseo
now occupied liy the lied Front, 00
Mnin street, Jacksou, opposite tbe
(Jlobn hotel. For particulars apply
to Ueorga Weller, Jackson.
Money to Loan
On Ileal Estnte nt Prevniling
Rotes of lotereet.
People's
Savings Bank
OF SACRAMENTO,
•100 ,|iTUKHT,
I'h.vh luterest on' All . Uopoaits.
We me uuder the Biipervision
nf tbe SStntn Lun nf Califoruia.
Money in SSUito Mayings Unnka
ia l"'ree l<r<im TAXES.
Accepts deposits iv sums from v
OiNE DOLLAK and upwHrd. |
Paid Up Capilal and Re- |
serve - - "- 400.000 |
Assets - - - 82750,000 |
Does Strictly a Say- I
ings Bank Business |
Send 'for our booklot, ij
"BANKING BY MAIL" |
When you are . ,
dry and dusty *
CALL FOR '
Gilt Edge Lager
Doppel, Bran
Sacramento's famous Beers
On draught everywhere.
In bottles too
Sacramento Brewing Co.
P. J. RUHSTALLER, Mgr
| SUPPOSING <
Z tbnt every salary and wage 4
2 earuer within tlm radius of tbe <
f iutlucnce of thin bank sbould \
<> deposit thoir salary or 'wage i
♦ ohcli inoutii or week bere and <
5 pay their bills by writiug j
5 checks against their accounts, 4
♦ what would be tbe result? <
I) The result would be a large J
1, amount addbd to tbe cirou- 1
<• latino, medium, of .tbe- com- <
I \ munity, busiuess would be J
I 1 stimulated, tbe teachers, clerks <
♦ or laboreis thus depositing '
J] their money would bnvo their (
i , owu conveuioDc.o greatly 0011- 4
♦ served, and they und otbers i
J would tie benctltled. You \
, ', double thH power of your 4
1 ■ money when you put it in J
♦ a bunk. 4
!; Bank of Amador County <
J| Jackson. California. J
»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦••♦•♦♦<
BANKING
BY MAIL
The Stockton Saviugs and.
Lioan Society witb resouroes of
84.000,000.00 oirers every facility
for doing 11 banking busiuoss by
miiil. (Jhecks tnkuii payable
iv any part of tbe Uuited States.
Our system of haukinK by mail
practically brings ibis great
tin tik to your dour. "In opeu
mt aooouut with us, place tbe
amount you wish to'start witbiu
mi envelope addressed to ua and
by returu mail you will receive
a bank book tdiowiDg tbe
amount of yuui deposit. Tbe
Uuited States mails ure tiife
and no one ever lost a dollar in.
tbla way. •We solicit:- the uc- ■
oouuta ot farmers, husitieas nien
aud otluuß aud aasure tlmni
courtoous and liliural treatuieut.
Kindly Mention this Paper
Send for free Booklot.
STOCKTON SAVINGS
AND LOAN SOCIETY
Stockton, CaliforniaBEAUTY.
Your beauty can bo improved by using Lang-
ley's Vanishing Poroxido Cream, tho best vanishing
pcroxido cream on tho market.
Langloy's Pcroxido Cream contains no chemicals
injurious to tho skin, nor does it produco aqy un-
pleasant feeling after application. Beneficial for
rough and chapped hands; having a mild bleaching
action it is excellent for tho removal of discoloration
of tho skin. Langloy's Pcroxido Cream is a lino
preparation for^tho removal of sunburn and tarr that
is so prevalent just now,
• Sold only at
RUHSER'S CITY PHARMACY
Main Street, Corner Court St. •,
JACKSON, CAL,
AMADOR LEDGER
JACKSON, CaI.. ..AUGUST 27. 1009
TEMPERATIiRE AND HAINPALL
This table gives the highest and lowest tem
perature la Jackson for each day, togother with
tbe ralutull, as recorded by Belf-reglstering
Instruments kept ut tho Lodnur nlllen.
. Vi , » ! !»
iTompi gii jTomp'S.
Dato. •;'& Date. : o
I/.|H. 2; L.IH. 2
Auk 1..18UU ! ftli 93 ....il <7 | M11i01...
i I 511 »ii ...I 18 i M m.....
3 i f V»: 1U : ....M 10 |Ml 0»i...
4 i 5V U5.. ..11 20 i M «7i" -<
•»..!...! it W\,.i.\\ a2.....l 6888,, .
7 i 48 ; III :....;!. ...'Si i 4t: US . ..
8.....J 47; IM ...J tf4 ! ISO «!....
U ; Ml HC.-.I « s i HI WJ ....
10 i SJ ; (W ....i 211 : ..! ..:....
11 ! 47j 8« .. ! 5i7 1 ..i .......
Vi : 47i tt! ....: 28 i ,1 ......'
13 i 47i Hi ...:;i J!t I .: .1 ...
II «»' B*|;.v.i »• i ■■': .■■■■
15 : 47; «:(-.... ij 91 i iJ ...:....
16 I il! !17:....j- I ... : ..'....
. Vi , » ! !»
iTompi gii jTomp'S.
Dato. •;'& Date. : o
I/.|H. 2; L.IH. 2
Auk 1..18UU ! ftli 93 ....il <7 | M11i01...
i I 511 »ii ...I 18 i M m.....
3 i f V»: 1U : ....M 10 |Ml 0»i...
4 i 5V U5.. ..11 20 i M «7i" -<
•»..!...! it W\,.i.\\ a2.....l 6888,, .
7 i 48 ; III :....;!. ...'Si i 4t: US . ..
8.....J 47; IM ...J tf4 ! ISO «!....
U ; Ml HC.-.I « s i HI WJ ....
10 i SJ ; (W ....i 211 : ..! ..:....
11 ! 47j 8« .. ! 5i7 1 ..i .......
Vi : 47i tt! ....: 28 i ,1 ......'
13 i 47i Hi ...:;i J!t I .: .1 ...
II «»' B*|;.v.i »• i ■■': .■■■■
15 : 47; «:(-.... ij 91 i iJ ...:....
16 I il! !17:....j- I ... : ..'....
LOCAL NEWS
J. . J.C Wilson,. Dentist. Hours 9a.
in. to 5 p.m. Phouo — Office, blaok
114: residence. Muck 391; Jackson.
Mrß M. W. Kolger, formeily post
iiiiHtroriN'ot 1 Jackson, arrived Friday
evening from Seattle. Vihero she
bas been a resident for tbe past
year, or rather Bhe has -been occupy
ing a small borty ranch a few miles
out of tbe city. Uhe iutundH to' make
her home iv California herealter,
probably at Vnllejo. Hbe-nama to
Jaokson on a visit, aud to look utter
her property interests. She. will re
main here several weeks. Her son
i SoorgH Koigur, came up tiutn Vallejo
Sunday on a sbort vacation, lie is
employed at Mare Island navy yard.
Mrs David Hull retnrnod from
(Jeattle b'riday evening, atfer v visit
to the Aliisku exposition.
(ieo. 11. .Salzgobor was iv Jackson
Saturday, seeing his many friends
and acquaintances iv this section.
He baa been employed by the Pacitlc
(Jas aud Kloctrio corrioratiou fur tbe
pabt eight years, and started at dig
uing 1 1 oat holes for tne power liuo of
tbe Standard Uleotrio Company. He
bus been promoted from time to time,
aud now holds a prominent position
at liyrou, Contra Costu county, hav
ing the management of tbo company's
business at that point. He has beeu
on a short vacation viuiting bis folks,
wbo are residents of lone.
Dr Victor Mounter, wbo bus been
visiting bis parents in Jackson for
tbo past mouth, left Monday moruiiig
for tbe state of Washington. He
recently graduated iv medicine and
surgery from a Michigan college, aud
inteuda to settle iv tbe practice of
ma profession ut some point Iv
Washington state. !
iNliss Kate Drit-0011, who is toaohiug
sobool iv Hhu Joaquin county, is
spending her vacation at bar boire tt
ticottsville, until ber sobool resume*.
Miss Dorothy Sargent left Sunday
morning for Lodi, to attend tbe
bieb scbool of that city.
Tbe local chamber of oommeroo held
ua mooting this week, on account of
tbe abseuce of the president. C. I.
Viciui, wbo him been* out of tbe
couuty. He returned Tuesday eceu
iug.
judge Wood aud sou returned from
n short stay at Kirkwoods aud Silver
bake last Sunday. Mrs Wood return
ed Tuesday from a trip to Oaklaud.
Tbe oHJuera.of Jaokson Miner's
Union are making anaugeiutnts for
tbe celebration of labor day ou
September U. Tbe programme will
be announce I iv a day or two.
Jas rJ. Dye, has taken the place in
tbe Hunk ot Aroador county left va
oant by tbe resignation ot H, i, Kerr.
Ue ia a thorough aooouataut nud book
keeper.
Piano tor sale, little used, cash
8175 sells for Sl'JO. I'iario experts say
uood as new. luquire ledger office.
jU 2-m.
« Mi«B Carrie Anthony left Tuesday
morning for titooktou fojr a short
*hlt.
Or. J. D. Kogarty, dentist, Jack
son. OtUce iv Kay's building, Main
street. Hours from 9a. in. till sp.
p. m Telephone, Black 363.
The itt. Key. Mousignor McCarthy
of Fresno will oelebrato mtißS iv St.
Patrick's Church ou Sunday next at
!) n. in. l
A moukey and auake show struck
Jaokson Kriday atteruoou last. Tbe
proprietor gave an exhibition from
bis own wagon on a vacant lot on
Water street, and those nttending say
it was a creditable ullair. The show
man makes a busluess of soiling
monkeys, and llnds no trouble in
disposing of these mischievous ani
mals .it gnud prices. In fact, he cau
not get tbo monkeys fast enough to
supply tbe demand; How many in
Jackson wore cuptiviited by tho
monUey shine business to the extent
nf .investing we have not learned.
Mips Hqttie Hetninghofen ot Mokel
umne Hill, was in Jackson Wednes
day bidding her friends gnodby, on
tbe eve oi 'ier departure for New
York, to visit a married sister there.
Sl'o expects to be away a year. She
lett yesterday via the Amador
Central, and will proceed direct to
New York.
J. Urigga was n passenger on tbe
stage for Murtell yesterdny morning
bound for Sacramento to meet hia
witn from England. it is six yeare
since tbey parted in tbn old' country.
They will muke their home in this
city, having rented tbe turuisbed
residence formerly occupied by Phil
Roberts ou Stump streot. .
Mrs J. Cuueo and daughter left
yesterday morning for San Wranolscn.
on n abort visit with friends in
tl at? city. \
It may he 6tuted now, wit hunt
any doubt, that the Stata Khir which
opens in Sacramento on _thft twenty
eigbtb of this mouth ' will be tbe
best ever held iv California.
W. Il'.I I . Dixon, tbe manager of tbo
Ledger contest, left Kriday afternoon,
accompanied by Mrs Dixon, for
Sacramento. Tbey took au anto from
tbe local garage for lone, auil thence
by freight train for (Jalt.
The Angela brns9 band struck
lacksou Sunday evening, .homeward
bound from -an outing to Lmke
Tahoeand other mountain resorts,
During their brief stay in town tbey
gave a serenade on Main streot, and
proved themselves to be well up in
their profession.
Iho higgest clubbing otter ever
made. Amador Lodger aud Uulletln
tbe leading evening daily paper of
San Krancisco, only 83 per year, Iv
advance. Subscribe now.
The Corn inli Poet, published at
Camborne, 'Cornwall, Kng'and, an
nounces the wedding of Sidriey Dyer,
late of Jackson, to Miss Minnie
ben ill. of St. Day, Cornwall. The
Weddiug took place August U at St.
Day obur«h. The groom was known
iv Amador county as Uuernev, tbe
name of bis mi opted parents.
A dress was stolen from a box on
the porch of T. .'I. burrow's residence
ou I'itt streot a tow days ago.
Tbe trunk for hauling freight from
Martells to Jaokson was to make its
initial trip to-day. It will be run
witb two boreea. It has been fixed
witb a brake that operates to a
nicety. ;: i
A new state traveling library of CO
volumes hnt just been received, nt
Kubaer'a pharmacy, [tor free circu
lation.
On ThuidHiiv, Friday. Saturday
and Sunday, a win'lßtorm of unusual
force ooourred In the bigb aierrus in
tbe vicinity of Silver lake. Such
storms are usually precursors nf rain,
but not a drop of moisture followed
this long nontinued blow.
Johnny Love returned from Klik
wood's on Thursday, after a two
months' stay in the mountains for
bla liohlUi.
Urban tipagnoli, Miss Koma Upag
uoll and Mies Uraoe Sutherlaud
returned from a weeks' visit at
Kirkwoods on Wednesday last.
OOCUMENTB RECORDED.
I'l'hn following Instruments hAve ri<>fn filed
lor mcord In tne rerordnr'n offlcn nlnoa onr limt
report. We publish a complete lUt of docu
ment* recorded, »nd miiNt decline to Accede to
on; request, to xuppreM any document from
the.*>> column*. Don'taflk un to do to
Deeds— Tnomas 11 Kiohards to
Elizabeth Klabards, part or Jot 8
l.'lonk it, Amndor City, deed ot gilt.
I'hoebe liidhnrd to Matilda Dennis,
nart (if lot 1(1 hlouk 523, Hultor Creek,
•5. ,v.
Mortgnges-C D Chnpninn to 11 H
Tallou, lota 20 and DO, block 2, Jack
son, iI'JOO, payable thirty days after
demnud with iutereet at tbu rate ot
ten per aent per annum
Water Right,-"!' J I'blllipa locates
liid inches In tlarabury gnlob near
Utewart's reservoir. Vnlonno, for
domeatlo, irttgation and mining pur
poses.
I'roof of Labor— (leo W iladley on
'iroßniire U ill gravel claim on lot .'I in
4-V-12.
Satisfaction of Mortgage— Reynolds
to Cuannifiti.
Nottiry liond-Johh illowcr Ulea his
bond as notary public with C O
Devore. L. U (Jrltllth, Oeo H Hrown
and R M Hrown. each qualifying In
tbe mini of 82500.
Fatal Fall.
An acoidout that terminated fatally
Iv a few buu'rs occurred at Volcano
during Wednesday ui«ht. the victim
boinj? au Italian namod Antone
Katto, aged 80 years. Deceased and
brother named linn ({otto lived in a
cabin ou tbe edgo of the town. They
occupied themselves by doiqg a little
Hardening. Tho cnliin stands ten feet
from tbo ground, a Might of steps
loading up to the doorway. During
the night the older brother. Antnne,
arose trom his bed, nnd attempted to
ro through the door, fulling to the
bottom of tho steps. How it happen
ed no one knows, lie whs found by
his brother shortly pftßrward?, ;Bnd
medical aid was summoned. He sus
tained internal iujuries, aud although
semicouscious for v »whlle, ho" wus
unable to give any acoount of tho
mishap, Hulfeting sn Intensely fiorn
internal' iujuries. lie died Thursday
nfternuou. Deceased waa a gardener
at the I'nriiiuino pluce in Jackson for
a number of years. Besides the
bmtbor'in Volcano, ho leaves' a
brother at Mnkelumue Hill. IJe
waa au uncle i:f Hose Katto of the
National hotel, nnd Joe Katto of the
Union livery stable ot this city.
He cudio to Arnador county in IS3(J
or 1H57 from Italy, lie never learned
the Knglish lauKnac;e. 'It is thought
that be has a family in the old
country, but nothing is definite! v
known on Hint point, *
City Real Estate.
We sell largo improved lots in the
heart uf the city of Santa Cruz. Lots
10x100 villa Bites. Prices SIOO to
8300 Terms if desired. Discount
for cash, l ( 'or phamphietfl and further
information call, write or phnne, K.
N. Rd wards, National Hotel.
Marriage Licenses.
'Two rnartiago Jioouses were issued
on last Tuesday as follows :
Uuisoppo IJianchi, Italy, aged M.
■ esidiug at Juckson and Louisa C.
Uoveucenzi, California, aged 21,
residing ut Volcauo.
Dun to llardoni, Italy, Aged 525,
residing at Stockton, aud Delia M.
Mori, aged 21. residing at Janksou.
If you haven't tbe time to exeroise
regularly, Douu's Kegulotu will pre
vent constipation, 'lbey iiiduco a
mild, easy, healthiul action of the
howela without griping. Aek your
druggist for them. 'J'2sc.
Silver Wedding.
David Kerr celebrated tbe 25tb an
niversary of bis weddiug ono day this
week iv an appropriate manner, with
a number of intimate friends and
relatives. The iuterestlng affair was
held at the resicleue, at Kerr station
near Mattell depot. Au enjoyable
time was had by all, aud tbe oouplo
were tbe recipients of a number of
appropriate pieseuts. ' *
MILTON DAVIS WANTED.
Milton DaviH and his brother will
learn something to their adrnntage
by oommunlcutiug with Mrs W. S.
Davis, blast Auburn, California. Tho
Davis boya aio supposed to ho min
ing somewhere iv Amador couuty.
Their friends will kindly call their
attention to the above.
Washington's Plague Soots.
lie iv tbe low, marshy bottoms of
tbe I'otomao tbe breedings round ot
malaria germs. Thoso gerina cause
chills, fever aud ague, biliousness,
jaundice, lassitude, weakness - aud
general debility and biing suffering
or death to thousands yearly. Hut
Electriu Hitters never tail to destroy
thorn aud, oure mularla troubles.
"I'bey are the bent all-rouud tunic
aud cure tor malutlu 1 ever used,"
writes U. M. Jmuev, ot Louelleu, K.
U. Tbey nuro Htomaob. Liver,
Kidney aud Ulood Tfoublua inul will
prevent Typhoid. liy tbeiu, Wa,
(Juarauteed hy Juokaou Drutc titore,
tipaguoli I'rop.
City Work
The city nuthorltiea are laylug n
line of Jarge tener pipe acrofin the
Sutter Creek road, near tho old HoiT
man residence. The pipe la for the
purpone of oattylng otf surface water.
It la being laid at n Btifllnient depth
to avoid all danger of breakage by tho
passing of heavy loaded freight teams.
The city is negotiating for the
privilege of nalog the rock ot tbe
Alma mine dump for street purposes.
The rock la said to be good material
for macadam, and tbe oity ia ready to
pay a rnnsonHhle price for tbe rook.
It is handy for nee ou the etreeta Iv
the northern part of town, and would
gave hauling for nearly a mile ftom
tbe Anita dump, which ia the present,
ante source of aupi.ly. Tbe cost of
hauling the extra distance ia greater
than a reasonable purchase price for
tbe material at tbe proposed source
of Riipply. Ho far*tbe city b::n beeo
unnble to make any definite arrange
ments for the rock.
To Be Sold For
Delinquent Taxes.
The mill) of tbe Dwitt property fa'
Murphy's ridge is advertised to take
place to-morrow, by order of the
state controller, In front of tbe court
house. A man named F>verett of
Calaveruß has petitioned tor the sale.
Tbe pVoperty comprises mineral nnd
farming land. The Odd Kollowu lodge
of Jackson has a mortgage on a
portion, nud tbis part was allowed to
go delinquent oue year, nnd has nevor
been redeemed. Tney are anxious to
redeem, n:ni this part will^likoly lie
segregated, and excluded from tho
sale.
Tiip.ro will bo no dull days at tho
State I'nir, lid every day will have its
big special event.
BORN.
JONES. — In I'Jlectru, August 25, I'JU!),
to tho wife of Will Joues, a son. ,
BURKOW.-lri Jackson, August 25,
190!), to the wife of T. J. Hurrow,
a dauglitor.
MOi!UOW-li: Hntttor Creek, August
a:j, 100!), to the wife ot Charles
Morrow, a daughter. v
. DIED
KETCHAM. — lv Woodbridge. Au-
gust '2U, 1909, Kihurd White Ketahara,
a uative ot New York, aged 81 years.
KHLKIi. —In Silver City. Nev.. An-
gust 2*4, 190'J, AmiolEhler, a uativo
of Calif ornia,uged 2S yearn.
IJATTO. —lv Volcauo, August 'JO,
1909, Antouio Katto, a uative ut
JWIy. aged 80 years.
Took tfie Advice.
Johnny was told to "climb tho ladder."
When grown he followed the plan,
And now ho climbs a ladder each night—
lie's a "second story" man.
' — Cblcaso News.
Her Birthday.
«. Timo was that once a year It came
Till she was twenty-live.
Now Bho will doubtless stay the same
As long as she's alive.
—New York Telegram, t
Method.
The Tcaclior— Why do you ninke
mischief so that I have to 'keep you
after school every nljiht?
Tho Pupil— ltccuz dere's a bis kid
layln' fer me outside.— Cleveland Lead
er.
June, tho Vacation Month.
I sins of June, the gladsome time
Of brldoa and eko of roses.
And just to lnalio another rhyme
I sins of sunburned noses!
—Judge.
The Scheme of Things.
Nothing is perfect. There's no sky
But clouds along It sweep.
Why, even on tho Great" White Way,
Alas, wo sec black sheep!
—New York Life.
What Do You Know?
"Why is 4 tho suburbanite's little
patch called v garden of Kden?"
".Give it up."
."Because there's so much eve work
about it."— Boston Globe.
Only Two Blades.
I make two blades of grass to grow
Where only ono last year did blow,
And if at this rate I keep on
In eighty yeurs I'll have a lawn.
—Washington Herald
Difficulties of the Chase.
Tho crcutuiC3 which so gayly flit
Through many an Afrlc dell
Aro doubtless very hard to hit
And harder yet to Bpell.
—Minneapolis Journal.
Method Generally Adopted.
Rlrci'H (dipping his pen in tho Ink)—
Tell tnO v diplomatic way to cull a
man v 1 1« r.
Hrooks— Ahvuys select a smaller wail
than you aro.— Chicago Tribune.
Aerial Amenities.
Said tho lightning to the aeronaut.
"You'd better got from under."
Said tlio ueronaut to the lightning-,
"Aw, will you go to thunder?"
— Llpplncott's Magazine.
Ono of Many.
My wife says I'm a senlus—
Invent things while you wait—
And my specialty Is excuses
When I chance to stay out late.
—Minneapolis Journal.
Mixing Crops.
"1 accused Casblt of being a wheat
•peculator."
"What did be sayj"
"Ho acknowledged the corn."—Haiti
more American.
Does not CZoSor the Hair
Ingredients of Ayer's Hair Visor
Sulphur. Destroy* germ* that came dandruff and
falling hair. Cure* rashes and eruption* of scalp.
Glycerin. Soothing, healing. Food to the hair hulht. *
Qiiinin. A «tron« tonic, antiseptic, stimulant.
Sodium Chlorid. Clcantlnst, quiet* Irritation of icalp.
Cnpik um. Increases activity of eland*.
Sage. Stimulant, tonic. DomcHlc rtmedy of hlrth merit
Alcohol. Stimulant, antiseptic Water. Perfume. , ,
Show this formula to your doctor. Ask him if there \% a single injurious ingredient.
Alk him if he thinks Aver* Hair Vigor, at made from this formula, Is the best prcpa- '
ration you could u*c for failing hair, or for dandruff. Let him decide. He knows. !
■T. I. Atr.n CoMivmT, T<i«p|l. Mnw».
COTJ2STX' TIKE DOTS.
Pie© 1 ZE^zeo I
Over 83000 in ptizoa given away to those sending tbe neatest correct ans^crj
Do You Want a PIANO?
Do You Want a SEWING MACHINE ?
t Do You >Vant a PHONOGRAPH?
If So, Enter This Contest.
Ihe Scbulz I'iuno Company has Riven us a certaio amount tor advertii- ■
iv« purposes. Other piano tnctories not to be outoue, have given ev< c
more. 'J'bis given us n large sum to distribute in tbe following novel nuinnu
for advertising purposes and eaves the heavy expense of advertising in
magaziuea and by piauu ealesmeu.
Ist « jrnnil Prize, 8400.00 Mnbosany case piano,
2nd prize, Drophoad eewiue macliine,
:srd " 810.00 I'bonograph aud li records,
4th " 8(5.C0 Violin,
sth " 840.00 (J u itnr,
Ctb " 830.00 Mandolin.
500 Art Fiotiirea will bo given away to those wbo call at our atore nnd
other obhli value prizes to tbe value ot BHUUO will be given to contestants.
Kveryone aMswering will be rewarded.
Its Easy, simply count the dots within tbe ontliue ut' tbo p'atm anil
lady, do not count the dota ou the fucu.
Answer to Iho best of your ability whether correct or not, everybody
that anweia will Bhare iv tbe 85000 casn value distribution. In former oou-
tests, prizes have beeu evonly distributed.aud tlioso liviug out of towu wili
have tho same chauco ua tbouo iv town.
iistilil
*' 'a ' " <**%•»'«»»»«» »«»»«} \»»« »♦•»!«»
•••%* »•:•♦.»•*.*»•*•••♦» ••••••/* s^»*iV ••••!! •;
,\.:\\.\,\ :y t-»«*»:\.»:«»*/\%%t -»«*»:\.»:« » */\ %% />v» t* * '
\....... ..^ /,.»,»»«»» » , » , ft** . •(•*,*«• .* \ »»•.••* *i* »\
y ■■/:»:% v.:;:V:»'^ % ix<\V /.vV>- ■v-*yl
, CON DII'IONS.
Only, one in a family aud no one encaged in tbe musio businesn, nt
employee ot tbis ttore or winner of prizes. iv our former contests, will )■»■
eligible as coutestants.
The representatives of tbe Stockton papers will act an judges.
Tbe (ontest will be run tuirly and cuntustuuts r-'.ust abide by tbe 'Ih
cisiou of tbe judges.
If no one scuds a correct answer, the prizes will be awarded to those
sending tbe nearest cotrect.
if more than one correct answer is sent in, neatness will be considered
in making the awards,
Ooutest closes at 4. Hi. Aug. 31, 1909,
iSeud your answer witb full name and address to
McNEIL CO., CONTEST DEFAKIMXT,
Elks' liuilding.
Stockton, Cal.
Dr. Endicott Will Visit East
Dr. E. K. Endicott has been elect
ed delegate to tbe grand lodge of
Eagles to represent tbe local lodge.
Tbe grand lodge meets in Omaha on
September 13 to 18 inclusive. lie
will leave here about the 7tb or Btb
of next month, lie will meet the
other delegates from tbis state at
{Stockton, and from there proceed In
a special oar via the Hiuitu Ke route
to Omaha. Tbe cur will carry for
advertising purposes, an exhibit of
tbe products of this state, aud Dr.
Endioott will take along* somo
mineial specimens ho that .\tnadur
county may be represented. lie ban
arranged for some gold uuet;ets Irani
tbe Garibaldi and Hautirfn gravel
claims at Volcano, lieiore bo returns
the doctor will visit his old borne in
Missouri. It is eleven years since hu
tsuw the homo folks, lie expects to
be gone about v month.
A Faithful Friend.
"llihvb used Chamberlain 'h Colic,
Cboleru and Diarrhoea Kemedy since
it was llrnt introduced' to the publio
in 1872, aud bttvo never found one
iußtauce where a oure was not
speedily elfected by its use, 1 have
beeu a commercial traveler for
eighteen yeats, and never start out
ou a trip without this, my faithful
friend," saya H 8 Mobols of Oak
luud, Ind. I or. WbsD a man bae usd
a remedy for thirty-live years ho
knows ita value aud is competent to
apeak cf It. Kor tittle by Jackson
Drug Htore. Simguoli Prop.
SUPERIOR COURT
PROCEEDINGS
HON. F. V. WOOD, JUDGE
U-tateof Percy ilyron Mace. — Fioult
aocouut UJed; September 4 sot. for
bearing.
Estate, of Kuby Josephine Mace.—
Final account lied. September i nnl
for bearing.
Katate of Agostino Uiasotti— b'ino?
aooount Ulud. September 4 set. fi:i
bear lug.
Estate ot Annie X Alleu— b'iuu]
aocouut aud petition tor distribnticc
died. Heariug set for September i.
Instate of H Upton, deceised— D«
creo eatablishing notice to creditors
IDHdo.
Most disrigurlng skin eruptions
Borotula, pimples, arsbes, etc., an
due to impure blood. Hurdook
Ulood liitteit) is a cleansing Mom
touic. Makeu you clear-eyed, clear
brained, oleur-skiuued.
A. BASSO
i
Jackson's Harness Man
Main street, opposite Globe Hotel
The IliiPMt üßsortmont o( HurnevH in Jankaoa.
Anytlilnv lit the Uurueus Him van t>» had »'•••••
rtUßouutilii ruu-n.
AU kinds of repair work done.
Boots and Shoes repaired. uu2oTHE DIRECT
PRIMARY LAW
fully Explained by Its
Author
Here Is Senator Wright's exposition
• H the liiw which libih-h hit* iihiiio.
Cut it out for reference.
San Diego, Cal.,, Jnly l(i, 19Ct>.
lion. C. T. Cmry,
Secretary of Htate.
Hiicriur.cnto, California:
MniirHlr: At your rcquost nu<l foi
the purpoao of giving (he voter a
clear and comprehensive grasp of tbe
California direct primary law, I
Lave prepared tbo following state
ment of its provisions, In narrative
form, stripped of all legal verbiage.
Under the old convention system
i arty cuudid&tes were nominated by
tbe majority vote of assembled dele
tt'atoa. The uew j direc: primary law
provides that ail party candidates
itball be uominated by tbe voters ot
tbe respective political parties. Each
party voter will now discharge the
duty which lieretotore devolved upon
tbe party convention delegate. The
jiriiniiry eleotiou, therefore, will
lieroat'ter perform tbe function ot
party couveutious.
Two methods remain ot olitmuiuß a
Lomination fur ulllco. l'arty nomi
nation must be made in tbe manner
Itovided uuder the direct primary
law euacted by tbe state legislature
)q 1909., Independent uotuitiotious
way be made by petitlous signed by '.i
per cent ot the voters of tbe district
fcr which tbo uomiuatiuu is to be
made.
All party nominations for tbe
General election, hold in November,
rill be made at a primary election
I. eld on tbe nrecediug tbird Tuenday
Id August.
Heparate and distinct plinted
I allots in blocks ot 100 tor each poli
ttaal party will be provided at the
tolls. The republican ballot' wMJ
contain tbo umuo of eucb republican
sspiraut for nomiuattou who has
complied with the provisions of tbe
primary luw and who is entitled to
receive republican voteo. This is
clso true of tbe ballots of the
democratic, socialist and other
partie?.
Conducting Primaries
The primary electiou at the polU
conducted in every respect as at a
general election. Ibe voter stamps
i-u X iv the square opposite tbe name
cf bis choice for a candidate for
eanb office for which tbe nominations
«re to be made, tbe same as be may
stamp it In tbe nqi^re. opposite the
i.iima ct hi -i choice tin* each orlice at
*. general election. Tbe primary
election oltlceriS perform tbe same
innotiouß as tbe general election
oncers, and ballots are folded and
cast as at a geueral election.
ibe votes at tbe close of tbe polls
j-.re counted in the manner of general
elections, and tbe returns are made
to.tbe board of supervisors, or proper
election oommissiouere. The re
turns ure tbeu canvassed iv tbe
mauuer "applicable to general
elections uud the candidate lor
liominatiou teceiving tbe highest
number of votes is declared tbe
uomiuee of bis party. Thus, if tbere
i-boulii be two or more candidates for
governor upon tbe republican ticket
and two or more candidates tor the
■joniiriuion of governor on the demo
cratic ticket, tbe person receiving
tbe highest number .of republican
votes at.tbe primary election would
be declared tbe republican cominee
tor governor, aud the democratic
candidate tor übmipatioi! receiving
tbe highest number of democratic
votes would bo declared the deuio
vratio nominee for governor. Iv this
manner the nominations are made
tor eucb ofllce by each political
party.' Thus, by tbe use of separate
ballots, all parties muke their nomi
nations at tbe direct primaries pre
•i led over by the i-auio officers ot
election.
What Aspirants Must Do.
In order that an aspirant for a
party nomination may have bis name
priuted upon tbe party ballot and be
roted for at tbe primary election, be
must comply with certain require
ments.
If ho is v CMudidate for an office to
lie voted for at a November eleotiou
be must at leact :U) dayß prior to tbe
tbird Monday in August, tile nomi
nation papers.
It ho is a oundidate for a Htate office
these nomination papers must be tiled
with the secretary of state; if for v
county offioe, with the county clerk,
and it for a City ottlce, with tbe city
• clerk.
Tho nomination papers couslst ot
the atiiduvit of a given .number of
qualified electors, stating tliut tney
' are eluctura, tbe preoiuct in which
Miey vote, and that tbey nominate
the persou uumed as a candidate for
tbe nomlnutlou of tbelr party, for the
office denlgnutod, and also stutlnu
that tbey will support tbe oaudidute
named. The nomination paper n-ju
sMst of tbe tequlrerl iitinmnr of Ihn
sworn stntomontp," together with (he
alUdavlt of the oamlldnto. In which
be states, utnniiu other things, the
name of the party and tbe oflloe for
wblob he desires to be a candidate;
that he alUllaterl with bit party nt
tbe lust general election, and that if
nominated he mil nocept tbe nomi
nation and not withdraw, and that he
will qnallf.y us snoh olllcnr if nonii
unlod and eleoted.
For the purpnse nf obtaining the
iicuesHiiy signaturos to the nomination
papers,' tbe candidate may appoint
• inn oc more verification deputies,
who slinll qualify by filing with tin
county clerk mi iiflltnvlt stHtlag thai
he Ims bo3ti designated hh suet
deputy iiuil that hi obtaining Mm si«
uatures he will observe tbo eloctlut
laws of the State ot California in 8(
fur aa they tiro applicable. The Jan
provfdea tbnt a voter 'shall Hlgn bul
oiih iKiniluiition pnper for the 'same
olllce. Nomination papers shall he
bouuri together by precinct?, arranged
alphabetically br siiruanitia utid
numbered. If the nomination pifpore
are for a candidate to bo voted tor, in
iiiuri) than one county, they may' be
iiuu ml together by counties.
c'buuty Ulerk'a Duty.
It is niiuln tbe duty of the county
clerk to examine all nomination
pupora and ascertain it the Biguerti
uro qualified voterß, ami lie shall affix
Ilia certificate to tbe nomination
papers, reciting that be liuh examined
tlioui, and statins the number of
signatures, and if tbe nomination
papers aie for a candidate to be
voted for in more limn ntie cojnty.tbe
nomination pnpers with tbe certitlcßte
of the clerk uttanhed must be for
warded to the secretary of state fnr
filing. At luHst i!,"i days before tbe
August piiuinry the secietury of ntato
must ijertlfy a list to ek;b oounty
clerk containing tbe niinitM and post
office address of eacb person fcr
wln.ni uominotion papers hnve" been
tiled in his ottloe, together with a
designation ot the ottice for which
Hiich pei'do'i is a' oandidate and tbo
party he represeute.
A candidate for a state olllce or
United IStatea senator must tile uotiii
mitiou pane'ra with eiguature's repre
seutmg In their BKgregate not Jess
than 1 tiur moie^lban JO per cent of
tbe total vote ot bis party in the
state, uud these signatures must come
from at least ID diil'eieut counties,
and from euah county the sinuutmes
must represent at loast 1 per cent of
tbe party vote in each couuty.
A caudidate | for represeutlvu in
consress or any u<lii:e voted tor in
any district conr prising more than
two counties, and less than tbe eutiie
etate, must file nomination papers
eontainiug signatures representing at
least 2 per cent of tbe voters of his
party, in such territory, .and tbe
signatures must cotue from nt least
one-tenth of all j tbe election pre
cincts in each of at luasc one hult ot
the counties comprising the dietrict.
The signatures, must oggreagate not
less than 2 percent nor more thau 10
per cent of the total party vote, of
such district.
A a to Candidates for Congress
A candidate for representivo in
ooDgiese or other office to bo voted
for in a district comprising two
counties must liln nouiiuatidu pu|iora
signed by at Jeatt 2 per cent of tbe
voters of bis p.uty in tacli territory,
uud tbey umst come from at leust
one-sixth ot tbe eleotinu preoiuota of
eaob "ounty. i'he siguatures must
aggiegute not less tliau 10 per ceut ol
tne total party vote iv such district.
A candidate for office voted for en
tirely within one cuuuty, or city, or
otber political subdivision, must tile
a petition signed by ut Jenst H. por
ceut of tbe party vote iv eucb district
and those signatures must come from
at least one-fourth ot all tbe election
precincts within the district from
winch such otllcer is to bo voted for.
Xbe sigueta ruust aggregate not less
tbau ii per ceut nor more ititin 10 per
ceut ot tbe total party vote in bucli
district.
Xbe basis nf percentage is upon
tbe ptuty vote for presidential eleotor
recoivlug the greatest number of
votes at tbe last presidential election.
Jf a political organization or party
i had no candidates for presidential
i electors at tbe last pieuediug pru
i Bideutial election, but iihi! individual
' uominiifag .who pulled !) per cent «f
tbe total vote caet lit such election,
i then tbia Hbull form tbe basis nf
i estimating \tbo peicoutage required
) fur c.iudidatea from sucb politolal
■ orgauizatiou. - .
A Uliug fee ot 82') is cbarc.ed tor
' llliuv! uoDiioatiou papers witb/tho
> BHOietary of statt), except for uieinbeiu
' of tbe state legislature. When niuiii
• nation papers are tiled with tbo
r oouuty olerk'the fue- Is 810, except
that uofeo la charged for tbe nouil
t ntitioii p«ptTH ot a candidate for an
f oilliiß that pays tio uuaipeusatiou.
■f Election uotloea must be published
i hy the obiinty clerk with the propur
9 party deslKDatinu glviug the title -to
i iiuub oillCH, tin) MMmes and addresses
s of nil persoua for. whom uuuiiuatiou
papers have b»ou tiled. di»te of
election, tho hours during which tbo
polling 'places will be opened and
designating tbo polling places In eaob
iirpclnct. This notloe mast be
publisbod.for at least two weeks prior
to the election and must contain a
lift or all odiums for which nnml
oations nre to be mntlo nt the forth
coming primary election.
Election Supplies
The law makes It the duty of tbe
county clerk to furnish tbo elnotlou
supplies and election ballots for each
party, and the law prescribes tbe
form and size of the ballot.
Within time to allow for the cor
rection of nnv HiTin-a tbnt may -occur
in tbe ballots, tnmple ballots are to
he submitted, to the chairman of the
various putty committees.
Jt Is the duty of tbe officials
charged with the canvass of tbe pri
mary election returns to cause tp be
isßued certificates of nomination to
each candidate who baa received Mm
highest number of votes uf his patty,
and it is the duty of tlin secretary of
state to Issue nominations certificates
to alt candidates nominated for.rep
resentatives in conaress mid officers
votod for in more limn one couuty.
Tbe secretary of state shall also
certify to each couny clerk tbe name
of every person nominated at the
piimary election who \a to be voted
for in more than one county and
whoso name is to appear on * tbe
Konenl election ballot to be naed at
tbe November election.
Jt has also been mad» the duty of
the secretary of state to compile the
advisory vote for United Htates
senator in congress and send n state
ment uf tbe. same to the- speaker of
tbe assembly and the president of
tbe senate on tbe first day of tbe
ensuing session.
llio act deslgnatos tbe purposes for
which expenses may be legally iiv
curred by candidates seekrtiw nomi
'nntiou at tbe primary election. '.I' he so
legitimate expenses include tiliug
fee, oirculation and vorif yie-g iioini
natiou papers, tbe candidates' person
al expense of travel, rent iwjfi neces
sary furnisbiugs of halls- 1 or rooms
during tbe campaign for pubilt) meet
iug3, or committee's headquarters;
expenses of speakers and m<i»ta2aDs at
public rueetiugs; printing and dls
tiibution of ciroulura, pamphlets,;
newspapers, cards, handbills and *an
uoaDcemeuts relating to candidates
or political issues; roßsoualuifv com
pensation for challenges at tbe polls:
tnakiiiK oanvßES for votes, cletk hire;
exporises tor conveying inlrtero 01 dis
abled voters to or from tbe polls.
Campaign Expenses.
Tbe sum which n candidate '■'- f or
nomination is permitted, to spend is
hasted on tbe vote at tbe East preced
lug electiou. __ it the total vote within
tbe district at the last preceding
election did not exceed SfflfiO, a candi
date may expend S'25U. ! Fur each 100
voters ovtr 5000 and under 25,000, 82
for eauh 100 voters. For each 100
voters over 2u,000 and. under 50,000,
SI; and tor each 100 voters over 50,
000, 50 cents. The basis of tbe vote
Pbr estimated expenditures is upon
the total vote, and not upon tbe
party vote. Thus, if them is a total
republican, demnctatto and socialist
vote of 5000, a party candidate for
nomination uuty expend in such
district 8250. While if tbe total vote
was 10,000 a party candidate could
expend 8:i5O. If there should be 250,
O'JO votes in the district, tbe candi
date for nomination could spend 8250
for Ibe first 5000, 8400 for tbe next
'JIO.UOU votes, 18250 for tbe next 25,000.
and 81375 far tbe reinmuiug 75,000,
making a total of $1,275 in the dis
trict which cust a total of 250.000
votes. >
The direct primary law provides for
political conventions. liluuk spaces
nre left at The bottom of the- last
column of eauh party ticket iv which
the voter may write or paste ■ tbe
uatue or naoiHß cf electors as dele
gates to his party convention, j Party
conventions are empowered to for
mulate platforms and transact any
other business not in conflict with tbe
direct primary laws.
Stuto conventions shall be held
within four weeks . after the Augnst
primaries at a time and 'place ''desig
nated by tbe state central committee.
Ibe state central committee is re
quired to tile, ."i0 days prior -to tbe
August primal y election, a written
petition with the secretary of state
and to mail a copy of same to each
chairmau. This petition atllxua the
day uud place of holding the stuto
convention, tbo number of delegates
entitled to seats, and tbe number of
delegates apportioned to each county,
together with a brief statement of
tbe purposes for which the convention
will meet. Delegates to the state
couveutlon from a county are select
ed by the county convention.
In Presidential Veurs
The act also provides for a May
oouvention in Mm year iv wbiuh a
presidential election ia to be held,
wbiob is called iv tne sumo manner
us other state conventions and the
delegates to tbe May oouveutiou. are
liUowini) olected by tbe county ooo
volitions. The May party oouveutluus
elect delegates t«> tbe uutiouul con
vention to nominate cuudldatos tor
president and vloe president of tbe
United aiatei. ■'
County conventions must ,be hold
within two weeks utter the August
primary and are called by tbe chair
man and secretary of the county com
mittee filing with the county clerk
a petition stating the date and place
of holding the couuty convention,
and the number of delegates entitled
to seats therein, and also tbe number
of delegates apportioned to each
election preolnot or subdivision of
tbe count)*. The petition must also
contain brief statement of tbe pur
poses for which the convention will
be held and a copy of the petition
mutt be mailed to, eaob committee
man witbin tbe county. J'be dele
gates to tbo county convention are
elected at the August primary by the
voter writing or pasting the names of
candidates* In the blank spaces left
on (be official party ballot.
Mnnicipal conventions may be
called in tbe same way aud delegates
may be selected as they nre to
county conventions.
City and county central committees
are elected by the party convention
and state,, county nnd municipal
cential committees are authorized to
select from tbeii Dttmher an executive
committee wbicb may bave charge of
tbe political campaign.
Tbe several wttteors and committees
of pnlitriiittl parties novr Id existence
are auttberized to e*orc?fs« tbe powers
ot such' o'flioein and eoionritteemea
until tbcrvr suercesa«r» are chosen, as
provided under tbe direct piimary
law, and cenitraP KarajfailSee nro
authorized- to file vrwamcies in nomi
nations which may ucunr after
primary elections ar# hold.
Klecfcion Expense- Aeconb&a
Tbe law requires eaob candidate
for nomination witliirv 2H day? alter
tbe primary election 'JS'Hlwit verified
etatetaeut setting forth by items the
money oxpe-urJud by IS inn or duurlcr
bis direction' or in bis behalf in bis
effort to secure- rioiniutitioß. This
statement etlell be fll«* viith tbe
officer autbaciaed 1 to isaoe tbe eeititi
cuto of nomination for the oWae for
wbicb be waft a candidate, aud a
duplicate' hlui.ll. be tiled) with tbe
county recorder of the eoontsy in
wbiob be resides, and imo- cortiiffleate
of nomination shall ho tosued unless
such statemeub has been Mted. Tbe
law' makes it a- misdiimeoM-or to bribe
a person to»ign a tinminattou. paper
or for any person fa. Suppress a noiui
uatlon paper,, and ail ofta-nses against
tbe general election laws shall ailso
be an off ease couoernkuft primary
eleotlons.
V'ours veny truly,.
luKhUJiY to. WKiUMT.
DANGER IN DELAY
Kidney Diseases Are Too Dangerous
'for Jackson Peoplfeto Neglect.
Tbe great danger at kidney troubles
is that tbey get a nVia bold before
tbe Bufll»ier recognizes them. Wtmlth
is gradually undermined. Baebaobe,
headache, nervousnecia r lameueas r soie
ness, ' lumbago, uirtnaiy tvonbles,
dropsy, diabetes and Utigbt's disease
follow in meroiles s-uoceesion. Don't
uegleek your ktdu«ys. Care the kid
neys with tbe certain and sate
renxwly. Uoan's Kidney bills, which
has cureil pnjple light bere in this
locality. . >
Henry Teheau. 21 S. Sao Joaqnln
Hfr., Stooktou, CaL, says: "1 eutfer
ed from kidney trouble for a long
time and in spite of the many
remedies ■ usacJ, I gradually grew
i worse. My bladder was much in
flamed and tbe kidney secretions were
highly colored, contained a sediment
and tbe passages were, attended by
a burning sensation. 1 bad severe
pains across my back and could
nindly stoop, My attention whs
finally called to Dunn's Fills and 1
procured a box. lam now enjoying
tbe bfist' of health and give Uoan's
Kidney Pill's the credit."
I'or snle hy all dealers. Price 50
cents. hostT-Milburn Co., Buffalo,
New York, sole ugeuts for tl^e United
States.
Kemember tbe name— Donu's-aud
take no other.
While engaged iv selecting a jury
in tbe Pettus case Wednesday, one ot
tbe principal excuses offered when
all others tailed was that tbeveiro
mun had a striug of about fourteen
cows at borne with no one to milk
tbetr. Finally the judge asked the
bailiff if tbere were any idle men
about town who could be pressed into
service as milkers in case of neces
sity. Tho tallitf mentioned tho
uames judge Howard, city attorney
llrny and attorneys t'red Irwiu and
Abe Darlington, aud vouched tor
their ability to servo as milkmaids,
ttii'd tbo "old excuse a\ic\n't ga any
more. — Nugget.
Tbe best remedy we know ol iv all
cases of Kidney uud liludditr troubles
aud tbe one we always can recom
mend, is DeWitt'a Kiduey and blad
der I'illH. They vie autisoutio aud at
once ussist the kidneys to preform
tbelr Icupoitaut work. Hut when
you usk for tleae pllla be positive
that you get DeWitt'a Kidney nnd
liluddor Pills. There ure imitation
placed upon sale to deceive you.
Uet UeWitt'B. Insist upon them,
and If yoiU'B dealer ounnot supply you
-refuso anything eho m place of
them. Sold by City Pharmucv, V,
W. tiusber Piop. .
Children Cry
FOR FLETCHER'S
CANTOR I A
WAn Weal f% Perfect for |g
•rosso* Tooth Paste ' :fZ5?y Teeth and Gums *»*»«
Absolutely Free M Absolutely Free
A full weight tube of this [ ,^.]l Send your name and lid-
delightful tooth paste free to I I*4 Al dress on a postal s»n<! we vvi-ll
anyone mailing this ad with }' fnml mail you our three nrw Com*
4 cents in stamps to cover 'jS^'M Hete catalogues, fiee, posta^r
postage. ] JSL££iil\ prepaid.
. The Ov/1 Drug Company
611 Mission Street Mail OrJrr IVJfflftmf'ii S*" P-0.-^v^, r,.'/
' lr — -'
BANKING BY MAIL.
. <■ ■ . • •
' Do yml und.erstßUd tb»t? It tneane that yon can send one dollar
in rtnmpß wbloh will open » aartDß ncoonut with un; titan send na
any amonnt you like, any Hiiro*, from aoywhere and it will go to
yom credit. Your odd dnlliiFH trill thus bo safo and RtowiuK- Upet)
an account by mail. Write yt&nr iisimo nnd address very pJninly. ■»
CALIFORNIA NATIONAL BANK
4th & J Sts, SACRAMENTO,. Cal.
Assets over $1,000,000. .
; i '
I DRIFTED SSTOW FLOUR I
i It strengthens the systemiand) bmlds it up :J: J
i So when .you breakfast, dine or ?up r * \
\ .Be smre the bread that you 'do* eat :J: J
j Is maK^e from purest, best of wheat. ' ' \
| ■ DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR is. J
DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR J
T
! NORTF MAliff 3TKEET / ■ , JACKSON, CAL S
I CITY MEAT MARKET. \
\ ' 6EO. L. THOMAS* CO. •
Dealer in Gboice Beef, Muttony Park, Veal» Lamb, Hams, •
I Comcd Beef, Lardi. Bacon, Etc. S
! At lowest naarket pyices. > - - - Cfcders promptly delivered. •
! ' / ' • ' * ■ •
»•••••••♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
■ ' •' ■ ■ '
SAVE MONEY
BY USIN©
111 l PIONEER FLOUR
Secause it will make more loaves
>f bread to the sack than any
[)their. Made from strongest wheat
—MANUFACTURED BY—
©- PIQHER FLOOR MILLS. SACRAMENTO •
FURNITURE STORE
; Webb Building. JACKSON.
! L. C. WHITE ••• PROPRIETOR
Only Exclusive Furniture Store in Amador County. '
i Bedsteads,, Mattresses, Bureaus,
Tables, Chairs, Rockers, Desks,
Carpets, Matting, Linoleum, Window Shades
Ranges, Cooking and Heating Stoves
: Everything in tho housekeeping line may be found
at this storo, of up-to-date design and quality, and
. at reasonable prices.
Houses furnished Complete on liberal term.
Carpets fitted uml sewed to any sized room; a largo assortment
td seloct from. . .
Call and examiue the..lar«e and complete stock, aad get prices
before purchasing elsewhere.
Orders from the county will receive prompt attention.
IRurnituro Polish, Liquid Glue, and Insect Powder.
Second Hand x Furniture Bought, Sold or
\ ' Exchanged.
All kinds of Furniture Repair Work Done.
Silk Floss Mattresses made to order. /
k
kOFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National Oovernment.
President William H. Taft,
Vice President James 8. Sherman
TTTnitf"'T a TJV
.1 U I'IL/IA II V
U. 8. BUPREMK.COUKT JUBTIOEB
(Chief Justice Fuller)
First circuit Oliver W. Holms
Second circuit.,.. Rufus W. Peckham
Third circuit Henory W. Brown
'Fourth circuit Melville W. Fuller
Fifth circuit Edward w. White
Bljith circuit John M. Harlan
Seventh circuit ...William B Day
Eight circuit David J. Brewer
Ninth circuit. Joseph McKenna
NINTH JUDICAL CIRCUIT
1
(Pacific States and Territories)
Circuit judge William W. Morrow
Circuit judffo Esklre M. Rosa
Circuit judge .William B. Gilbert
U. S. Commlsßloaor for Amador coun
ty Richard Webb
LEGISLATIVE
SENATORS FROM CALIFORNIA
George C. Perkins and Frank Pf Flint
CONGRESSMEN FROM CALIFORNIA
First district Wm. Englebright
Second district. . .Duncan E. McKlnlay
Third dlstrsct . . .Joseph If. Knowland
Fourth district Julius Kahn
Fifth district E. A. Hayes
Sixth district James C. Need ham
Seventh district James McLachlan
Eighth district S. C . Smith
State Government.
EXECUTIVE
Governor .James N. Gillott
Lieut-Governor Warren It. Porter
Secretary of State. . . .Charles F. Curry
Controller. A. B. Nye
Treasurer Wm. 11. Williams
Attorney-General... Ulysses S. Webb
Surveyor-General /.Win. S. Kingsbury
Supt. State Printing.. W. W. Shannon
Clerk Supreme Court. . .F. L. Caughey
JUDICARY
• i . SUPKEMK COURT
Chief Justice Wm. H. Ceaty
Associate Justice ...T. B. McParland
Associate Justice.... '..F. W. HenshaV
Associate Justice W. G. Lorisran
Associate Justice F. M. Angellottl
Assoctate Justice Lucian Shaw
Associate Juatice. M. C. ' Sloss
"'-" apspell"ate justices
First district James A. Cooper
First district ....Samuel P. Hull
First district Frank 11. Kerrigan
Second district ...... Matthew T. Alfen
Second district James W. Taggart
Second district Victor E. Shaw
Third district Norton P. Chipmun
ThUd district Albert G." Burnett
Third district Elijah C. Hart
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
First district Joseph H Scott
Second district Alex Brown
Third district. . .... .Richard E. Collins
Fourth district Jeff D. McElvaine
RAILROAD COMMISSION
First district Alox C. Urwin
Second district Andrew M. Wilson
Third district.. Theodore Summerland
LEGISLATIVE
Sonator.'lOth district.... A. Caminettl
Assemblyman. 11th dist..G. P. Snydor
U. S. LAND OFFICE
[Sacramento] *
Register John F. Armstrong
Receiver.. John C. Ing
County Government.
Superior Judge. . .Hon. Fred V. Wood
Sheriff & Tax Collector. ..US Gregory
Deputy W. T. Connors
District Attorney O. P. Viciui
Clork and Auditor J.R. Huborty
j Deputy L - Newman
Recorder Thus. M. Ryan
Deputy L. G. Meehan
Treasurer GoOi'go A. Grition
Assessor 0« B« Jar vis
deputy : Guorgo A. Gordon
Surveior Wm. Brown
Supt. of Sohols \V. 11. Groenhalgh
Supt. Hospital F. B. LeMoln
Physician E. U. Endicott, M. D.
Corner & I'ubllo Admr. . .H. E. Potter
Court Commissioner.... Goo A Gordon
liOAKD OV SUPEUVISOK&
Township 1. .. .John Strontn, Jackson
Township 2 U. 11. liagley, lone
Township 3 A. Gylllo, Volcano
Township 4D. A. Frosei- Suiter Cfook
Township 5 L. Burko, Plymouth
[Chairman]
JUSTICES OF THfc! PEACH
Township No. 1 f A. Golduer
Township. No. 2 ....T. U.Gartllu
Township No. 3. A, W. Robinson
Towtmhlp No. 4 W. L. Rose
Township No. 5—../...5 — ../... John Blower
CONSTAULKB
Township No. 1.... A. Lavorone i
Township Np. 2 J. K. Kelley i
To.vushlp No. a T. C. MoKenze |
Township No. 4 ,T. S. Tattle i
Township No. 6. ......'. N. E. Wheolcr
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
Reported weeklr for the Ledger.
Making New liaoterla-A Drill with
a Grip— The New Coinage Metal—
Acid Uotroalon by Alaklino Water
—Strong Drink and Consumption—
A New Armor l'letoing llullot— llin
Kuniily Kitiomatoßraph— Air Polish*
Ing— Rat Lieatber.
Ono of the most remarkable of to
oont biological discoveries is that
certain liviag organisms may- be
artificially Impressed with a definite
net* character, which at once beoomes
Hereditary, and may be transmitted
to numberless generations. The
discovery was made about three
years ago Id Frankfort, where Mas
siui found that a bacterial intestinal
parasite cultivated in tbe presence
of milk sugar acquired the new pro- 1
norty of producing lactase, the
enzyme that decomposes milk sugar,
tihortly afterward a second bacterium
bavins the same peoulimity was
Doted by Hark, and since theh three
Others have been marie known by Dr.
Reimer Mueller. It appears that
when tbe culture of bacteria exhausts
its usual food, some ot the group
suddenly try , the new substance.
Thoße develop so rapidly as to rise
up above tbe others in tbe culture,
forming the "knoba" by which the
altered bacteria are reuoguizd. and
tb> acquired taste is retained and
banded down to other generations.
Dr. Mueller baa madn a eystematio
study of hundreds ot Kinds of
bacteria in the presence ot 18 sugars
nnd other carbohydrates. lie has
found many linotoriu that develop
tbe characteristic knobs with arabi
nose, (lulcirt 1 , Racsnbarnpe or other
material, but very few were affected
by moro tbau oue substance. Tv
pbold bacilli were altered in four
days on ngar containing oue per cent
of Uodulaite. Tbo plieuomeuu have
ptaatical value, snob as giving tbe
oboaiist reagents I'm detecting car
bohydrates, and tbe pbysiuiuu, tests
for iconguirzuß various diseases.
lv tbe novel elearotnagnetio drill
of Uurckbardt, a (ionium engineer,
electromagnets on both sides of tbe
drill spiudlo bold tbe machine ilrnily
agaiust tbe work and an electro motor
rotates tbe toul for drilling, counter
sinking or olbor operation. The
machine is designed fur shipyards
and machine shops generally.
Aluminum coins have been found
l.y abrasion experiments at the
I'ruuch mint to wear less rapidly than
I'.niiiH of gold,- silver orueven bronze.
Tbo recent conclusion that ull
boiler corrosion 1? a rusult of gal
vanic action is being questioned,
and another cause baa been brought
to tbe notice of tbe Society ot
Übemiul ludustry by <J. N. Huntloy.
In this case sulphur appears to have
produced tbe pitting of a boiler.
Increase in tbe caustic eodn used bad
DO ulluct, and tbe water whs slightly
ulUaliue, but hlisteis formed—espec
ially near tbe water line— proved to
contain ferrous sulphate with a slight
excess of sulphuric acid. The investi
gation has duggestod an explanation
of tbo curious tic id corrosion in alka
line water. The sulph'jr contained
in tbe water seems to be tirst oxidized
to anlpburia ajoid.aud tula attacks the
Diutul about it, depositing oxides that
form a mo.nbrane permeable to oxv
gcu, but not to alkali. Thus tbe acid
oontiuubs its work of enrroainn, wbilo
protected agaiust neutralization by a
übiuld of Its own cuutsructiou.
A striking cuuuuction between nlco
bolism and tuberoiiloaia bai been
brought out by Jacques Jlertillou in
a set of maps bused on tbe latust
I' 1 /each dtatistlos. I'an tu»pa show
that lv the uotth of ITuuci tbe uou
su nptiou ot hrandy pet' inhabitant is
much greater than lv tlin ceutrul and
southern poitious, and that tbe lino
of Hcpiiratluii correspouda to that of
tliu limit of vine culture, lv wins
drinking regions tbe use of brandy \a
small. Tbe phthisis map agree? very
cloiely witb the alcoh-<li'j r a mip, aaa
iLdluato-i tbat tbo use of brandy an.l
other^btrong alcubulio baverages givuj
coudltiuiis specially favorable for tbn
development of tuberculous diseases.
fhUiiais among saluoukeepera, more
over, is more tbau twice aa frequent
us among other merchant j, the yearly
doaths belug 671) and tiir> respectively
hi each lOU.OUO. lv Purls phthisis 'Ja
twioe as oaiiuou umong males na
among females, ami this also eeema to
be duo to tbe fuct that aclobolism is
chlutly ocutlued to men. -
A now Austrian rilla bullet, du
slgnad to pierce tbo shields of Held
KUUB, bus a abarp puluted Bteel core,
which is inclosed In v lead cutitlng la
ooutalued in a pointed eteel outer
onvonug. A »[mumhl exploslvu, «iving
greatly iuoretued muzzle velocity, la
used wKu tbia bullet, lv testa by tba
Auatrluu uutUorltleu, tba core peue
listed steel gnn shields (iOl yards
away, the lead and steel coverings
being left behind when tho projectile
Ittkeii
In belug adapted for the home,
moving pictures havn entered a bew
and very promising stage. A simple
apparatus tecenlly patented is des
cribed aa only three feet long by one
foot wide and one toot deup. It is
provided with a ground glass at one
end. on which a picture 8 by 10
Inches In size can be thrown, hut if a
larger view la required, tbe ground
glass can be removed, when the
Image will be projected upon a white
sheet or other surfaco provided, and
will be enlarged more or less, accord
ing to' tbe distance from the maobine
of this new screen. Any convenient
light— aiich as an acetylene bioyole
lamp— will serve for Illumination. It
is expected tbat the apparatus will
be made in a variety of styles, from
a coat of a dollar or two to quite
expensive outtlts, and the spools
of Him, lasting two or three minutes,
are to be furnished at price compar
able to those ot phonugraph recoido.
Freedom from risk of fires in claimed,
as the Him is heated much less than
by tbe powerful lights necessary for
the larger machines.
Tbe sand-blast as a polisher ia now
followed by tbe simple air-blast. I 1I 1 he
erosive power, of course, ia not so
groat, but when the 'articles to be
cleansed or ilniflbed are placed in a
basket in a rapidly driven centrituaal
machine, nnd hot air is blown from
v pipe through tbe basket, v high
polish is imparted rapidly and
efficiently. Tarnished nickel or silver
and objects not requiring deep cut
ting are given v biillliant new
surface. Hpdfclal care in packing tbe
articles is taken, so tbat the ait jet
may be nrojectnd against' all Hides
and thus mude to net evenly aud com
pletely.
STOCKTON BUSINESS^GUIDE- J
j • AUTOMOBILES. i ' . ?"f»-»-.-»-t..8..»~»-»-»-«..0...-»...-t..«»«~».....».....«- f D
| ? .. u.....-...-.........-..........-....-.-.-.-^-«-.-.-tu .....-...-.........-..........-....-.-.-.-^-«-.-.-t •^tt/'HEN going to Stockton take this Guide with f RP/\L ESTATE
I PACIFIC GARAGE 1 \A/ you ? It/ contains a list of leading Stockton jtanaa." x.oan B . Hom C ».||
I 30 s. suites si. t Business Houses, classified for quick refer-
1 1 Second Hand AntosxoUilcs for Sale} enC6, O.CCOrding to the different lines Of trade. YOU ! INVE^ n San Joaquln County or 1|
p oa Easy Term«. | need have no hesitation about doing business with i Stockton cny Property. ||
1 *r~~2J*^S^ — ' — A any of these Firms. They are all absolutely reliable \ XO Damß Tl^d"* *"*"' 18
|p^...........-....-.-.- M - M ...-.-.-.-.-.-."....- fi an d .trustworthy >and will treat you with courtesy J313 c. web'er Aye. Phone iti IE
I? ADT 1 FAHFn * anc^ fairness. rlf you cannot visit Stockton, any or
I AH I LtftULU jaU Qf them wiH be glad tQ answer youf letters ; send i**°f v^ nts On Paymc:jls J§
I Cil A^^ " you catalogues and samples and in fact accommodate | outtAHAs-ircTiEHAiiß co. Im
S l™f"^«»^V^ ? " . «■» . mi ■< r\ 1 j r* 1 • 1 i 323 K. 'Weber Aye. IB
■ ? you in any way. Send your Mail Orders to Stockton. t........;..;............,..,: ... ,. . ...,.,..^......;..- < -^|||
I Prices and Designs Submitted. i T w . WTW T. T ™-/i"r«w c, rm , BMm ?B
m! ♦ '*T" -A ■«r~"^ ,*r*"M m NO PiacENTAi'E t i Real Esiata and Insurance. Vh
IiHARROLD J. GAGE OE^^Tl©® 9 Sr sTOBE \[ £^5sS 1
■'■ ■ * Corner Main and Hunter Streeto. Best Goods. Lowest Prices. t ,(.,„ kl , , CnnntrvM'wa" '""l
J ART GOOS^ tjtjv GOODS - lustal li:nn ts •R 1
| J »......-.-....-.-.-......-►........-.-►....,»....-.........,-• .f.;.;,^..,...^;..,.,..,....,,.,^,,,...,.,.,.,,.,.,.,.,.,..^ .obunskt, piETKica'te lei^tkeblH
II 515 East Main Street. *I f ■ r C . * C C C MA || C C «. f \ 405 Bl Maln st - *fl
I * v;l . -; ■"■ \% i \ T. 7. i■■ ■ ■ i « t -* : iciiipic oi Lconomy j •• i— i cai^n ex v^u. 111 1 » O bi.c & auir .S
1 BAWX ."■; 541 E. ICaia Street. I Wholesale Dealers In !? xx o t a ™? Public'^nvo 1 ?* *J
li^^^t^^M^'ohUU^ ' »'y Ooods, Millinery ! HAY, OEAIH AHD COii i of°R t^U J
it UNION SAFE DEPOSIT BANK Ii ladles' and ChUdxen-g Wea- ■ 1 Write for Prices ii 11 S. Ifuntcr St. Ii
Hi CO IT. SAW JOAQUIN BT. . f * A 305 S. California St. , •"•"•-•"•-«-••••"•-•-•-•-•-•-•-—•••••«^*. 3- ..J«a»4il
9, i Per Cent Interest from l>ato of ? .••.-."...►. M-.~.;j;..-.M -.~. ; j ; ..-. ; ......*..-...........-.-.. * U^..;.,..,..,,;.,.,,^,,.,,...,,.......,...................1 . 3EI3CEI.I.ANEOUa M
I Deposit. Compounded TwlCfi a Year . PUBNITUBE . H.IPI.EKEITTS »-.-.-.-.-^^^..-»..-.-....-.-^..^. M -.-«.,_«_*..||
. Safe Depoßit Boxen to Bent v «—.-.-.-.-.—*..-...— .-. M ..^—.-...-...^ £■;;', ';"; . ggS^Tf?;? WiTw », t * STOCKTOH AETr^ICTi.T. «H
*ThOS. A. Nalson, Pres; Frank S. * , ALIM -, __ ._- T . -nr v m * STOCKTON ABTiriCIAIi ■
Jhosbb. VlCi Pres.; J. C. Sterling. ■ . " JOHN SULMAN M Write To • t STONE CO. M
♦ Cashier. ♦'„ ■ ct „ . pnrnitnra Dcalrr * " THE H. C. SHAW CO. ' Hollow Concreto Building Blocks. •»
t. 1 ,. t .... t . t ..t..»..«..»...i'i.i.'.»"."»"«"H"t-t"»"»"»"»-«"» ( ** U6U 6 Wato furniture Dealer j ( i tit* »»• *>• *}iirk tt v\s« j i , Qr^ Ma | n an j (j lant g ts> .nl
BAN K ( ,ah Kinds bf High Class Household!! » For Information on * ♦-•-^•-•-•-•-•-•-••••-•■.•-•-•-.-.-.-•.....-.-•-•-.-.18
I Goods at Cut Ratu Prices. I J IMPLEMENTS, VEHICLES T CALIPOBNIA HOTEL ifß
j Stockton Savings Bank • J 706-8-10 c. main st. \ \ waoohs, habdwabe, | { 1 h^tel 8 ' 8 " i|
(Commercial and Savings) i )»<»w.ii.i..i.i ■ » ■..■..».,.-»■»■..■.■.».»-«-»-»-« tWlre Tenclng, Creamery SnppUe«, Etot t Web?r Aye. and Hunter fit. ill
VOSEMITE THEATBE BL»G. * ' ______________ # {■—^ "'' \ Tj?T?? .^fT j , .\ *|
f Paid Up Capital, $100,000.00 . tWjtli^U^jaWy^^^i^^^ti^V^JiSSi -—"•"———"--•"——-•-«-••*-•-**-♦ fOILLS' HAIB STOBE *&
i^^pXfSTSCiS:! IC^Hi^_l PURK liquors :i sj?Mors^.t.or-er.B
* ? Mnß^^_^_^^t_a_fe_3_f_f_J3_M_ mOKocM JWfWfc—fmtWff J*v.s ' aut^-i-i • • Him j'ji'hM,!^, JS\ illi It' U Ii 11 tf 1& J
|l___BSriiK__PClTf^_a^ • A1 * Kinds . m l!> S San Jo- i <<t P
DACrTIVRAITM'Q T ." LADD & CO. » ' HODSOW, PHOTOGEAPHEB ZW
IViJ'O JUll L)/V U 111 kj T B^^^«^TShri{^l|affi!f*^^ * 19-23 S. HUNTER ST. .* Th'.s "Ad -i Is Cood For Ono Dollar IE
Stoeliton's Largest an.l Oldest Store J -—*■—- .^..^........-....-... ...i • >i# _ > _^!t^iii or Stockton |H
' ' " '■ _fflBß|S_SMW_|»_|^caWi EjSs^^Wr^ffl ' "*' * ■•"•"•"•"•"•"•"••••"•"••■•••••••-•"•-•"•-•-••••"•-t STOCKTON KECORD '■••••-••■••••••••••-* HI
I EstaUlißboa ,-' ' 1870! |^^_^P_^S_ |_i^^|^| * EdiaoaV-caOffrSplM "ana Eecorda f Largest Pr'iVnhiK 'Su'^T/ stoekton. tg
Paper Hanging and Plumbing. ■♦ QAQCI KSPOCJ ! t Bewinff Kachlnei. I Ma\- Mendelsom Met
COl S. California Street.. Phono 324 i KUOOI tSKVJO. J 13 r E. MAIN STBEET. I Hl«hCh«Vi!wS *
.- t "Sanitary Orocers." ,! *-••*••-•-•-•-•-»-•-•-•— •-•-•-.-.-.••.-.-.■^••.•••■i J \t Ponular PrirL I
C^OCKEBY AND OLAS3"WAr.E. Groceries,, Provisions, Produce. \ OPTICIAN ".-.-....-.....:.......-J."..f/...f...^. ( 1":.....^.^*
f ......-.-.......«.-.-.-........-.........—...-....-....-t Ma Orders So ,| c i ted . . | r **^^*«*'"H.M*«*w.*.i* 1 WHEN IN STOCKTON I
If you npert Crockery, Glassware, > ■ ' . , _ «.♦.,„-„. "I , /■ — rr*^ _. _, T I>lnB at *
Lamps. Cutlory, K'tchfn-waro. Hotel { ,Ud „ „ ° ff J" !■■ -^P!S!BS («* ct( " I n T Kadctea'i Grill I
or liar Qoods, It will pay you to Uuilo t 1201-1217 E. MAKKET BT. f „ JL, SwJfF&a>\£\ /VjWS&SiiffiHja. T Oppositfl Now 1 lot.-l .Stockton •
twltli 4-.-.-.............».-.^...^....^.^.... .*..,*, .If ffiW^^ ff'JJi^J^ T Wol.er Aye. •
■v/rvz'r nrMiriM amy eri oas EaiiaEu • tixi »» 'I. DTO uVl»i2ri J.uV'V ' "•"• •■■••••••••••■•^•■'••••••••••■•.■•.....«..«........ ......_^»
f TtU^l-fUIKVNAMN t j m iJIKl Ik MAtf ' Italian, French ami American Stylo*
f • china iiali, T STERLING IRON WORKS ! [ \JM<Xmyi>?ty,i<:ii^§^(^W » E^ cate 1
; Manufacturers of OPWCAt COSrPAITT, 12 NT. TA Por..<lo Pt. *
DEPARTMENT BTOBB Isttrlinif Oaa Engine.. Well Borinff ' ; "•■ ■«" fi «■*» ■y^-^V^J <1 "' ■'■"" ' ' ' '.* 1
fc .,-«.*.,-,-...-.-..^..... M .>.*.,.,.,-.-..<-».».y J Machinery and Fnmpincr Plar.ta. MAJ? 1 MAStTPACTUIVfiKS VEHICLES M
fTjßi'/iSjff' Jgf f'\.'\ Qener * 1 Jobbing 1 ana Clan Euglntn -'rri °i i> t i I ■.«»»■ *■»■<■!">« tt f t-t-t I-*"*"*"'"*"*"'"*'*"'"*"*"*"**'* 1 * 'in **« ll
&*lsd§ l '*2i^J^--2SJ^2S^2^J Uhk Your Grocer \ \ Sunset Carriage Factory it
jmW(^§^^^\ ".--—— --! j 1 t aii< *"ißiHiss" iBiH iss pa!nti^;|
! W. T. OLDHAIVJ I jprom'ura U«l"proo UponTlpplloatJon ; VEHICLES TO ORDER ;;9
' . ; Wholesalo and Ketail * t WILLIAMS v, WIGQRfcI I I Our Specialty. .W
•m.m>i«m<««44444<m^i««4l4.i- irarne.s «n<l Sadnlery, . ♦ STOCKTON ♦ ♦ 225 to 341 Jf. AMBBICACT ST. tH
UITITISD OTATS3 HOTr.' Tailorlnu. Funiißhliii- Gooila ut t->..>.n..|i|nini.»HMniM»»»i i i "V'^" I ,'"*'* l^^ ■,*"""'"'-"" "*" "' \* ""|"" *.*'* '■
.Meals 25e. Hooms 230 and Up. Toilet Articles) for tho llorso. BAWSOU-'WAIiH AHVEBTISINO CO. i*v
MnrStt and CentM Bt». HUNTIS3 A?TI) DKIDan BT3. i O"iieral Adveriiflnc AK.ntn. S
\ M iiiTT i iin iii" iTi i T-— -^ I'l mi iiitiii ii i iri ill 06 0. California Btr;et, Btocaton. Cal „-.„,.„..„„„..,#
Tbe pestiferous fat Is proving to be
commercially vnluable for other
purpoHOH than to frnil the Chlunmnn.
lh« Ikln makes a line leather, and
this is coming Into demand for book
bludlog, gloves and a variety of use
ful and ornamental articles. The
production of this leather Is estimated
to amount already to t2TjO,OOO yearly.
The demand is mnob greater tbaa tbe
supply mill it, Is laid that adveitue
ments tor tbe skins in all quantities
are appearing Id rat-Infested loonll
ties.
Who Taught Her Caution?
Isabel, aged four, was talking to an
Imaginary friend over the telephone,
when her mother heard her sny: "Walt
a minute. Hoeksy. My brother Is right
hetv listening to all you. say. and my
mother Is in the room too, Don't tell
me nbont It now."— Delineator.
Careless.
Visitor— So that's Miss Overton.
Don't you think sbe carries her agp
remarkably well? Artist— No. I don't
She has dropped several years of It to
my personal knowledge. — Illustrated
Bits.
Tbcro is moro catarrh in this section
of the country than all other diseases
putr together, and until the last few
years was supposed to be Incurable.
For a great many years doctors pro
nounced It a local disease, and proscrib
ed locai remedies, and ( by constantly
failing to cure with local treatment,
pronounced It Incurable. Science has
proven catarrh to be a constitutional
disease, and therefore requires consti
tutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh
Cure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney
•teCo., Toledo, Ohio, istheonly consti
tutional cure on the market. It is taken
Internally In doses from 10 drops to a
toaspoonful. It acts directly on the
blood and museous surfaces of the sys
tem. They offer one hundred dollars
for any case it failß to cure. Send for
circulars and testimonials.
Address, F. J. Cheney <te Co.,
Sold l>v Druggists, 75;.
Hall's Family Pills are tho best.
Tho Knock-out Dion.
The blow which knocked out Oorbett
wm a revelation to tlid prlzo fighters.
Prom the earliest day * of the ring tho
knock-out blow was aimed for the jaw,
the temple or the Jugular vein. Stomach
punches were thrown In to worry and
weary the fighter, but If a scientific man
had told one of the old fighters that the
most vulnerable spot was tho region ot
the RtniniM'h, he'd have laughed at him
for an Ignoramus. Dr. Pierce is bringing
how-to the public a parallel fact; that
thq sVqmacVls the most vulnerable organ
out of \hn prHo ring m well ns In 1 1. We
protectbur JitAtU, throati, feet and lung*,
but the'<f»JrlKtbh\ve are utterly Indiffer
ent to, until disA^X finds the solar plexui
and knocks us outr Make your stomach
aound and strong by the me, of qoVff?
Pierce* Golden. Medical Dlscovprf-flTfl
T"» prntMt YBWjgcH in vwr mogLyuTneft
alile }not T "Uolden Medical Discovery' 1
cures "weak stomach," Indigestion, or
dyspepsia, torpid liver, bad, thin and Im
pure blood and other diseases of the or*
gans of digestion and nutrition.
The "Golden Medical Discovery " has a
specific curative effect upon all mucous
surfaces and hence cures catarrh, no
matter where located or what stage It
may have reached. In Nasal Catarrh It
Is well to cleanse tho passages with Dr.
Sage's Catarrh Remedy fluid while using
the " Discovery " as a constitutional rem
edy. Why tho "Golden Medical Discov
ery" cures catarrhal diseases, as of tho
stomach, bowels, bladder and other pelvic
organs will be plain to you if you will
read a booklet of extracts from the writ-
Ings of eminent medical authorities, en
dorsing Its ingredients and explaining
their curatlvo properties. It 1s mailed
free on request. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo. N. Y. This booklet gives aM the
Ingredients entering into Dr. Plerce's
medicines from which It will be seen that
they'contain not a drop of alcohol, pure,
triple-refined glycerine being used instead.
Dr. Pierces great thousnrid-pagr; illus
trated Common Senso Medical Adviser
will lie sent free, paper-bound, for 21 one»
cent stumps, or cloth-bound for 3] stamps.
Address Dr. Pierce an above.
Constipation causes headache,
nausea, dizziness, languor, heart
palpitation. Drastic physics gripe,
sicken, weaken the bowels and don't
cure. Doan's Keßulets act gently
and cure constipation. 'S> cents. Ask
your druggist.
How to Apply lodine.
If 11 in necessary (o use lodine for
painting Hie sl.ln in nirdlrnl treatment.
It Is worth reineiiilieriiig that the
painting should be done In the darlt
or In a rod llcht such n* Is usod in
photography. If this Is done nmi tli^
painted portion of ilio skin be covered
without being exposed to white Ilgu*.
It will not blister nor stain tbe nosh
even If the painting Is repeated n £Of>*
many t linos.
flow to Get Rid of the Smell of P«int
To dlspol tlie smell of ixiiiit sllc<*
two or ttireo onions nnd place tfaetD
In ii large piiil of water Id the mlddl*
of the room nnd lonvi It there ftH
night. If the mncll has not gone of
In the morning repeat the process.
Hay In often used In the water Instead
of the cut onions: but, though sweeter
smelling Itself, It Is perhaps less efP
rnelous.
How to Prevent Tender Feet.
One woman boasts of not knowing
what It In to have sore feet, nnd the
secret of her success Is very simple.
She takes time once a week to soak
her feet for almost nn hour, and In
this way she keeps thorn tender, but
not too much so. nnd she has never
known what It was to have a. corn,
bunion or other affliction. A small foot
tub Is filled -with warm water in which
there Is a plentiful supply of meltPd
white soap. She sits with her feet Jn
the water and to keep tbe time from
being too tedious rends a book. When
the water begins to cool she realizes
the soaking process Is at nn end. After
drying the feet she attends to tbe naUs
and cuts them across, merely clipping
the nnll corners, because rounded nal's
will eventually penetrate the flesh, and
the torment of ingrowing nails is raoit
severe. A plentiful amount of talcum
powder is used, nnd this Insures comf
ort. No stockings with seams are
worn, the shoes tit snugly, and n shoe
too large is considered ns injurious n»
one too tight. At tbe first sippeiiranco
of ii corn It Is never tampered with,
but the spot is treated with turpentine
and pre long It disappear!*15. Wolyb, ot, by and for the Ledger
It m bnau uppolnted United Htnte.s
(i'lrnrnicisioner for four years. He
fi nl no opposition ior tbe position.
Ihe fiHlnry nttacbeii to it would keep
nn extremely moderatH smoker In
amokina tohncoo, — Amador Hecord.
Wii putillsh this to show the sort of
fplrit tbnt moves some people—
fortunntply rerv few, We do not know
the editor of the Keoord, exoept by
Algbt. We have never bad any lnml
nsii dealings with him; neither imve
we ever been introduced to him,
or conversed with him, From theae
tncts our leaders may judge for tbem
ftHlvee in* tbe premises. We care
nuthlng tor such printed pliill Jt
hurts unly tbe author; shows tbe real
oharaoter of the Individual. — Kd Led
«nr.
The Crime of Idleness
Idleness menun trouble for nny onp.
Jtu Ibe unrne with a lazy liver. It
<s<u-BH constipation, headache, jaun
dice, Hiiliiiw oomnlexlon, pimples and
Motohea, loss vf appetite, nausea,
frit Dr. King's New Lire Pilla hooii
rtiniflh liver trrmbles aud l.ulld up
yonr h«nlth. 2~w. Nt Jackson Drug
Store, l?i'ii«i"ili Prop.
In Mcmoriam
"No oce beara.tbe door Hint opens,
When they paps beyond our call,
S-i'i't us iooseued hmvon of loses
One ky cne our loved ones fall."
To tbe otUcera aud mem bora of
Jnckeon Kebebbb Lodge, No. GO.
We, your oomroittee appointed to
diatt resolutloua of respect upon the
<l-mtli of our late sister, liilizaboth
SUasal. respectfully submit tbe fol
low inn:
Whereas, In the wisdom of pro
videuoe, woi king ever iv mysterious
mil inacrutiible ways, it bas pleased
t.'orl to remove from our midst our
beloved sister, Elizabeth Staeal, aud
Whereas, while feellug tbe deenest
Korrow and peresnuQl loss in tbe de
parture of one of earth's iiolilo
women we, nevertbelesß, bow betoro
the expiession of diviue will und uo
cept with resignation the misfottune
tiiat has lallen upon out lodge aud
the bereaved family, and
Whereas, In every department of
activity in which ehe was pn«nged,
we buve a!wa?B found her uniformly
indntsriouß. devoted aud. true, luitli
ful aud loving to her friends, gentle
and conifiafsionate to the unfortunate
Uo\v,, therefore be it.
Kesolved: llmt while her guiding
a.nul will never agaiu be with ua in
our eartuly lodge, we all Urmly be
lieve, iv tbe language of scripture.—
"1 no to] propare a place for you,"—
Miat in the golden sumtnor of another
iifo we will again gather in a sweet
rauuiou nliere partiu«s are unknown.
Keßoved : That. Jackson Kebekab
•tudge esteud to tbe relatives and
tr lends ot our departed eister every
expression of deepest sorrow aud
heartfelt sympathy, that our charter
bi draped iv mourning for a period
of thirty days, and that tbese re
solutions be entered upon our
tuinutea, published in the local
j-aneiß, end copies sent to tbo be
reaved family.
"So one by one those loved tbe best
yjip out at evening piayer;
i'.oou we like tbem shall go to rest.
While bbadnws tlil the air."
Kespoctfuliy submitted, in' Il'I 1 ' I*. T.
Committee: KATW LANUHOKSK.
• MAUD VANDAMENT,
KMMA liOAKMAN
lti;biu« piles provoise profanity, but
f.iotanity won't cure tbem Uoau'a
Ointment ouroa itubtun, bleerlins or
protrudiuß piles after jours of sult'ur
nig . At uuy druK store.
For Salc-$3,000.
btmw'd bliicksmitb umi repair Bhop,
Valley Hprinus, California, Ipclcdltig
real estate equippod with power nud
inodarn noacbiuory toi all ciassea of
work, beat lot of tilituksnalth and
7^00(1 workiu« tools in Calavfjres
couuty. UiiruiiH bnrsß elioeiug Bllnftl
shop aud tiiola for batrtßgO imiiitiiiK.
luquire of Worreu Lamb, Liver-
uicre, Calif.
Order to Show Cause.
In the superior court of the county
of Amador, Htnte ot Ciilitorniii.
In tbo matter ot tbu Hstato ot A.
Mi Vaugtttiu, deoeaaud,
H; E, Potter, tbo administrator of
the eathte of A. M. VauKbau,
deopaeed, bavins filed bis peti-
tiuti burein piayiua for tin older
ut sale ot tbe wbolo tit tbe real etstato
(jf Haul (leocndeut, for tbu pur
poses tberoiu fet forth, It ie, there-
fore, ordorod by tbo judge of eh id
vint, that at 1 J poiunug interested iv
tbe etitute ot hhiil decna^ed, appear
biitore the eaid uuiiorior court, 011
Monday, the 13th duy of .September,
l!)C"J, at 10 o'clock iv thu forenoon of
■aJd day. at tbe courtroom of Biiid
superior court ut the court bouse iv
the i-ity of JuckHou, conuty ct Amn-
der, to eliow cause why an order
abould not Ijo Krauted to tmid ml-
niiuibtiator to sell thn ivbole of the
real ttutate of the .mid deceased, ut
either private or public sale, 11a HHid
•.idniini.ilrutnr Bhail jud^e to Im must
tieueticial tor HHid eatate; and tbut h
c.tipy ot thiu order be published at
!l!il.-t f'Hir HUCt'llKilVtl WCIIKH ill till)
Auiador Ledger, a uewHpaper printiMl
aiiii publisbed in the city of JHckHou,
fcuuty ot Amador, state of Cal-
1 1 1 if- 11 in.
Dated, Aujrnut PJ, 11)09.
Vfitol) V. WOOD.
aui:i Judge.
Crlekei Wicket*.
Cricket wickets hare bren ptactd
twonty-two yards npnrt since 1700.
The Surrender of Met*.
Tho greatest surreuder In the annals
of warfare wns thnt of Metz on Oct.
27, 1870. The Burrcndnr Included 3
field marshals, CO generals, 0,000 otll
ccrs cf lower degree, over 400 guns,
100 inltrnillouses, nearly GO standards
and 173,000 rank and file.
An Alaskan Superstition.
The Eskimo women of Alnskn never
sew' whlln the men are fishing, and
obouldnny mending be Imperative they
do It shut up In little tents out of sight
of the sen.
Care In Powder Mills.
The garnicntH of workers In powder
mills arc txwketlesH, so that they enn
not carry knives or mntchrs or Indeed
anything, and nre mmlc of nonlnflam
mnblo material. Xo one Is allowed. to
go nbout with trousers turned up at
tho bottom, because grit is collected in
that way, and the merest hard speck
Is dangerous.
Arabio Figures.
Arabic figures were not Invented by
the Arabs, but by the early scholars of
India.
Ceylon Hospitals.
A curious. official regulation demands
that all the old linen of the Ceylon hos
pitals shall be burned every three
mouth*. A government official comes
round on a periodic linen Inspection
and condemns holey sheets, towels,
etc., to a flcry fate.
The Turquoise.
Persia has the most famous tur
quoise mines in the world, which have
been worked no less than eight centu
ries. These pretty stones, however,
are to be found in many parts of the
world, including Saxony.
A Capo Town Scotsman.
Among; the black population of Cape
Town the florin Is called n "Scotsman"
because In the old flays, when the
florin wns little known In South Af
rica, a Scottish contractor paid his
workmen in florins instead ■of half
crowns.
Illuminating Oil.
Oil wns used for illumination as ear
ly as the epoch of Abraham, 1021 D. C.
Christmas Trees.
"Practically all conifers can be and
are \ised as Christmas trees, but the
most popular ones are the llrs. spruces
and, to a less extent, the pines and
cedars. The .use of one or another
evergreen for this purpose depends
frequently upon Its accessibility, par
ticularly In the mountainous sections
of the country.
The Antarctic Circlo.
The antarctic circle was first crossed
by Europeans by the James Ross ex
pedition Jan. 17. 177i$.
Artificial Eyes.
Artilielal eyt»s were flrst made use of
by the Egyptians. They were of gold
and sliver and subsequently of copper
and Ivory. Hundreds of years later,
in the sixteenth century, when they
were made in Kurope. porcelain was
the substance used, and the maker
usually stamped bis address on tho
white of the eye.
The First "Boo!"
How many nre aware of the origin
of the word "boo," used to frighten
children? It Is a corruption of "Boh,"
tho uaine of a fierce Gothic general,
the sou of Odin, tbe mention of whose
name M'reatl a panic among his ene
.niies.
Treating a Burn.
Benr in DiluU that quick treatmont
of; ii burn will not only relievo suffer
iu{t. but will frequently remove all
tlauger'of permanent scai-s. Baking
goda, scraped raw potato, lnrd, olive
oil, molasses and oven milk are ef
ficacious, much of the virtue of the
cure depending upon a speedy applica
tion.
Philadelphia.
The largest city In the country in
Wnshlngton'a time was Pblladoliilihi.
It had C'J.OOO Inhabltunts.
Evolution of V/orfsrc.
Tho buttle of Fnniovn. fought Jur;-
fl, 149."., between the French uml tho
Milanese, whose territory they w<?io
Invading, wda tlio very lact of, the
ClinrActcrUUc middle agelmttlcs. From
tiiut time the Infantry Kilned the pre
emlnencb over tbe citvulry, dud can
non were employed in preference to nil
other projoctlle weapons.
Divcrceo In Holland
When n wife Is divorced hi Hollaed
«he tabes li.'ilf her husbatul's goods.
Ths Call cf Iho Drum.
When an Afrlcir.i chief Of the Msci't
nn tribes is ready to Ijpglq harvostliu:
and rcquirra extra DBalstnnce be seta
Koine of hi* tribesmen drunimiiib'.
They bent ii huso kettledrum made of
skin Bt retched on a cululmsh odd n
suuill side drum. The pound <>f the
drumming curries a great distance, nn<i
laborers come In from all directions.
t
Chalk In Glue.
The addition of v little powdered
Chalk 1h Hnld to make common k'"**
Htronger.
First Ice Machine.
Tho first Ico machine wan innde l>y
Dr. John Qurrle of Apnliiflilcoln. Flu..
trhere thero \vn» v great prernleoc® of
fi'vt'i'.s lii fiumnuM's. In 1850 he kuc
?c<'(li'(l In producing smnll blo^ljs of
re ni«!ut the ilso of tho ordiqnry imr.d
ins bluch.
i vim. i iii i _
1 1 \wL *^J a. Bns wBl JrV J^ 31 n h I
THE TWO HORSE BRAND]
Dr. C. W. Brown
VETERINARY SURGEON
and DENTIST
FLAUKKVILLK' CALII' 1 .
TelepbDoe Mam 101
AH kinds of veterinary dental and
surgical work skilfludily performed.
Amador Hotel
J. M. Cot I man,. Prop*
Board by Day, Weefe or Month
Table always suppitiied nitb
tbe very best in thu nt-tikct
SAMPLE ROaiHS
For Commercial Tmnrdlera ,
Opr>. livery Stable Avnador City
' Phone Main 121
' With Mrs. NETTIE HARMISON'S
4-DAY HAIR COLOR. .It is the only
entirely successful and satisfactory prepa-
ration for the purpose. Simpte - Harm-
less - Certain. Sold for 20; years, and
its fronds are legion. Jt wever fails.
Price $1.00. At all druggist* and at
CITY PHARMACY. k -
Special Small Ads.
' Advertisements under this lieiui, not exceed-
ing 5 Knoß, will bo Inserted at 50c per month, or
5 cents Der line (or less than one month
A LL kinds of Blanks for Vi, 8. Land Pllintrs—
" Homestead, Timber and Mineral blanks —
may be had at the ledger office : also deeds
mortgages. ralDing • locations, proof of labor
and other legal blanks Uopt for sale '■ ■ ;
Mining Signals on alatb, required
to be posted in all mines, for sale at
tbe Ledger office.
For Sale— Lot of benches, formerly
used in Webb ball; C> and 8 ieet long;
suitable for show pluc»,oburebes, etc.
Will be sold cbeap; apply ut Ledger
olUce. j ,
Lost— Between Jackson und Sutler
Creeli last Saturday, un overcout..
Pleaso return to' Wm. J. Mcliee.
■ For enlo.— 2(K) acres, commonly
known at »be W. l>iue plane, near
New York Kaucb. 7 nores vineyard,
ovur 50 under cultivation, dwelling
house, barns eto. , tbree spriugs or:
place. Kor partionltirH Hpjil.v ou
p'remiEO!) or write to proprietor, John
Keats, -laukeou. je U5-1 in.
Ueoeipt books, location blanks, deuda
mortgages, promissory notes, etc.
for sale: alao mining signala ou
clnth, graduation diplomas, nt the
Ledger office
Acknowledgment blanks tor nota-
ries, speoinlly printed for A mad or
county, may be bad at the Ledgei
otilce. I'rioe 500 per packet ot 00. .
Furnished Uooms to let: inquire at
Ledger oll'ico.
Copies of the Jlcenue. ordinance ut
the City of Jucksou in pamphlet form
may he had at tho Ledger olljce; price
150. each.
Wanted— A fioliuitor to eecure
orders for tbe tailoring buUiietS,
tiuoii salary to the riglit man, and
steady employment. Apply to Win.
lioss. tha Tailor. Jucksuu. x
INoiice to Creditors*
Kstitto ot A. M. Vaughan, dooeotieri.
Noticii is hereby Blvun iiy . tlio
uudfiruigned, »«(iiuininr.ruto: 1 of >. tlio
estatu ot A. M. N'uughau, deceasHd,
to the creditors of tiud all per^ous
liiiviim cluiniH iiKiminl thu Kiiid de-
ceived, to exhibit them, with tins
nncorisiiry vouchers, within four
iniiiiths after tho ilrut putilicatiou of
this notice to the said ailmiiilMtrator,
nt Luw OHice of Wm, J, AlutJne,
Court Kt., .lHc>lau)ii,..\ni!iiloi County,
Calltoiniii, the euuio beltlg tlio pluno
for Him truuHuotlon ot thu hiiHiuq^of
Hiiin i'o>iit<\ in i nicl county cf Auiudgr
Diltwl, Auj;. 12 I!H)'J
ii. 10, I'OITEU.I v
AdmlnUtrator ut tho I'Mute of uald
dueuurii'd. . uiii:i
•••••••••••••••••••••••••a
I DAILY STAGE LINE ]
• lIKTWREN
• JACKSON and EL DORADO •
• J. Slclncr. Proprietor. «
? Lonto* .iucUroii ovo.j morning nt 7:.T0 J
» », m. i nrrlves itt Plymouth I0:J» a. m. 4
• Leareß Plymouth at tp. m.; urrlfes at •
• El Dorado »p. m. •
• Leares £1 Dorado 7:15 •. m t tnUnm J
tf nt Plymouth 11a.m. TA>nven Plymouth *
• »l 2p. m. ; arrives Id Jaoksoo nt ft p. m. •
! Orrrcus— Jftckson. National HMel ;But- m
Z terOroek, Amnrioan Kxchanife; Ama- m
r dor City, Amador Hotel s Dry town, Ex- I
5 ohonge; Plymouth, Forest .House. m
m Prompt delivery of package*. •
• This line connect* with passeager •
• trains to und from Placervllle, , •
Z THROUGH FARE ' * ' .' •«•«*» •
0 Fifty jxninils of baggage frve. •
• ••••••••••©•••••••••••••a
10870
A $100 Typewriter
for If cents a Day
Plnnn* ri'iul tho tVenxllnv orcr ngaln. Then Its
tremoiidVwn Hiunlf\<>.nnr<t will *lnwn U|»m y*m.
An Oliver Ty|iewirtt«r— the standard visible
wrltw— tho fllOO'miu.'ftifnf— th*» moet highly per-
fnutnri typinvrlti* 1 on. Hue marknt— yuurs for 17
or>nta nilUrl
The ty(>«wrltor wttonw cfWMiufcrt if I*lo com-
mnrclul world In-ii in-iinoi'i-iit friixliioH* history—
yours for ITwiitt-nnftiyf ',
Tlie tyiiewrltor tlint l» miulppml with scorns of
such convnntonces a» "Tfio Uolance Hliltt," the
"llullng Bflvlcfi;" tli«v"l>Mi Weßeloane,' 1 the "to-
oomotlve llano.'" Mln "An,toi»o»l« Hpaoor," tho
••AlitomntllrTjibulhtor,." tR«-Dl«»ppoarlng In-
dlcutor,", tlte^AdJustalWfv Pajior Fingers," Uio
•*HottTOffle (.'ondonsod
JkVjtoJL Yonts for 17 Cents
«"nIT' I wiJWtlu^j W«- ' announced Hilh
/^— flffi "^SSiJ^^P mew emlen plan recont-
Ms lH4*&£v*W'vl nf the P«"pl"- Simply
Hy'j (jft *S»^« i1 s £fv 11 MivaJj: mnh pnymont,
nJv jtii-j* ,J thfln It cents a day
>^S" _ =s^gisi--' T n. ao i & the plnn In a
nutslißll.
Tlio result hn&'bo'MV (Hu-hi a dßtnge of applica-
tions for maehihns that w am simply as-
toundeil.
The demand comas from pecpUvrt all classes,
all u){os, nil onuupntlniis.
Tim majority ot n»aulEl<9»h4»scoirM>from peoplo
of known flnanoliil: Htandl'nff !•&<»■ wore attracted
by the novely of Illn'|>9opositl««k' An lmr)resßlve
demonstration of tiielnimenso popttSarlty ot the
Oliver Typewriter. •
A stnrtllnK confirmation ot ema hrtlof that the
Km of Universal Typewrtttna to aJI Imnd.
A Quarter of a Million People are
Making Money with
OLIVER
The Standard Visible Typewriter
The Oliver Typewriter is a raoney-mnker, right
from the word ■ go." So easy to Bum (hat begln-
nors soon gntln tlio "experi" clans. Earn as
you learn Let tlio mnrftlno pay tbe 17 cents a
day— and all atmvo illivt In your»,
Wherever you are; there's work to be done
and money to Im mwln by uhliik "If" Oliver.
The business worl* 1» cntling fijr Oliver oi>er-
ators. Thnre am not enough to supply tho
demand. Their BaIEM*M are consldorably above
lliohii of many clatwa* ot workeifSy
An Oliver Typewriter in every Home
Tluit Is our batun cry today. We have made
the Oliver supremo-tn usofulnes* and absolute-
ly indispensablolu txistness. Now comes the
conquest ot the home.
The simplicity n,i«J strength ol Iho Oliver fit it
for family use. in * becoming an Important
factor in the home- training or young people.
An educator aswpH s»» moneymaker.
Our new selling: p9an put* ttne> Ollvor on the
threshold of evnry home In America. Will you
close thn doors oS your home or offices on thla
remarkable Olives-opportunity?
Write fur further details of imreasy offer and
11 frweopy iitc>snw Oliver catalog. Address
The Oliver Typewriter Co.
326 First Avenue,
aul «m , SFATTLE. Washington
> FQa sale!
''The Ji'C Norria property tit, Huena
Vista ia for sale on easy terms ou
account o( Hiukueaa. Tbe property
nonsists ot 80 aoroa of Rood land with
cleat thle, two dwelling houses, store
bnildioK, (iimcn-liiiJl. barn aud nil
necessary oouveuiuncoa to do bnui -
tiessi
Vat furtlier particulars iuqniro of
ftlrs V. .). Morris, Jiuenn Vista Uitcbey
P. O. Uul. jelB '2m
I HEALD'S I
BUSINESS COLLEGE J
;■ Fall Term Opens Auy. 30. ;;'
! Write for Information. !!
;;:. HEALD'S ;||
; Stockton. Cal. \
Notice tor Publication— o774
(Isoluted Truct)
IJ[J»LI(SI J [J»Ll(5 L.ANI) HAhh)
Saorauiento, Cul. U. W. Lanri OHice,
July !iti. lUOit
Ndtico is hornhy Kiven that, as
diieutod by tlie Ootnmlstiiouwi 1 <if tbe
Ueuoial Ijiuid OrMiue, under pro-
vianus of rtot ot (Joogroas approved
June 27, lUOil, I'utiliu-No. :iO*J, wo
will ullit nt piiulio ealn, tn tbe
bigboit liidder, at '2::iO o'clooli I. M.,
011 tho (ith duy ot Boptoiubor, liJOl),
next, nl; thlii nllh-o. tlie following
truct nr laud, to wit: tbe ttil 4K l 4 of
SU^ boo. 5, T. IN., K. 10 X., ftl.
l>. M.
Any poi'HoiiH oluiuiina mlVHrmdy
tbo iibuvu-dcsoritied luihlh aro udviHed
to 1110 tbeir olitimu, or objectiouß,
ou or 1.1 luiu tbo duy above dt>Hi;;nuted
fur aulu.
JUU.N l>. AKMHi'HONO,
KeuUter.
. JOHN C INU,
. Kcuetvor.
Not coal land. ti'M
A 1 Flour...
Made from Best Wheat
t With Best Machinery
By the Best Skilled Workmen
■'■■.
A trial will 'convince y0u....
MANUFACTURED BY. *
Woodland Grain & Milling Co.
>
Jackson Grocery House
On Broadlway, formerly oecnpied by W. E. K'eat. |
■ ■ ■ i§ s
We take pleaenure in announcing* totbe public that we are Sv&rt-
i'roy a Brand New Store of Choice ©rocerie9, and a complete line of
Efonsehold UtensiB!s r consisting of Crockery, Glassware, Wood ' and ' 1
' Asate Ware. Wines and Liquors, (Cigars and Tobaccos, etc., and' in-'-.
wiitf the public toaittend tbeir
1 '. ■' ■ . ■'■.■■
IfWmpt Delivery Free of Charge.
S. CORPOCEH & A. POROBICH, Proprietors;
BROADWAY, -JACKSON, CAL. v aul 1 .
0 ■ ■ ■ '••
Telephone Mail* 24.
BATIQEEALi HOTEL 4k
Jackson* Amador County, Cal. if'
D.. S. and H. M MASON/ - - - Prop's;
Stage Office lor all points. M
* . Fine Samplte Rooms for Co'inmercial Travelers. |a
ILighted by ellectricity throughout. . iM
The best meads for 35c and) 50 cents. \M
First-class seervjee in every way. |9
11'^ GUARANTEED
MANUrACTUREHS §ff| m 5A ' j FRANCISCO
WHEN YOU BUY A SHOE
You want Reliability You want Wear H
You want Comfort You want Satisfaction n
For 50 years we have manufactured shoes on theß
Pacific Coast. Your shoe bill at the end of the year willH
bo less and your satisfaction greater if you purchaseß
honestly made shoes that are carefully inspected before*
boing shipped. Look for our name on every pair; itl
means money saved for you. , | J
L. OBTriUaBK 8. J». KNIGHT
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundry S Machine Shop
Slitter Creeic. Cal.
IJUILDERS Oi' WATKIt WHEELS OP
Jj latest unfl most approved patterDH, und
all kinds of sbe«t Iron pipo. Kvery description
of mtulng and mllliuK mauhliiery mndu ut the
shortest notice. We dunire to cull the utteutlon
of UlrtoW.HiiililiH und other workers In Iron to tbe
fuot thut we kenp, couHtnatly oq hund v large
•lad complete siock of bur. refined und Norway
-on, gu» pipe, rim Uttln«s, etc.. whtoli we will
«ellatth«r.OWKST CASH I'KICKS.
• toe* »o»ott«9 ie»i8«««a«i«
• AT HEWITT'S BAZAR S
» Special SALK now on of Thanks- J
" Xlviii" NeoeiiUlaSi Dolls, China- o
• ward Toys, eto. etc. •
• We liiivn the liii-(,"irtt uml iniwt vurloa V
O Hue ot 'I'OVii iv Central CulUurula. ■
« Stockton's Ciretttest DazaV. S
wg«*»«MititMiei>ca««ieoaii»
Electric!
Biff ers I
Succeed when everything else fails, h
In nervous prostration and female H
weaknesses they are the supreme I
remedy, as thousands have testified. |
FOR KIDNEY, LIVER AND II
STOMACH TROUBLE M
It Is the best medicine ever sold I j
over a druggist's counter. im
Collcac of Notre Damcfl
MARYSVILLE, CALIFORNIA . I
liDiinlliii! und duy school eomluctud by thg
Bisters u( Notre UiwuecNuruur). KouudotJ
lv i:i:ii. I' l
Tbu cui'loulum ombruceH rAI the brancbeit o( «j
Molld KnglUh eduoutlon. Prepuratory uuH
Bdvuuced courses lv art, lunguugß, uud muslH
for fuitluir '.nfinMuii.tlou|ii'id"i'<is>( | j
Urn . SISTER OUPERIOH II