OLDEST PAPER
L ARREST CIRCULATION
It Pays the Basincti Man to Advei
tii; in the Ledger.
Established October 27, 1855.
LAWYERS.
ry.u. o. BNVDfcn.
Attorney-at-Linr,
JACKSON, CAL.
. Olllco in Marolla Building, Court street.
Will practice In all Iho courts of the Btate. fo
■y aw t. fheitan
Attoriipy-nt-1-BW
•■ . ■ >
Specialty— Commercial law and coloc-
■llnns.
Crod It attorney Stockton Retail Mer-
chant's Association.
Suit No 210, Savings & Loan Bank Bidg
ocl STOCKTON. CAL.
DOCTORS.
XT' K. KNDICOTT, M. ».
lit.
I'hyslclan »«<1 Surgeon
j
Jackson, Cal.
office : Webb building. All calls promptly
attended to at all limes,
11-vR. FKED V, 81'KAUUB
Physician and Surgeon
JACKSON, CAL.
Office— Next door to residence, north Main
street, opposlto California hotel.
Telephone Main 32
T\K. A. M. GALL
.JL/
Phyolclan ami Surgeon
Jackson, Cal
Office In Marella bulldlnß. Mam Street.
O S.C.OODMAN M D. ,
JL • ,
Physician nml Surgnon
Sutter Creek, Cal.
pvU. L. O. LYNCH
• Physician and Surtroon
,M, M Office, Main SO
Residence, Main 27
AraadorCity. Cai.
T> F*. WALKER, M. D.
Practice limited to diseases ot
EYE, EAR, NOSE and THROAT
Office— ELK'S BUILDING, * '. 1
STOCKTON, CAL. W*
-r-vlt. HOWARD CAMERON
EYE, EAR, NOSE and THROAT
ELKS 1 BUILDIXG, <SM J STUEET
SAOBAMENTO. CAL.
OBlce hours 110 to 12 a. m. 2 to 4 p. m.
Other hours and Sunday by appointment
Vhoue. Maine 46 Io »
DENTISTS.
rut. JOHN A. DELUCCUI
DENTIST
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Office Houns :— From 9 a. m. to 5 p. m
tVh A. W. SUTHERLAND
DENTIST
JACKSON, CAL.
Telephone Black] /44 ' Hours 9—5
T>ICIIAKD WEIIII
United States Commissioner
JACKSON CAL.
Will attend to Homestead and other filings;
tailing of iiii.il proofs aud all oihur Land
Business,
Deeds and other legal documents drawn up.
WALTER LUCOT
STOCK BROKER
SUTTER CREEK, CAL.
Will buy and soil all kinds of mining
stocks and other securities.
Particular attention paid to Amador
county raining 1 stocks.
Quotations received dally .
• **
• ——00 TO THE—— • *»
III! BAKERY I
S When You T*T?TT!AT> •
• Want Fresh J>lVJl<2\-L/ •
111 1 Dm Porto iitnn |
• Wo also Ueop a Hrge Btook of Staple •
• and 1' uuey ™
i GROCERIES I
• Our Speoialty-Fmhlßread every day Z
, • except Suudoy •
ALL kinds of Blanks lor L . 8. Land FillnKS-
■* v iloiuuNtuud, Timber uud Mineral bluulia—
muy ba had ut the Ledger onlco; also deeds
mortitttgeti. uiluluk looutloDs, proof of labor
uod other legal bUuita kept lor vale.
Amador Ledger.
JACKSON. AMADOU COUNTY. CALIFORNIA, FJUDAY. MAKCII 25, 1910.
JACKSON
CITY ITEMS
Local Happenings About
Amador's County
Seat
The Ledger takes pleasure in calling
the attention of its readers to the Red
Front ad on page 4of this issue. This
thriving business house formerly occu
pied a position on the first page but con
sented to move into the page which is
the star attraction for the county reader
and thus enable us to better display our
important news items.
Judge Wood left Sunday for Indepen
dence, Invo county, where he will try a
murder case in which the local judge is
disqualified. He expects to return early
next week.
Notices are posted for the school
election in the respective school dis
tricts. The elecio" will be held Hriday,
Aprillst.
Mr Solinsky, manager of the Amador
Lumber yards on Sutter hill lost a valu
able dog while visiting in Mokelumne
hill a few days ago. The animal was
valued at over $25.
Blanks will soon be sent out by the
school superintendent to the clerk of
each district for taking the school cen
sus, which commences April 15. As
this is the general census year, the
federal authorities expect that the cen
sus marshals of the school districts will
be of assistance in the federal census,
that is in the information obtained.
A new porch is being erected at the
property occupied by Peter Giurtani on
Broadway, and owned by Belluomini
and Co.
■
We call the attention of our readers
to the ad of the Pacific Coast Casualty
Co. which appears in another column.
This is an old established strong Cali
fornia company with cash assets of
nearly a million dollars and solicits the
patrohage of local institutions. The
Company has requested us to say that it
is no way connected with the Pacific
Surety Co. either in stock ownership or
business. Similarity of names has
frequently led to confusion but these
companies are distinct and independent
of each other in every way.
The Kay builuing, 19 Main street, is
in the hands of the painter, and will
receive a new coat of paint both inside
and out. This kind ot improvement is
an outward sign of prosperity, and helps
a city in more than one way. Let the
good work continue.
The enterprising Komfort shoe store
conducted by R. S. Bierce, is under
going a few alterations. A new repair
shop being part of the improvement.
The present repair quarters is being
thrown into the main hall.
P. Piccardo has a house full of or
ders, which speaks well for this thriving
little city. Recently he turned out a
good order for the Buffalo Brewing com
pany, and at present is at work on a
new set of harness for Dr. Endicott's
team.
The Ledger has secured the services
of W. Scott Thomas, who will attend
to the outside work in soliciting, col
lecting and reporting. He is an all
round newspaper man, has had charge
of the printing department in the navy,
and also experience in newspaper work
generally. For several weeks he was
employed on the Amador Record. We
recommend him to our patrons and the
public generally. He will be found a
genial and whole-souled fellow and re
liable in every way.
The candidate's card of Matthew Joy
will be found in this issue. He is a
candidate for the olfice of city marshal .
He Is well-known to the voters, as he
has been a resident here since child
hood. We can only say that he is com
petent to discharge the duties of that
office, and would devote himself solely
to looking after the city interests if
elected.
Mr Ralnsford, superintendent of the
Argonaut mine, left Sunday morning for
San Francisco, and expects to be gone a
week or ten days.
The Ledger in publishing a list of
candidates for city offices last week
omitted the name of James Mushett,
who is out for the office of marshal.
Bert I lend is not a candidate.
Don't forget Children's Day at Mary
L. Prossers.
Nifty trimmed hats of all kinds to
suit the little folks, Wednesday. March
23, 1910. Don't forget the- place.:*/;
Continued on Page 5
ZEILA MINER
LOSES ARM
John Donahue Struck by
Rock is Seriously
Injured
A miner named John Donahue met
with a terrible accident in the Zeila
mine early yesterday morning. He was
working in one of the drifts about one
o'clock, when a huge rock, weighing
several hundred pounds, fell from the
roof, striking him solidly on the right
arm, between the shoulder and wrist,
crushing the member ' in a shocking
manner. He was pinned to the floor of
the drift by the weight of the rock, and
it required the united strength of three
men to lift the stone from his arm. He
was removed to^the hospital as soon as
possible, and Dr. Gall was summoned.
The arm was so crushed that there was
no hopp of saving the use of it, and
amputation was decided upon. This
was done during yesterday, by Dr.
Gall, and assisted by Dr. Endicott. !
The victim is a single man, about
thirty years of age, and came here from
Grass Valley some five months ago,
and has been employed most of the time
since at the Zeila, and boarded at
Rugne's on Main street. Of course the
accident will incapacitate him from
earning a livelihood at mining hereafer.
The unfortunate man was liked by his
fellow workmen, and all deeply deplore
the sad calamity that has overtaken him.
Dr. Gall was interviewed directly
after the operation, and said his patient
was resting as well as could be ex
pected. The operation was a success,
and nothing of a serious nature as yet
appears to hinder the victim from a com
plete recovery. The arm was amputated
directly below the elbow, and a fracture
of the same arm directly above the
elbow was dressed.
BIG LIMESTONE
ENTERPRISE
Local Investors Bond
interest of Industry
at Mount Echo
The limestone deposits in the vici
nity of Mount Echo which have been
bonded in in the interest of a number
of local investors with the view of their
development on a large scale, bid fair to
contstiute a very important industry in
the distant future. The deposit on the
Henderson tract -which is the nearest to
the Amador Central railroad— has been
tested in several places, for the pur
pose of ascertaining its extent . and
quality. So far as this prospecting has
gone, the results are more than gratify
ing. It is intended to push the 'pros
pecting further before taking decisive
steps to place the enterprise on a pro
ducing basis. An expert railroad en
gineer was up recently and surveyed a
route from the Amador Central track
near Kerr's station to the quarry, a dis
tance of nearly a mile. The construc
tion of a spur track to a point on Sutter
creek opposite the quarry, and from
thence have an aerial tramway to the
quarry— a distance of 1400 or 1500 feet
the cars on the aerial line to be operated
by eravitv, the loaded cars bringing the
empty cars back. The aerial line has
not been surveyed as yet, ncr estimates
given thereon from an actual examina
tion of the ground by an expert. It is
roughly estimated that this preliminary
work will involve an outlay of $20,000
or more.
There is a demand at the present time
for between twenty and thirty thousand
tons of this limerock per year. It has
been subjected to' practical tests and
pronounced equal if not superior to any
rock in the state for sugar refining pur
poses. They are anxious to get it, and
the only question is to get to market at
a cost that will permit of a rcasonabe
margin of profit. This is the problem
which the promoters are trying tc solve
by railroad and ariel transportation. .
A meeting of those interested will be
called next week, when a permanent
organization in the shape of an incor
porated company will be formed, and
the scheme established on a solid basis.
There is no doubt that alt the needed
capital can be raised without ditticulty
by the sale of stock, unless unlooked for
difficulties Intervene.
Millers Best Flour— any Grocer any
where.
SUMMARY
OF NEWS
Condensed from AH the
Important Articles
of Interest
A pickpocket struggling with his in
tended victim, left his coat behind, in
making his escape from a Fillmore
street car in San Francisco. The coat
pockets contained a silk handkerchief, 3
dimes, and 4 nickels.
Policemen end the marathon dance at
San Francisco, after new world's mark
is set. One of the dancers poured
liniment into her slipper to kill the pain
in her feet, others had to be carried
from the floor, after 14 hours and 44
minutes of continuous dancing.
Work is booming on the Panama
Canal at Culebra cut, the February re
cords show marks that have not been
made since the big undertaking has
been started. The total amount of
earth cut was 1,259,413 cubic yards.
One steam shovel made a record of
removing 4,009 cubic yards of rock and
earth in a day.
Spreading rails on the Rock Island
railroad, about 4 miles north of Green
mountain, lowa, caused the immediate
death of 45 people. 40 are injured, many
mortally. Heads were severed from
bodies, and arms and legs were cut
off. Decapitated bodies were picked
up, and it was almost impossible to as
sert correctly the dismembered parts.
Italy's entire cabinet resigned on the
21st of March, due mainly to the reali
zation that their government's mercan
tile marine subsidies measure was
doomed to defeat.
A despondent miner shot and killed
his sweetheart, after she had rejected
his love, at Merced, California. Later
he surrendered to the officials, claiming
the killing was accidental.
Alzin Milton, rooming at 753 Howard
St., San Francisco, a cripple 45 years
old, was run down by an automobile
while he was crossing Powell St. in a
wheel chair, on Tuesday night. The
driver of the auto, who is known, never
stopped after striking the unfortunate
man. The victim was removed in a dy
ing condition to a nearby hospital.
Continued on Page 5
Rain Brings New Hopes
Abundant rains have fallen throughout
the county the past week. In Jackson
the rainfall has measured 4.05 inches,
making 24.7(5 inches for the season to
date. The storm this week was most
timely. Sown crops and native grasses
have made wonderful headway, and the
outlook for a bountiful harvest was
never more promising. The farmers are
jubilant over the prospect.
Reception to
Mrs John F. Davis.
A reception was tendered to Mrs
Judge Davis, who came up with the
Judge from San Francisco last week on
a visit, and to meet her many friends in
this city. The reception was held at the
residence of Mrs Marre on Saturday
evening last, and a very interesting time
was had. Among those present were
Mesdames D. B. Spagnoli, Sylvester
Spagnoli, Wm. M. Penry jr., C. P.
Vicini, E. E. Endicott, Frank Podesta,
Geo. Vela, Fred Eudey, J. W. Cald
well, A. Goldner, Jas Meehen, Geo.
Murphy, J. J. Wright, Fred V. Wood,
V. Cuneo, C. Schacht, Miss Roma
Spangoli, and Miss Ella Murphy.
Mrs E. Marre and Mrs S. N. Spag
noli were the principal movers in get
ting up this very successful affair,
which was thoroughly enjoyed by every
one present.
Unclaimed Letters.
Unclaimed letters, remaining In the
Jackson, Cal., post office for the week
ending Alarch 26:
Joseph L. Davidson, Dantonlo An
tonio, Mrs L Canesa, Joseph Lombardl,
George E. Hayes, Carl O. Johnson,
Miss Harriet Prout, Thomas Keynose,
Will Smith, Vldck Tusup, Kosto Vuka
sovich, (2.)
After Indian Family
Geo O. Grist went to Drytown last
Friday, and brought back an old Digger
Indian woman with her live children,
who will hereafter make their home on
the reservation. There are eighteen
Indians on the reservation at present.
ROBBERY AT
LODI HOME
Mrs. Voorheis Former
Manager of (National
Hotel is Victim
A press dispatch from Lodi, says
that the residence of Mrs Martha 'J.
Voorheis, at 1 10 Elm street, was entered
some time during Monday last, and
robbed of much valuable property. It is
supposed the burglars entered about
three o'clock in the morning. ' Nothing
was known by the Inmates until they
noticed some hour later that someone
had been around and helped himself to
eatables. An investigation was then
started, and it was discovered that a
japaned tin box, in which Mrs Voorheis
kept her jewelry and valuable papers,
was missing. In this box she had dia
monds, valuable coins, rings, pins, in
surance policies, memorial papers min
ing stock, and other things of priceless
worth to the owner. The matter was at
once reported to the authorities, and the
officials made a thorough examination of
the premises, but failed to find any clue
that would indicate the identity of the
guilty parties. Postal cards have been
sent out to sheriffs and constables, de
scribing the articles stolen, and a strict
watch is being kept on pawn shops.
Mrs Voorheis was former proprietress
of the National hotel in Jackson, and
left here about a year ago for the San
Joaquin town, where she has since
resided. She has a host of friends in
this city and other parts of the county,
who will regret to hear of her loss.
Tailor Goes to Sacramento
Sigmund Deustch, the tailor, has de
cided to leave Jackson, and return to
Sacramento. He will finish up the
work he has on hand, and leave about
the first of next month.
AGITATE HIGH
SCHOOL PLANS
Sutter Creek Circulates
Petition Favoring
Project
An agitation is on foot for the sub
mission of a proposition at the forth
coming general election for the estab
lishment of a county high school. Some
ladies in Sutter Creek are taking the
initiative in circulating a petition re
questing the supervisors to have the
matter voted upon at the November elec
tion. It is the prevailing impression
that the project of a county high school
would be indorsed at the polls. A
difference of opinion exists as to the ad
visability of submitting the question at
a general election, when the minds of
the voters are occupied with such nruli
plicity of issues, and the importance of
this particular issue would not be fully
appreciated. The voters would have
nothing to do with deciding upon the
location of the school. That would be
an after consideration, which would be
taken up by the board of education,
a unanimous vote of the board being
necessary to decide it. Failing to secure
a unanimous vote, the issue would
have to be submitted to the voters at a
special election.
New Residence for Broadway
Dr. A. M. Gall, has under course of
construction, a new 1 story bungalow,
which will be 38 by 48 feet in dimen
sions. The new building is located on
Broadway, on the site of his former
residence, which was destroyed by Hre
last fall. The work is in charge of
Thomas Le Mieux, a reputable con
tractor from Stockton.
Census Enumerators.
Miss M. E. McCaskey, the school
teacher in Astna district, has received
notification of her appointment as cen
sus enumerator in township one. She
has been assigned to take the census in
all territory of township one outside
of the city of Jackson. The enumerator
for the city of Jackson is not mentioned
at present. The appointment must have
been made, but who the successful ap
plicant is we have not heard. A party
in Jackson received word some time ago
that all the places had been filled, ex
cept in township three, which conveyed
the idea that the enumerator for Jackson
would probably be one from the outside.
There does not seem to be any rush
after these government jobs, as town
ship five and a portion of township four
are also unfilled.
You can get your. Billheads,
Letter Heads, etc., printed at
the Ledger for lesa than you
can buy blank stock for else
where.
TRY IT.
Fivo Cents Per Copy.
MINE NEWS
ALONG LODE
South Eureka Looms to
the Front Very
Prominently
Reports from the South Eureka mine
indicate steady work, and a good output
of ore for many months, and possibly
years to come.
A new sulphatis mill is the latest ad
dition to this prospering mine, and
many more improvements are now being
considered.
The mine will in the near future, in
stall a new hoisting engine with a capa
city of 450 horse-power, necessitated by
reason of the new mill, which is about
ready to undergo construction.
Ore taken from the South Eureka is
said to be the best the mine has here
tofore produced, and warrants all im
provements planned.
Centra Eureka— The Central Eureka
mine still continues sinking on their
shaft. The shaft is now over a depth
of 2500 feet, and latest information
gives 2800 feet as the level desired by
this company before drifting will aaain
be resumed. Superintendent Voorheis
made a trip to San Francisco last Friday,
and is expected to be absent for about a
week. ' ,' ''
Kennedy— This company paid a divi
dend last month of 30 cents per share,
aggregating 530,000. This splendid dis
tribution to the stockholders was from
the profits earned during the month of
February. There are few transfers of
stock in this mine. Stockholders are
content with the income from their in
vestment and are not disposed to sell,
except at a figure which investors are
not disposed to give. Between 86 -and
$7 per share has been offered for the
stock, without avail.
Zeila— Reports have been frequently
heard to the effect that a big ore body of
good paving character has been struck
in the Pleming extension on the north.
We wish we were in a position to
verify the accuracy of these Hying
rumors. It is no secret that the com
pany has been following a big ore body
on the north, and that the drifting opera
tions have reached over 2000 feet from
the shaft. The ore looks well, and
judging from appearance one would be
inclined to believe that it is of a paying
grade. But inquiry from those who
know fails to confirm the report of any
new and rich strike. Unfortunately the
rock in the north territory. It has
proved of poorer quality than that en
countered in old Zeila ground. Pros
pecting operations are continued in the
hope that the ore will improve in gold
bearing qualities.
A new ore body was found in the 2700
level of the Kennedy mine, which
promises to be good paying rock. The
new find has been opened up quite a
distance, and seerr.s to be widening.
The old shaft is still doing duty,
carrying timber etc. into the 23d level,
from which place it is hauled to the
new works. Considerable ore is still
being worked in the old mine in several
drifts, which is reported to be paving
good. This ore is all carried under
ground to the new shaft, which hoists it
at the rate of over two thouasnd feet a
minute up the new perpendicular shaft.
Copper Mine— Work on the Johnson
copper mine, three miles west of Jack
son, has been suspended, for the tine
being at least. Whether operations
will be resumed by the company tlia
held the option is uncertain. It is re
ported that other parties are looking
over the property with a view to pur
chasing. Good ore has been struck
and the indication for the development
of a paying mine are reported to be ex
ceedingly favorable
Champion.— Work is about to be
started on this quartz claim, situated in
Hunt's gulch, adjoining the Amado r *
Queen on the south. The parties in
terested are said to be mostly local men.
Sawmill Well Equipped
The new sawmill at the Argonaut
mine, which will be in operation
shortly, will be equipped with a large
rip saw, a crosscut saw, a wedge and
framing outfit. There will bj Installed
as motive power, one 50 horse power
motor and one 20 horse power motor.rnserfd at Tn« posTorncß at jacrbon as sbcond-class matter.
Tl||C PAppTJ is Kept °n Hie at K. 0. PAKE'S Advertising Agency, 770 Market utreet
i ilia i *\k Cl\ San FraoolHoo, CallfornlA, where contracts for advertUlng can ho made
or it.
EAMADDR LEDBER
Published overv Friday Afternoon
RICHARD WEDB Editor and Proprlotor
SUBSCRIPTION RATES)
Ons year (la nd vance '. IS CO
Jnoyonr (if not In advunoo) .'.tTT^TTiTTft'TTti^'.'Tr,, 8 SO
Six months I 00
Threo months „ 0 50
On* or moro copies, each .. OH
Legal advertising— pcrsqunicof 231 ems— Irirat Insertion Tl.tO
flu tsequont Insert lons— pe ! suuure-oach BO
FRIDAY ..' MARCH 2-,, 1010
SPEAKER CANNON DEFIANT
That the attitude of Cannon, as speaker of the house of
representatives, .should arouse severe criticism, is not supris
incr. He is only mcetiucr the same kind of bitter hostility
•that his predecessors in his hi^h position met belore linn,
and that will Ix- doled out to his successors after him. \V(."
were entertained wini denunciation or Reedism when tne dis
tjnjjuishea member from Manic was speaker of the house as
■we now bear of Cauuouisin under the present administration
of the speakcrshit) by the equally illustrious gentleman from
■ I huois. Reed, however, had the solid supnort ofitlielrepuc
lican majority- in congress to back Kirn up in his detenniua
tiou to thwart the democratic obstructionists. Cannon, on
i ' r ■■■' '■•■, n- i
the other lumd, has to face an .luiseeinly alliance between a
.... ' '.•. ' " . . .
sniall'facticn or' republicans, known as insurgents; and the
strong democratic minority: The combination when 'in solid
array can outvote the regular, ( republicans. The past week
has witnessed ou the floor of the house a spectacle without a
parallel in the annals of the dominant pert} 7 in congress. On
a strictly party issue the democrats, with the aid of their in
surcentialliesj-have succeeded in humiliating . Sueaker Can-
non, who next to' President Taft is the most powerful
official in the United States; Of course the democrats feel
lubilant over this notable victory, and particularly so on ac
count of its achievement by the reraforceiiient: of their ranks
■'■by the insurgent brigade. By a vote of 191 against 151 stand
patters the speaker was ousted fro:;i the committee oft rules,
and that coin mil-tee, heretofore consisting of five, members ap
11 - i •!*• ir '""ill "p.'
pointed by tJie speaker, w::h •muuielf as one, will hereatter le
composed of ten members — six republicans and four demo
crats. Pressed to its logical conclusion, this adverse vote
meant tho deposition of Cannon from the spfakerslnp. His
weak-kneed friends urged him to voluntarily resign, tliereby
savins: himself, as they thought, the further Humiliation of
being fired out by the democrats with the a:d at the bolting
republicans. But Caunoii was not built after the weak-knee
pattern. He declined to raise the white flag iv the face of
his victorious foes. He resolved to fight to a finish, and
stated that a motion to declare the speaker's chair vacant
would be in order. He defied them to carry out the program
to its ultimatum. This flank move caused the insurgent
group to squirm. It was up to them to put the control of
the house in hands of the democratic minority. And at the
crucial moment they backed clown. With only three
republicans siding with the democratic motion to oust the
speaker, Cannon emerged from the long-drawu-out struggle
triumphant. No man that ever sst in the speaker's chair
has proved himself more suited for that position than
Cannon. He has come out of this struggle the grandest
figure iv all the warring factions. It is absolutely necessary
to the conduct of business that the speaker should be en
dowed with extraordinary power. Experience — the only
iufalliable teacher — has shown that the speaker should have
a strong hold ou the committee ou rules With all the
talk about Cannonism, it cannot be shown that he has un
wisely exercised his great authority. It remains to be seen
whether the curbing of his power over the committee on
rules will be conductive to the conduct of legislative business
or otherwise.
The band of insurgent republicans are placed in a sorry
plight. They claim tttey voted from principle, and not from
a persoual grudge against the speaker. Cannon, however, is
not backward iv branding them as cowards, and however
galling the designation may be, it seems to fit the case.
They deserted their new-found allies at the critical time.
They were appalled when brought face to face with the
practical outcouio of their desertion of the republican lines,
and made haste to get back to the party they had so basely
betrayed. We believe they will have a hard time this fal^
when appealing to their constituents for renomiuatiou, in
satisfying the republicans of the righteousness of their action.
It is all very well for republicans to disagree ou minor
questions, but when it comes to a vital issue an act of party
treason is not likely to be condoned.
Editorial Column.
ll^K ___Jl?^™!M^^^J For Infants nnd Children.
11 ttSfiisi^' 18 m " atfe
fOH l '"i"lmiumuiij.i,.,,.i7nTri| T i^ rl jj=- ■mil ■•*■** H#*»WIUIH
tj ! AI.COJIOL 3 PEU CENT. < £*
thk'jk AVcge(ab!cPicparc(lonrorAs- t» j.v - Jf
WM _^S_^ Stomachs ondßmvdsoT 0 0/ IU 1
111 S^^^S Signature /Am
mil- . ~rr — : — i n / / ft r
|gSi.R : nomoJcsDigpstlbnflarfiil-' jr\f #C\^ili
iilf ! ncssandßestContalnsnetoi VA ff. l\ ftf^
3q3/* J; : : Opium .Morphine nor Mineral. ok \l \ |
fe||j:, Not Narcotic, j {ART
wiri 1 llf Hi
IMf 1 I jiUsowa* I fill A : Hj*
'F,^l^ii Cltrifofsuqnr- I /!^P If II O* O
■jK?!^! Apeiftct Remedy for Corisfijia- |
q»s;«l|i tion.SourStoiuach.Dlarrlioea 1 'As*> m (J|
ill 1 MSsimdLossOFSlEEß \-ijSJ DW3 Pfyil
Mil -pi ■ . \e
ill ?2f££Bsr ■ Thirfw fp^ir^
Exact Cc?y of Wrapper. th= ccmtawb eouwucv. ruwvoanoirf.
S. P. who will arrange to have tickets furnished
in the East without oictra charge.
For detailed inforiuation, literature, etc.
k3 'U' 4o> 3 ffl »1 i!~< 11l 'i* 1 '^i h /■ k '\.^ ME S \ay/ a
.1.0. STONE M. \V; GORDON
Dist. I'ass'r Agent, Agent
iSacrdinento. lone
■
m m
MmUWiMWM WMWiMWM MMUm mMMMMMmMM
JTCJ *** DEALEnB IN i»i>ls^*» Tgi
1 >&l General Merchandise I
w® Groceries, Furnishing Goods, Shoos, j$
m&i Boots, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, Mining H
Ml J\ Supplies, Lumber, Hardware. Hay, jm
Grain, etc., etc. ' <M
M Corner Main and Water St. fe
I JACKSON - - - CALIFORNIA 1
CALIFORNIA FIRM
TAKES MANY AWARDS
Eilers 1 Music Exhibit Earns Twenty
Nine and Medals at Seattle Fair.
Official confirmation of the awards
granted the various exhibits at the big
Seattle exposition has now been re
ceived by California firms who ex
hibited here. The most extensive nnd
unprccedental recognition, It appears,
has been scored by Ellers Music con>
pany. Thi3 firm, recognizing the im
portance of the event, arranged what
was admittedly the most comprehensive
display of musical instruments ever
made at n great international exposition
In this country or abroad.
The instruments exhibited were
placed in open rivalry with not only the
most widely advertised American rnukes
but also the best known makes of
musical Instruments of Germany,
France, Sweden, Japan and _ other
coeu tries were. 1 .; entered in competition!
It nppcais tlint in each and every clr.ss j
the highest graiid prizes were awarded I
to the instruments exhibited by tiic
house or Ellers;
Twenty o." these awards were of the
first order, termed the highest grflilil
pri/e, c:i/,'ht of the second order, termed
gold l : m6daiisarid -onclwas of .{lie third
order, n silver medal' ■: '" T '■'.
An artistic triumph of this character
has rievur biforc bc:c:i equaled, and goes
a',l6iig' : «\vav towards making j' goody, the
claims of this liotisc us to handling tha
choicest of Aniel'icajfi'best rauslckl in
j\i t ; .ic World's Fair in Chicago, ihc
sup re in 2 cward, bnV^gren'd -^weeping
diploma for highest excel i.r.i.ca for
pianos, boili upright and grand! vvas ;c "
si^vy?:! on the Kimball, r.nd tho"; iary at 1
the Ssatt!c.scxpO3lti&!i.i]c£ain av/crcad
thcPgran'd highest honors to the Kifnboij
pianos us .well as. fb.'the' Kimball pipe
(■[,-;,.!■, poiii of \vl:ic'i arc sold cxclu-l
sivcly on 'the coast ty-J-Eitcrs Music
A nr.v dcparlrnont for , ' World's Fa i rs
\y:a t!;a player piano department, in
whici! wer2 exhibited a'lsrge numbeV of
ii.o l)2it plsycr >piE.nos nov; on !!:.e
m3^ct.*o7&s:h i ighes| 4 -srand ay/pr'd wss
given to- the \ycll-luibwn Atitopiane,
which is now controlled on the Pacific
co^ibytiw.EihrsAUoichor:-.,-.
hi addition io "the abn'ye, thoi'ollo'win"
grand prizes for ■ ;"niiisical iiisiruinenls, 1
ctc;\ have b'eca afiaounced,'^.tJlo agency
in cir^.V erne being controlled by the
Eiilcrs Music company, Peerless c!;c
tric pianos^ Eilers piano- soundboard
etTd i i_mproved :Vi bboti systctiii the Welte
Mfgon', Pacjfic Q-jcc;i . orjnns, .Kinetic:
orgsn^lowec, ;Edisort Cylifi'dsr talking
m:Jthincs, Columbia Disc talking ma
chines, Eilcrs talking machinn ncoilsf,
Bilhorn foldirig organ, 1 . reOnishinj;
pia;io process;' 1 - I ; Hilers piano poiich,
Seuverns pinuo action,* improved piano
benches, gold'irieda'!s',v/ere* awarded r.s
follows: Decker & Son:;' talldhgfrna- .
chine.;. Marshall & Wendell pianos
were awarded a silver medal.
This is assuredly a fcir-reachih?, re
cognition of musical merit, setting
quite definitely, ;;s it doesj the; question
of supremacy and'.? leadership in the
different lines of pianos, organs, player
pianos, etc.
How Gpod News Spreads.
"1 airi 70 years old and travel most of
the time," writes B. F. Toison, o"
Elizabethtov/n, Ky. "Everywhere I g°
1 recommend electric Bitter:!; because 1
owe my c::<cel!eri! health and vitality to
them. They effect a euro every iinic. "
They never fail to tone thu stomach,
regulate the kidneys and bowels, stimu
late.the liver, invigorate the nerves and
purify the blood. They .work wonders
for weak, run-dow:i men and women,
restoring strength, vigor imcl health
that's i! daily jo 1 ;. Try them. Only
50c. Satisfaction is positively guaranteed
by Spa«noli's Drug
El Dorado Mine Booming.
The Lost (Jliar.ee mine of El Dorado
county closed its mill temporary while
it is sinking Us shaft. The shaft is
now 600 feet cissp. A very promising
gourge has been found which lies close
to the paving ledje that made this mine
prominent. The drifting und crosscut
ing is progress ing. rapidly, and each
day brings moro hopes of the new find,
which is now being prospected. The mill
will resume operation as soon as the
development warrants it.
Stubborn As Mules
are liver and bowels sometimes; seem
to balk without cause. Then there's
trouble-Loss of appetite— lndigestion,
nervousness, despondency, headache.
But such trouble fly before Dr King's
New Life Pills, the world's best
stomach and liver remedy. So easy.
25c at Spagnoli's Drug store.
Estray Notice.
Came to mv place, at Drytown, Ama
dor county, Cal., one spotted heifer, 2
years old; no brands visible, value
about $20. Will hold same In accordance
with estrav law.
Dated, Drytown, .March 17, 1910.
J. GARIBALDI.
Children 'Cry
FOR FLETCHER'S
CASTORIA
OFFICIAL MAP
Amador County
veys by D. C. CART TON, showing
township Rtid school district bound-
aries, ownership of all lands according
to nssesaraenfc roll of 1004, mineral
claims, ciwals, location o f all school-
houses; also a townslto mao of prlnd<
pal towns, nEmoly Juckson, Sutter.*
Owk, lone, Aandor City, Drytown,
■'■■--.-.
Plymoulli nnd Volcano.
Size (i by !5f- fi:et
Price, colored & rnountcd $10
j Plain and unmounted - <5
AMADOU LKDGKP. OFt'IOK
:,,-,v.-;..,.
■J Clitic i Tf HIJIL i^A .'
(j .jUU.SCI V JllO I7u C[>I»ilil()«l
Dyeing and Cleani.u; VJoflis'l
2'll ■'•■■—■-'—!
ST. GSCRGS HOTEI
VOLCANO, AJIADOS CO CAL-.
L. 11. Coo-;, Tropri'jl.or.
r;-J.tc-(i.ttof] and iVnoVri.tt'il/.'thVoi'isi out*
j-Jiist o.f U'.-c ;j r.i i i t i ; .- 1 . .^ t i • : i > for'couj; . ■ ; -:!
ÜblasiippM^ii with beEt io iul\ :
. ', ■■'.
'** '' ■ i^.i u\ "Oi ir ' I* **^ "i" id [? 't^''
% ttlftUtC; lilllCl |
* KEY/ MANAOEMKNT, *i'
f S
| W. 0- GHEE:! £SOi!....l>ropY §;
g Board and Lodging |
1 ■•■ ; *
§ AT IJBASONADLE HATES. g
$ ' |
$ Sample^ Rooms for Cotnmer- %
% ■ c ! r.l Travelers. %
t i 1
w Al! StagoH Ktop dt this hotel. 4
'-* *>
d jACiIoOiN CAD; $
V niyfl <y
•i <}.<WW •> J** "0 ' JO <> 'C 1C 1 O*C<* <3^''£' t <Jj> O O
Wholesnjo Dealer* ».ml Jobbers
Iv Imiwrted unU Doinestiv
Wines*Lipors*Opi"s
JACKSON CAL.
DIbTRIBDTINH AGBNTB FOR .T.F.MAH.
toll Ccunuc, Moot & Clmudon. White atm\
uud Prlvutp (Juvee Cbiicipneuu; Mureun l<ros.
Puerto do Santu Mivrtu Sherries: Koyul VVlue
Comniuiy, Oporto. Tort Wines; Dubna Freros,
Honloutix.CinrotsiindSimtoriios; CANADIAN
CL'JB WHISKY. Mlrnm Walker & Hoes, J.im.
lted, V/ulUorrlllc, Ontario Canada: Jobn da
Kuyper&Zoou, Cotterduin, Uiii; GilkuKuem-
mol, from J. A, Cilku, lterlin: Hartblc cniay
Urewery Coinpuny, RocbeHtor, N. V,, Knicker-
bocker Seer; Dogsliead Urund or Guinuess.
Htout and liass 1 Alu (bottled by Read Hros.,
London): Cantrell & Cochrune, llclrust, Ginger
Ale; Nhjjloo llruody; Relmoorled Amerlcau
Wliiaklcs.
J. A. Vanderpool
THE HARNESS MAN
Plymouth, Cal.
Has on hand a full lino of Harness
uuJ Hardess Fixtures, Saddles.
Uridles and Robes. Ilugjfles
an. Carriage 'ops mado
Also has on hand a lino of
that well known and thor.
ughly tried BAKER &
HAMILTON buggies.GET AN INTEREST
SacramentoßiverPowerCo
(Incorporated) which owns and controls one of tho greatest
sources of water power in tho West at Konnett, Shasta
County, California.
ELECTRIC POWER
Generated by the natural fall of a great river, offers
the safest investment of tho present day. Crops and
mines may fail, factories and banks may close their doors,
but the Sacramento River will never cease to supply its
power; and electricity, for operating railroads, for hoist-
ing works, mills and smelters at mines, for running all
forms of machinery at factories and on farms and for the
lighting of towns and cities, is a staple article in over-in-
creasing demand.
Situated at the head of the groat Sacramento Valley,
with electric roads projected in every direction and being
rapidly built, only 275 miles from San Francisco and Oak-
land, and 185 miles from Sacramento, to which points
electric power is now transmitted from Shasta County,
the market is practically unlimited.
Send your address at once and let us tell you how you
can make an investment now which will increase in value
ten times within a few years and yield a good income for
Representatives wanted in every town.
Address:
Sacramento River Power Co.,
Dept. 6: 202 Union Saving Bank Bldg.,
fc2s Oakland, California.
""semiannual "Report
OF
Public Administrator of Amador Co.
To the Hon. Fred V, Wood. Jndge of tho Superior court of Amador county .California:
The undersigned, the public administrator of Amador county, pursuant to the provisions of
section 1736 of tho Code of Civil Procedure of tho stato of California, hereby makes to the
Superior Court of Amador county, under oath, a return of all tho estates of decedents which have
come into his hands since said last return, the value of oach estato according to the Inventory
and appraisement thereof, the money which has como into his hands, frora every such est:ite i
and what ha'B been done with it, imd the amount of his fees incurred in each .estate, ami tho
balance, if any, in oach such o:;t:ste remuiaing iv Ills hands,
11. E. POTTER
Public Administrator of Amador County, Stato of California.
Espnnsp of
Administra. Ad-
Apprnisod Valun tk-n, Debts, Balanco min-
>amo ot Decedent ot Estivtc Cash liceeived. Funeral Ex- on Hand lstra-
■ ■ ■■ ■.■. .
O.'Zanzucchi 8809.00 $ KUO..UO tU2.Bh $308 13 <.:I.OJ UnsotUed
JohnVoai] Ko appraisement 65,. 40 - 81,00 21.40 Unsettled
Ann E Trelraso No appraisement Nothing vocoivod NnthlDgpalrt Unsettled
Frank A/Blchaidson, out
special administration No appraisement lfiM.on til.f.ii 25. on 'Bottled
Frank A.lEich.ardson. $1717. ffj 1652.1U 11. wi 157!. i0 \^i m Unsettled
John D; Baughmau ; 60,00 <;0.0:i . 10 00 41.0.1 4, -jo Uusottied
Sarah A. Sorlnn No appraisement Nothing rooeived C.Ol Unsettled
Ar.Jl.VftUuhttn 100.00 7U0.00 7iXU;O Noun iii.O!) Unsettled
A eostino lllasottl No appraisement BO.UO w) (W Mono o.:;o ;-r:uloil
H, E.'Pottar.'ihe PubllS Administrator of Amador. County after bting duly sworn, deposes
and says :
I was during till thu times tnenticooAln tho forogolng Btatement iho duly elected, qualified
and acting Publlo Admliiiatratorof AmiidorCoUQty'; I hi»va road the Foregoing return mudo 03
this day by me to tho Superior Court of AmatTor, County,' und kuow the contents thcroof, and
say upon oath that the r>:imii i;-i true to tinj lust of my knowledKe, laforruution t'.nd bolicf,
11 X I'OTX'i'JLv
Public Administrator of Amaiior Coauty,
isubsorib'ed and sworn to beforo ma this 18th diiy of Fdbninry, 1010. JOHX IiLOWEH,
fel?-i>l [SEAXi.] Notary Public in and for Amador Couuty, California;
Made from Besf jWheat
Witli Eest Machinea-y
By the Best Skilled Workmen
' i '-^ Wjlfll COXI VI2ICG yOUi*)«
Woodland Gram <k Milling Co«
MANUFACTURERS PS SAM TRAMCiSCO
Dui'iiiy tho rain; inontbs, bveryobo wauta v pair (if i^lioos that will hold
td.wtlicr even though lliov aiv soakcil throuL'h. Our shoos liavo stood
through 50 winters, and snow und ruin utui lea und elect liave no j dotci'r-
lnsTeffect uporithem. Our repulution for "Sold Shoe." M;uiui;u:tur-
oi'.s stands summer and Win tor. through till seusous, for all wcuthers,
Wo try our l)o«t to muko the best. That's why our customors huvo
Eat What
■
You want of the food you need
Kodol will digest it.
You need & sufflclenb amount of r\ Ciinrnrkti»#«
pood wholesome food and more than V/ Uf VjrUdrdlll.ee
this you need to fully digest It. Go to your druggist today, and
Else you can't gain strength, nor purchase a dollar bottlo, and if you
can you strengthen your stomach If can honestly say, that you did not
It 13 weak. "receive any benefits from it, after
You must eat in order to live and using tho entire bottle, the drug-
maintain strength. gist will refund your money to you
You must not diet, because the without question or delay,
body requires that you eat a sufflc- We will pay the druggist tho price
lent amount of food regularly. of the bottlo purchased by you.
When the stomach can't do it, y *
you must take something that will
help the Btomach. We could not aflord t° make Buc h
Tho proper way to do is to eat an offer » unless we positively knew
what you want, and let Kodol di- what Kodol will do for you.
jrest the food. Xt would bankrupt us.
The dollar bottle contains 2JS times
Nothing else can do this. When as much as the fifty cent bottle.
the stomach is weak it needs help; •
you must help it by giving it rest, Kodol is made at the laboratories
and Kodol will do that. of E. C. DeWitt & Co., Chicago.
AT CITY PHARMACY JACKSON
.
HATIQMAjL HOTIL |||
If
Jackson. Amador County, Cal. 1j
D. S. and H. M" MASON, - - - Prop's
Stage Office for all point?.
Fine Samplo Rooms for Commercial Travelers.
Lighted by electricity throughout.
■
The best meals for 35c and 50 cents.
■
First-class service in every way.
I 1
ifß m m &$ 9 I
!'''•'■ 1
I A a © ® .v ; .•■■■■■ ww p
1 . i
Wedflsday; March 30, 1910 1
H Because v/e have more stores, more factories, more opticians, more \
mechanics and more help than any three or four optical houses in |
'M I'nli Statz put together, our glasses are excellent and our prices right i|
I Our representative may fee cosisolted a! I
I p w R!iPcr\.P'hariiiarv «^x~
ll'Miij 1 1 IMS Mwl i%M*J f< i
1 625 X St. Sacrameiito ||
t- '-:■ A:d fit Sen Pranclaco, Ooltland, SicrtmentOi Stockton, Fnsno, Va)lc|o '■$?
. . ■ . ,
C* P*T^ A T ' * '*'■— '-'*—' -' ' '"' '
NEW Ss>R3!Nj6i &HE I ■: ?MA\ n r> & : j
Men's Faslorihg 1 ,, a .,,,., ,„.„., Au , :a !
Sovcral hu>it!ri-tl s:im;:.h's of ! -. ::■■>- ,
tiful Nf\v i-priiM/ ,111x1 MiinunT .vnixis, £"" i <rA3 Fl'^
of ti^,"v styU '* ''" Stockton. Cal. j
you will como ;nii| sec my lint*; z^'Z&^^^'z^s&zz^zz'V'.sizz'zPZ'ttzZzx
Como at once or drop me v pustal i --•
SiS SiSs! ° ;1 ymi uit1 ' niy Wen's Private Diseases Cared
■
KOt>ES«T 'iiOulNTjLlifJ quickly and effectually at your own h0r.13
07 E. Court kj>l. J^cUsoil! Cdl. Medicines with full directions sent to
Bales Atfeht hn- tlic charges $5,00 on taklne'out package?
Address, Mr.il Medical Dispensary,
Ths Copito! Tailors, Chicago, 111 Lo - !: Box 3o, senrranciso, cai. no.?
When you are
dry and dusty
Gilt Edge Lager
— OK—
Doppel Bran
Sacramento s famous Beers
On draught everywhere.
In bottles too
Sacramento Brewing Co.
P. J. RUHSTALLEU, Mgr
GRANITE AND
MARBLE WORKS
JACKSON, CAL.
Franatovich & Zarcovich, Prop's
Any one having Grantie or Mar-
ble Work to do should order fhe
sarno at once before I leave on a trip
to Europe.
Price 50 per cent Less than
Formerly.
No money required until the work
is finished.
Only the best Italian Marble used
for monument work.
Call at works near the Catholic
Cemetery. fell
t Sacranv^J^o^Cmmty^ \
I Records Will Show I
; -" II ■ ■ MIIIMI MBIIIWIWI II 111 I ]
I —THAT— I
tit %
» Since January 1. 1909. we have |
ft made 404 LOANS, aggregating \
I $984301.39 I
Nearly all this money has gone j
into New Buildings io the City %
and County of Sacramento. ' 'i
PEOPLE'S . I
SAVEP4GS BANK I
|j Wir. Beekman President |
H J. L Huntoon Vico Pics. |
i| A. G. Foljrer Cashier B
i| J. K. Iluutoon Asst. Cashier X
$ i
r(4 Send for Our Booklet !■
I "BANKING BY MAIL." Eg
Assessor's Notice
JacUson, Cal., February SI. Ii)10
For your 'oonvenleuce, i will be In tha fcl low-
lugyliiceH uusßßSlug Reul Property, Personul
Property, und collectlnii Road and State Poll
TOX9B for tho year lsno. ito prepared to pay
your personal tuxes and glvo in |a tull assaua-
ment li: t:
roDo Marco 7,8,9,10, 11, 12, 10
Lanchn Phiun March 1 »
nm-iiiL Vis tn Mnrcb li>
Forest Home unp Copper Hill Mureti 17, l«
Plvmoutn aiuiTh V-K'-ll ~"J, -J">
Dlpta M:ircli S3 rfi
Jaoksoa , Muroh 2'i
Ur.viowu and vicinity Mnrcb 2B :;>i
McLuußhllus Mnrcii S(l
Voli'iiao, Jlurdi Jil uml April 8
JOefondei 1 April 1
J'ltie Grovo April 4, r>
Ainuflor City April 0, 7. H, 0
Butter Creek April 11, u>, 18, 1 !, 15, 1i;
.Ir.cksoD April is till .limo SJ
Wltuu I will close ray Assessment liull
Uornuud is heroby nuulii for ynur Ko:ul ami
Poll Tax; it i.-i now Une, uuii liecomesdollnijue&t
Augusi Ist.
CLABENCE E. JARVIS.
fn'ii Aonessor
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.— O2I 73
Deparirnent of the interior.
[!. S. Land Oliice at ■ Sacramento,
California, February 1-i, 1910.
Notice is herebyfeiven thai William
'•■'/. Stewart, of Pino Grove, California;
who, on SJay 17, 1900, made H. 1:. No.
7D75, for EV> of SH 1 /, Section 34,T.own*
Ship BiN.°; Range 1-1 I:., Mount Dlabolo
Meridian; has filed notice of intention
to moke Final Commutation Proof, to
establish. claim to the land above des-
'.Tii:<.;il, before Use U. S. commissioner
for Amndor county at his oHice In Jack-
son; California, on t!)3 2Uth day of
March 1910.
Claimant names .is witnesses:
Walter Davis, L. \V. Jones, S. R.
Hensoni John B. Dijtrick, nil of Pine
Giovij, California.-
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
fc!B Register.
HOTICE FOR PU BL!CATION~627OS
— ___ —
(Isolated Tract)
PUBLIC LAND SALE
Department of the Interior.
SBcramcnto, Ccl. U. S. Land Orlioc,
. :./.7;j February 19, I'JIO
Notice is lierchy given that, a;'<
directed hy the ComraTsaloner of the
Qencrnl Land Oftlce, under provisions
ot Act of Cpngresa approved June 27.
1000.(34 'Stats., 517), we will offer ut
puhlic side, to the lii«tiest hidder, at
2^o o'clock P. M."; on the 28th day of
March; lino, vi this ottica, the follow
Ine-deseribed land: SWli of Nl-: i .J,
Section 31; T. 7 N., 15. 13 I-., M. D. M.
Any persons c'aiming adversely the
above-described la< d are advised to tile
their claims, or. objections, on or be-
fore the time designated for stile.
John cStfioffi
i • _
FROM OUR
EXCHANGES
News of Interest from
Towns Surrounding
County Seat
The lone Copper mine, so the Kcho
is informed, has begun shipping ore to
the smelters. The shipping point is
Clarksor.ia. Their first shipments were
made this week. -Echo.
It is reported among the wise ones,
that A. Caminetti will not be a candi
date this year for the joint senatorship.
Since this story gained credence, it is
whispered about that Will A. Dower of
San Andreas is likely to be the candi
date of the democratic ticket. If this
is the case the republicans will have
to select a strong man, or Will is likely
to walk away with the plum. He is
very popular in this county without
regard to party feeling, and the man
who defeats him • will have to be the
very best.— Prospect.
An unfortunate affair occurred at the
Grand Central hotel in Stockton last
Sunday night in which Edward T.
Murphy, formerly of San Andreas was a
leading figure. Murphy is the bar
keeper of the hotel bar and the victim
of the trouble was a man named Burke
employed as a porter. It appears that
Burke with several others were drink
ing in the bar and was very much in
toxicated. An altercation arose between
him and Murphy and Burke tried to hit
him with a stool. In the mixup that
followed the stool was broken and
.Murphy hit Burke in the stomach
knocking him through the door where
he fell on the sidewalk, fracturing his
skull, from She effects of which ha died
a few hours later. A coroner's jury
comprised of some of the leading men
of Stockton exonorated Murphy from
all blame and he was released from
custody. —Prospect.
Lawrence Gregory killed an immense
rattler near the Hamm ranch last
Saturday, the first one reported this
stason. -Echo
There is a persistent rumor that the
chrome ore found near the Horton place
is very valuable. This rumor places it
at 890 a ton, and maybe more. There is
a mountain of it, and if it is as rich as
that it would seem that capital could be
interested to do something with it. To
open it and get it on the market would
be a big advertisement for this end of
Amador county.— Echo.
Three boys at the Preston school
made a break for liberty Wednesday
evening about 7 o'clock. PariUs im
mediately went in search for them and
two were later captured near Forest
Home. The third one, a negro, is still
at large.— Ech*.
The copper smoke seems to be getting!
in some good licks lately. Last Monday
night it did considerable damage in and
around Camanche from reports. John
C. Cavagne.ro stated that of all his large
garden and grain, everything was des
troyed excepting the onions. It cut the
grain and grass back about 2 inches at
several other places in the vicinity, and
Mr Cavagnaro is willing to take an oath
there has not been a frost there the past
two weeks, it is also reported that
several grain iields south and east of
here have bscn dsinasetl the past week
or ten days, also a large field of grain
of iliiiph Van Vranken in San Joaquin
Co.. between here arid The
commitee who have been acting for '.lie
tax payers have been asked by several
who took in the last meeting, and by
some who. have no: taken part before, to
call another meeting at once to the end
that something might be done to have
ihe nuisance abated. But inasmuch as
a majority voted it the last meeting to
give the Perm Chemical Co. forty days,
to answer their resolution, the com
mittee feels that no good could come by
calling another meeting beforo that
time unless requested by the Pcnn
Chemical Co. — Prospect.
W. li. Albright returned Sunday
evening from a trip to the licaJ ot the : .
Sierra Water Supply! Company's ditch I
system, which took him some sixty
miles into the mountains to the east of;
Placerville, on the line '' between Ml
Dorado <md Amador counties! He went
in by way of the south fork of liii
American river and up the sUvsr for'; io
Silver lake. He found tnq snow on
upper silver fork from six to eight feet i"
deep, and packed quite -solid, giving j
every indication that it will be quits
late in the Season before ti is all melted
even if there should be no more snow
fall this spring. As the March storius
have not paid their accustomed visit to;.
the higher Sierra, it is confidently ex
pected that they will come later, and
that they will pile up a further storage
of snow in the canyons air.l on the
higher mountain ranges. The Placer
ville and Tahbe -road Is practically free
of snow ut the present time to near the
Pacific house, but above there l\ com
pletely blocked, uid will be lor weeks
Miller's Best riour-once kneaded al-FROM OUR
CORRESPONDENTS
AMADOR LEDGER^ ;
JACKSON, Cal,- MARCH 25, 1910
SUTTER
CREEK
March 24— Mrs Elliott Springer and
little son left Monday morning for
Plymouth, where she will visit her
brother and family a short time prior to
her depature for her homo In HuVnbolt
county, Nevada.
Mrs George Gillick left Monday'for
Grass Valley, upon receiving a telegram
that her mother was very ill at that
place.
The ball and supper given by the
ladies improvement club last Tuesday
night was a success, both social and
financially far beyond expection. The
ladies did their best to make it a
success, and are rejoicing over the ben
flt of their efforts. , The hall was
crowed with dancers some from our
surrounding town. Music was good,
and supper could not be excelled:
Henry Bauer, returned Wednesday
evening from a couple of weeks visit
to the bay city.
iMrs Minnie Eggleston went to the
Fremont to-day, to remain for a short
Miss Lucia Kerr and Miss White of
Amador city were visiting friends in
Sutter Creek to-day.
At Excelsior Rebekah lodge, I. O. O.
F. Wednesday evening Mrs Janette
Lehmann was elected delegate, to attend
the assembly, which convenes in Fresno
SPRING
VALLEY
Narch 22. — Quite a number of young
folks of this place attended the grand
ball in Plymouth, and all report having
had a tine time.
Robert Brown has returned home from
the mountains, where he has been trap
ping for the past few weeks.
Mrs Colburn is suffering from a se
pain in her eye, and is under the care
of Dr Norman.
.Miss F.lla Pnrnpii R.-id Myrtle Colburn
:<''.•'■.' a fc« :'-iy'-\ >i Amador and Sutter
■':-, i,/iij< ' ji is employed at the
]'»n:1 :vr..!K
WillfJfd Colburn is making his
regular calls in Soring Valley. Whats'
the attraction, Will?
Henry White is engaged in breaking
colts.
Mr and Mrs Al Taylor have moved to
Coffer Hill-
Mr Bastian and family have moved to
Sacramento, to make their future home.
George Ninnis is sick with the
measles.
Miss Mac Gorton is visiting her
cousin, Ella Purcell.
Jabe Ninnis is seen quite often at the
Colburn house.
A number of young folks from this
valley attended the dance at Latrobe last
Saturday evening.
Little Eva Allison, who had her leg
broken some time ago, is able to be out
on crutches.
Mrs T Meyers is suffering with an
attact of rheumatism.
George Purcell is busily engaged
making good roads.
Mrs Harriet Ybright and little son
returned home from Michigan bar
where she has been employed for the
past few months.
Mr Ezra Taylor made a Hying trip to
.Sacramento one day last week.
J. A. Vanderpool returned home from
San Francisco, where he went for
msdiccl treatment.
A surprise party was given at the resi
dence of Ezra Taylor last Wednesday
night. A happy evening was spent In
singing and dancing, after which a dain
ty supper was served. Those present
were Mr and Mrs Ezra Taylor, Mr and
Mrs Meyers, Mr and Mrs Ybright, Mrs
A. Taylor and Mrs Purcell. Lizzie
Kaufman, Ella Purcell, Alyrtle Colburn,
Mac Gorton. Margaret Allison, Edith
Ybright, Janie Taylor, Mac Cunnings,
Will Colburn, William Trelease, Jabez
Ninnis, Duds Allison, S Trelease,
Henry Allison and Tom Trelease.
Bob White is still trapping in the
mountains. Forget It.
Wg arc now rcadv to announce to tho people of Jackson nnd Amtulor county, tho
arrival of our spring" Goods. Pongies, Silks. Striped Novelties, Poplins, Piques,
French Lina, Economy Linons and French Crashes in all the latest shades, plain
SHIRT WAISTS— Never before in tho history of tho Rod Front have wo shown
such a choice variety and well selected stock of Shirt Waists for tho coming season.
SHOES —Hero again wo are complete for tho 1910 season, Ladies' and Children's
pumps, tics, Button and Lace shoos in Patent leather Vice and Tan.
Mens' Ties Button and Lace Shoes in patent Leather, Vice, Tan and Wine color.
Call and inspect our lino before buying elsewhere.
SUITS — Our 1910 Models portray some of the cleverest ideas in smart styles for
Sprinf Wear, we are open for inspection and comparison. Call and bo convinced.
THE RED FRONT
, JACKSON'S CHEAPEST DRY GOODS STORE.
Miw«jm,mi«iii-iiUMwaiiWJru.IJI'IIWI>J»U^MILUIUMWW£I^UyA!Jr3W Si W< *Wr '14t. 1i tVl l *!it itliMm^ UliirfZi VJ>£ V* iF^j ' t^iJI Ji tiZfl
AMADOR
BRIEFS
Dick Vance the popular young, mill
boss of the Union mine in El Dorado
county was in town Saturday.
The entertainment given by California
parlor No., 161 in Torres hall, Amador
city, Thursday evening March 17, 1910
for the benefit of improving the side
walks of Amador was a notahle success.
The ladies who had charge of the affair
are deserving of great credit. All of
the ■ performers were local amateurs
and sustained their respective parts
very creditably. A dance followed the
drama, which was kept up until an
early hour in the morning. We are un
able to give the net receipts as the re
turns are not all in.
• Mr and Mrs Thomas Lemin of Jackson
were the guests of Mrs S. J. Pierce
Friday.
Mrs Chas Mofße Jr. was a passenger
on the outgoing stage Saturday morning
for San Francisco.
Miss Idele Wbitehead, who has been
teaching school at Richmond came home
Saturday to spend her Easter vacation
with her parents, Mr and Mrs T. White
head.
Mr and Mrs Chester Lester were
passengers on the outgoing stage
Saturday morning. They were called
away by the death of Mr Lester's
brother at Ransburg.
P A LeDoux, who has been visiting
with his sister Mrs Frank Joy returned
to his home at Sacramento Saturday.
Miss Hattie Hjnks-n_of Oakland is
up visiting with her" parents, Mr and
Mrs Hinkson on her Easter vacation.
Her mother is still confined to her bed.
but is steadily improving.
Mrs S. J. Pierce, who has been con
fined to her bed for the past four weeks,
is steadily improving and hopes to be
out soon.
Mr and Mrs Farley Phipps and little
son, of Sutter Creek were the guests of
Mr and Mrs J. Phipps for a few days
last week.
Mrs Miller of Oakland is visiting her
brother Mr Hinkson.
Mr Grainger and Mr Gray arrived
here Wednesday night from Sacramento
where they have been for several weeks ;
their friends are glad to see them back
again.
Services at Methodist Church
A very Interesting sermon was de
livered by the Rev. T. H. Nicholas of
the Methodist church, on Sunday last.
The text was taken from the teaching of
Paul, and ably illustrated with lessons
of instruction. Necessity of keeping
the cross of Christ before the mind,
was impressed very forcefully upon
the hearer, as a means for being a suc
cessful Christian worker, and also the
difficulties that overtake those who en
deavor to bear the cross. Rev. Nicho
las described his interpretation of the
foolish ideas which the Greeks and
Jews held as to the crucifixion and
resurrection of Christ, and explained
that the Savior recognized no social dis
tinction, and that by the lowly, pure,
plain, simple teaching of his disciples,
he has established a religion that has
withstood the conflict or tyrants for
mote than 19 hundred years.
Enjoyable Birthday
Party at Clinton
A very pleasant evening was spent
last Sunday at the home of Mr and Mrs
Caesar Quirolo in honor of their daugh
ter, Miss Roma's birthday. Dancing
was carried on until midnight, when all
repaired to a tastefully decorated din
ingroom, and partook of the dainty re
freshments which were served there.
Miss Roma was the recipient of many
beautiful presents.
Those present were Mr and Mrs
Caesar Quirolo, Misses Roma, Francis.
Nellie and Josephine Quirolo, Amilia
Cuneo, Teresa Beneditta, Bertha Lintil
lac, Ella Smith, Mrs Mary Cuneo,
Lorenzo Oneto, John Quirolo, Frank H.
Firenzi, Nick Oneto, G. B. Romano,
Lazarus Arata jr., Frank Phillipine, Joe
Smith and B. Ralto.
We expect to have another good time
soon, when Miss Roma becomes Mr
Firenzi's bride.— Communicated.
Easter's Meaning
Easter is a day of joy for all Chris
tians. The resurrection was the pledge
of the triumph of Christianity. It
proves 'that Christ is God; that he
whom the Jews crucified was the son
of the most high ; that the fire which he
came to cast upon the earth was fire
from heaven ; that the doctrines which
he announced bore upon them the stamp
and seal of divine authority. Many a
wonderful miracle had Jesus wrought in
the course of his public ministry.
Healing went out from the very hem 'of
his garment, and his voice had power
over the devils who had torm2nted the
possessed. He had made the blind to
see, and the dumb to speck, nay, he had
broken down the barrier that sunders
the living and the dead. But great
though these miracles were, yet not up
on these did he choose to vest the proof
of his mission. He again and again
told the fact that he would rise from the
dead; snd on this he was content to
vest the asseition of his divinity.
Here, then, is the hinge on which
turns the Christian's faith; and so true
to this, that St. Paul does not hesitate
to say, "If Christ be not risen, then
vain is your faith and vain is our
preaching." Nor is it wonderful that it
should be so. Surely, in the stupen
dous fact of the resurrection from the
dead, all must recognize the hand of
him who is omnipotent. Great is the
power of mau, wonderful his skill; but
they have their clearly ascertained
limits. Men have power upon the
earth, and have used it with wonderful
results; they have drawn from nature
her most cherished secrets, and have
forced the unstable elements to reveal
the laws by which they are governed;
but one thing man cannot do, he cannot
lift his head among the grave clother,
nor bring back the tide of blood to the
pulseless heart. Only God can do this.
Christ, then, by raising hiself from the
dead, proved himself God, vindicated
his claim to divinity, and supplied his
apostles with a guarantee, which none
might Question, of the truth of the
message they announced.
At last Jesus has triumphed, "He is
arisen, he is not here."
St. Patrick's Rector
SHENANDOAH
VALLEY
Mar 24— Joseph Wrigglesworth, a long
resident of Aukum, El Dorado county,
died at his home on March 19. He was
born in New York August 10, J839." He
leaves a wife and two dauhgters, Mrs
Harvy Putman and Mrs Clara Hitht,
also two sons, Joseph and Claud
Wrigglesworth and many other relatives,
and a host of friends to mourn his
death. The funeral was held at his
residence at 11 o'clock Tuesday morn
ing. : The remains were interred in the
Shenandoah valley cemetery.
Ed ! Brijmfleld was the guest, of Ella
Maylone for. the past few day's.
Miss iMable Wilson, the Shenandoah
school teacher, and Joseph Davis have
been taking a few spins through throug
hout the valley and Plymouth vicinity in
the laters new auto, which he has just
purchased.
Frank McClary of Oleat is visiting at
Miss Brumfields. ■ ,
The crops in this vicinity are looking
fine, since the rain, which did much
g00d.., . O-U-Kid.
Arrested for Failure
to Provide.
A man named H. S. Cobb was ar
rested on instructions from the sheriff
of this county on a charge of failure to
provide the necessaries of life for his
family. His wife died in San Fran
cisco last week, and her remains were
sent to Sutter Creek for interment, as
she was a native of that town. Three
children were left uncared for by this
death. The authorities took the matter
in hand and a warrant was sworn out
against the father for neglecting to pro
vide. He was located at Sonora, where
he was taken in charge by the officers
there. Sheriff Gregory left to-day for
that city to bring him here.
Cobb left his wife and children about
a year ago while they were living in
Sntter Creek. MrsCobb thereafter moved
to San Francisco, where she was com
pelled to hire out to work in order to
eke out a living for herself and three
children, two of whom are now sick in
a hospital in that city. The complaint
was sworn to before the justice court of
Sutter Creek, charging the accused with
a felony punishable by imprisonment for
two years or $1000 fine or both.
Woman's Exchange-
The woman's exchange will be at the
office ofG. W. Brown, on Main street
to-morrow afternoon, and will be in
charge of Mrs Coombes and Mrs Parlin.
Call on them for cakes, pies and other
delicacies.
IMPORTANT
Base Ball Teams Attention
Before placing orders for baseba'!
suits this season don't fail to seeThorj t
& Conway, The Clothiers, No 435 1".
Main street, Commercial hotel building
Stockton. They make anything in the
way of a uniform, in any combination of
colors, style or price.
PLYMOUTH
LOCALS
March 23— Mrs Tom Norman, of
Sacramento, but formerly of Jackson
arrived here on Sunday evening last nnd
Is the guest of Mrs John Doman.
The dance given in Latrobe, by the
Plymouth brass band on Saturday even
ing last wb3 a grand success. Severul
of the young people of this place at
tended the ball, and all reported having
a fine time; 35 tickets were sold.
Isaac Long, who with his brother
Tom had the misfortune to get blasted
has returned from the Sutter Creek
sanatarium, and has Dr Boyson treating
his eyes.
Mr and Mrs Jarvis of Sutter Creek
have been in town for the past few days
on business.
Mr and Mrs Chas Walton look a trip
to Latrobe on Monday last, and while
there the horses became frightened at
the train and cramped the siirry in such
a manner as to break the pole out. No
one was Injured and arrived home
safely without further trouble.
went to Sacramento
one day lastj week on business has
returned to his home at Pigeon Creek.
Mrs J S Walton formerly of this place
but for the past year a resident of
Sacramento accompained by her grand
daughter, Evelyn Rector arrived here on
Monday evening last, where they will
make their future home.
Wild Roses.
Rebekah's Celebrate.
g On Wednesday March 30, the Re
bekah lodge of Juckson will hold their
annunal entertainment. The odd fellows
are the invited guests this season, and
,the affair promises to be a memorial
event. A large program has been pre
pared consisting of instrumental and
vocal selections. A sumptuous feast
will be served at the conclusion of the
program.
fone Choral Club Concert.
On Saturday evening, April 2d, at the
Pavilion in lone, a grand concert will
be given by the members of the lone
Choral club, under the direction of
Homer Henley of Sacramento.
They will be assisted by the famous
tenor, Mackenzie Gordon of San Fran
cisco and his accompanist, Miss Zuletta
Geery of Sacramento.
Air Gordon has delighted audiences
both in the United States and abroad,
and it will be a rare treat to the people
of this county to hear him.
An excursion from jackson and Sutter
Creek is being arranged at $1.00 per
round trip. Admission to concert, 50
cents. Make an effort to be present.
Surprise Party.
A pleasant surprise party was given
on March 19 at the home of Miss Emma
Lasswell, 1904 E. St., by the local tele
phone operators. Miss Lasswell. for
merly of Jackson, and well known in
this vicinity, has been an operator for
the last two years in Sacramento. The
rooms were decorated with crepe paper,
evergreens, and pink and white car
melilas, lit up with electric lights,
which made a very attractive appear
ance. Supper was served at midnight.
Those present were Lillian Sneath,
Tuzeana Perina, Linda Holtz, Anna
Tuckler, Viola Shaffer. Jessie Aldrich,
Mable Jenson, Kathrinc Dingle, Emma
Lasswell, Etta Weiger, May Gilbert,
Air and Mrs White, Airs Ladux, Will
Ladux, Mr and Mrs Gilbert, Lester
Parks, Ella Dittnoch, Elsie Dittnoch,
Clarence Gilbert, Rny Toland, Shafter
Aldrich, Will Toland, Charley Neff,
Joe Sanders, Will Claney, Bob Shanks,
Martin Clancy, Edmund Gilbert, John
nie Gilbert, Willie Gilbert.
Supervisor Grillo Improving.
John B. Grillo, brother of A. Grillo,
supervisor of township three, was in
Jackson Tuesday, having visited; his
brother in Stockton. He says that he is
doing nicely, and seems to be improving
right along. He was walking around
as usual when he got there, and to all
apearance was in the enjoyment of his
customary health. He has been under
treatment In Stockton for nearly two
months, staying with his brother Frank,
who has an interest in a livery stable in
that city. The reports of his condition
have been exaggerated, which his
friends throughout the county will be
gratified to hear.
Tue policies of this Paper aim to help
and not destroy interest in the comity.
You can greatly help us by fowardliiQ all
news of importance to the editor who in
turn will lay it before the reudinp public
Chamberlain's stomach and liver tab
lets are safe, sure and reliable, and have
been praised by thousands of women
who have been restored to health through
their p.entle aid and curative properties.
Sold by all dealers.
j; DONT HIDE YOUR MONEY jj
:t, — I
The man who hides his money ( >
 because he assumes to be afraid !!
<> of banks forgets that It was the ,!
J| bank that perhaps made the pros- < >
J perity possible which gave him ! !
o his money making opportunities !
2 Without the bank there would be <■
JJ no large commercial or business V
<> enterprises possible, salaries snd |!
J| wages would be low, and money f
J, making impossible. It Is the !'
a bank in the exercise of its func- ! !
♦ tion in gathering together the < ■
]; funds of a community and putting ] '
$ them into active use that has < .
♦ brought prosperity. i .
J| To hide money is to hinder and J |
S hurt prosperity by restricting the ' '<
♦ circulation of money. Bring your ; ;
J | money to the bank. " J |
♦ Bank of Amador County ;;
0 Jackson. California '!
BANKING
BY MAIL
Tlio Ktfioktou Savings mid
honu Society with resources of
5* 84. 000,000.00 offers every facility
for doing 11 banking business by
mail. Uheclca token pnynble
in any part of tue United Ktates.
Our system of unukiuj? by mall
lirmsticiillv briDgs this great
bauk to your door. lo open
\ an aooonnt with us, place the
amount you wish to start witbiu
tin envelope addressed to us and
by return mail you will receive
■ a bauh book showing tho
> amount of your deposit. The
1 Unitotl States mails are safe
™ and uo one ever lost a dollar in
Stbis way. Wo solicit the ac- M
counts of farmers, business men i&
nnd others and assuro them 11
courteous and lilieral treatment, [jj
| Kindly Mention this Paper I
; Send for free Booklet. I
I STOCKTON SAVINGS I
AND LOAN SOCIETY 1
Stockton, California |
J. H. LAINGHORST
Main Street, Jackson
Dealer in —
tUERIdI WATCHES. CLOCKS MMW
AND SILVERWARE
*t All goods warranted as represented
Repairing of watches Clocks and jewelry
specialty.
L. OETTINOBR 8. JI. KMflill
KNIGHT & CO.
Foundryl Machine Shop
Sutter Creek, Cal.
BUILDEKS OP WATER WHEELS OF
latest and most approved patterns, and
all kinds of sheet iron pipe. Every description
of mining and milling machinery mado at the
shortest notloe. Wo desire to call the attention
of blacksmiths and other workers in Iron to the
fact that wo keep constantly on band a lurj-'n
mid complete stock of bar, refined nnd Norway
i-on, gas pipe, gas fittings, etc, which vie will
sell at tuo LOWEST CASH PIiIOJTS.
A. BASSO
Jackson's Harness Man
Main street, opposite Globe Hotel
The (lnnst atisoi'tniont of Hui-hchh In .Tuckson.
Anything In the Utirucas lino can bo luul hero
reasonable rates.
All kinds of repair work done.
Boots and Shoes repaired. uu2o
I DAILY STAGE LINE-
• BETWEEN •
• JACKSON and EL DORADO •
« J. Stelncr, Proprietor. •
2 Loaves JackßOuevoiy morning at 7:30 J
O a.m.: arrives lit Plymouth 10:30 a.m. a
• Leaves Plymouth at (p.m.; arrives at •
i £ El Dorado sp. m. m
i ? Leaves El Dorado 7:15 a. m ; arrive* *
to at Plymouth 11 a.m. Leaven Plymouth •
<* at $p. m. ; arrives in Jackson at sp. m. •
' S Offices— JucUhou. National Hotel; But- J
z terCroetc, American Kxclmoge: Amu- ft
J; dor City, Aroador Hotel; Drytown, Xlm- Z
I S change; Plymouth, Forest House. m
' • Prompt delivery of packages. •
• This line connects with passenger *
• train* to and from Placervllle. •
> 2 THROUGH PARE • • • • M.50 2
I • Fifty pounds of baggage free. •
■ ••••BDOV««OOM6CCCtt«ee«»DON'T COUGH
It's a nuisance, and annoys thoso nround you. Take
Ruhser's White Pine and Tar with Menthol
Wo guarantee Ruhser's whito pi no and tar with
mcthol, will euro your cough. We recommend it
every day and it has never disappointed us yet.
For children or for grown np people this is a fino
medicine. It positively cures coughs and it doesn't
derange your stomach before the cough is cured.
Keep a bottle always on hand in your medicine
chest and you can count on being free of coughs
and colds all winter. Put up in oOct bottles.
RUHSER'S CITY PHARMACY
45 Main Street. Corner Court St.
JACKSON, CAL,
AMADOR LEDGER
JACKSON. Cal. MARCH 25. KMO
TEMPERATURE AND UAINFALL
This table gives tho Highest and lowest torn
peratura lv Jackson lor ench day, together with
ttie rainfall, as reoorded by self-rogl storing
Instrument!) kept at tho LodKeroMcn.
~.y-| i Si "• IS3
iTompi £H |Tomp!£.
Dato. i i Ij Date. I jg,
L.|H.| 2lj ;L.jH.!2_
Mar 1.11010 311 ' <•» ....!! 17 • ..! nUJ 75 0.05
"vj ! 31) 7« ...,H 19 i f>o: 7(1 ....
H .... iV 7T- I! 19 ! 4Si BS:0'78
4 i 45! 71 .;.,! 20 I 46 05 1.3?
6 1 41! 7J:... i| V!l ! «i 01 0.80
t) ! 41; 73' U SJ !*M OOO.'iU
7 JHj 73:.,..;!. ...1!3 I Ml 5« OM
S I 41): W'.vi i 8* I B0 56!.;..
st i 43 77;....! 25 y8: ..;...,
10 : 11: 77i....i »l ! .1 ..1....
1 1. : iV 811. .7.! 27 ! . I ..!....
12 1 41: HJO.U6 : 28 1 ..; . ;....
13 ; 40| W....:j A) | ..! ...i...
14 N585....H a- ■ .. ..;....
15 ! 3S ! 71;. ...: i 31 ....i ..; ..!....
18 I il[ 7011. 08 ! . I ..; . i...-.
Total rainfall for season to dato -21.7(i Inches
To corresponding period lust season 3:1.14 "
~.y-| i Si "• IS3
iTompi £H |Tomp!£.
Dato. i i Ij Date. I jg,
L.|H.| 2lj ;L.jH.!2_
Mar 1.11010 311 ' <•» ....!! 17 • ..! nUJ 75 0.05
"vj ! 31) 7« ...,H 19 i f>o: 7(1 ....
H .... iV 7T- I! 19 ! 4Si BS:0'78
4 i 45! 71 .;.,! 20 I 46 05 1.3?
6 1 41! 7J:... i| V!l ! «i 01 0.80
t) ! 41; 73' U SJ !*M OOO.'iU
7 JHj 73:.,..;!. ...1!3 I Ml 5« OM
S I 41): W'.vi i 8* I B0 56!.;..
st i 43 77;....! 25 y8: ..;...,
10 : 11: 77i....i »l ! .1 ..1....
1 1. : iV 811. .7.! 27 ! . I ..!....
12 1 41: HJO.U6 : 28 1 ..; . ;....
13 ; 40| W....:j A) | ..! ...i...
14 N585....H a- ■ .. ..;....
15 ! 3S ! 71;. ...: i 31 ....i ..; ..!....
18 I il[ 7011. 08 ! . I ..; . i...-.
Total rainfall for season to dato -21.7(i Inches
To corresponding period lust season 3:1.14 "
JACKSON
CITY ITEMS
Continued from Page 1
J. E-. VVilsou. Dentist. Hours 9a.
m. to 5 p. m. Phone— Ottice, Alain
75: residence, black 394: Jaclcaon.
I am prepared to go ont as nurse to
sick ladies in confinement. Mrs E. S.
Pitois. No. 73 E. Court street: " mlB
Ransom Sanders is up fram Sacra
mento on a visit, and to greet his many
friends.
Jas. E. Dye, who has had a severe
spell of sickness, is steadily on the im
prove. He is able to be around some,
but l?as not as yet resumed .iis work at
the bank.
The boy Digital!, who was operated
upon at the hospital two weeks ago, is
rapidly recovering, and is considered
out of danger.
Eastc services will be held at St.
Patrick's Catholic churcn next Sunday.
First mass at 8 o'clock; second mass
missa cantata at 10 o'clock.
Arditto Bros, of the Delta saloon
have iust installed a new lighting system,
known as the improved gasoline light.
It is claimed for this light that it is
brighter and more economical than
either gas or electricity; that it is suc
cessFully competing with other methods
in the large cities where gas and electric
lights are furnished at bedrock rates.
The lights in Ardilto's were started for
the first time Wtidnesday, and they cer
tainly gave a brilliant and satisfactory
light, the electric lights looking dim in
comparison.
Miss A. C. Gregg of San Francisco
is spending the Easter vacation with her
sister, Mrs Frank Duden of this city.
Arthur James, a native of England has
tiled a petition for his final papers for
citizenship.
Last Friday night, Dr. Griffin of
Sutler was called to Volcano to attend
the little child of Mr and Airs Joe War
sino, who was taken with spasms as a
consequence of its teething, the child
was in danger for 4 or 5 hours but
finally recovered and is now in a fair
wav of getting well.
Airs b". Schwartz left a few days ago
for Oakland, and intends to visit Los
Angeles and old Mexico before she re
turns.
John Owens, of the Oakland Manu
facturing Supply Co., is in town on
business. He has appointed J. Sobret
to, who manages the City Plumbing
company, 88 Main street, as agent for
the Oakland firm, whose specialty is
gasoline lights.
A very enjoyable dance was held Satur
day night at the Ratto ranch, located
about 3 mile south of Jackson, along the
south fork of Jackson creek. A
large number of boys attended the
dance. Sherman Clark and son fur
nlshed the music.
Eugene Bonti, residing on Brights
avenue, has made extensive repairs to
his dwelling. An extra room has been
added to the front of the house, and a
large porch built to the south and front
of the building. The entire house is
being re-roofed and when completed and
painted, the improvement will be a de
cided boom to this pretty avenue. Car
penters Senney and Lasswell are in
charge of the work.
Mrs J. B. Francis is seriously ill at
her home on Broadway. Dr. Adams
was called in consultation with the
local physicians on the case last
Wednesday.
Rev. S. Dabovich, of the Orthodox
Greek Church, arrived in Jackson Tues
day on business concerning the local
church organization.
Carl Bartlett came up from Berkeley
Tuesday on business relating to the es
tate of S. W. Bright, ot which he is
the administrator, it is expected that
the estate will be closed shortely.
Hole! Arrivals.
National.
E E Hundley, H B Getleson, H H
Hackctt, F Baumeister, W D McLeod, J
H Browning. San Francisco; H I
Willis, Sacramento; E D Boydston,
Volcano; W R Webster and wife, Mrs
W Q Mason, Defender; C L Webber,
Stockton.
Friday— Peter J Musto, Stockton ;
John Kinkaid, Oroville; O L McMullen,
Sacramento; James C Bieune, Chas C
Huff, San Francisco.
Saturday— D Michaels, G W Davis, A
Jacobs, S E Abrainson, E L Yens, I B
Clarkson, J C Hanley, San Francisco;
OMilich; S Korich.
Sunday— O R Morse, Stockton : M
Eudey, Oakland; J P Griffin, San Fran
cisco; C Wei land, San Andreas.
Monday— J A Murphy, Stockton; Mrs
H E Smith, Volcano; John Spencer,
Sacramento ; H P Gland, San Fran
cisco.
Tuesday--W Joast, S T Russell, F E
Reilly, X McManiara, J D Wells, Lee
G Osgood, H H Philbrick, San Fran
cisco; W C Gilpin, J L Glazier, G L
Price, Sacramento; B W Paul, Stock
ton; Carl Bartlett, Berkeley.
Wednesday— A L Springstem, W G
Pierce, j N Lostus, San Francisco ;
Frank Harker, Auburn ; W H Cook,
Sacramento; PS Mitchell, Tacoma; R
H Todd, Stockton.
Globe.
Thursday— Mrs C D Ginocchio,
Sutter Creek; Mrs Alice O'Neil, Stock
ton; Chas Dwyer, Tuolumne Co:
Oliver JNI Kimball, Defender; B C
Allen, Sacramento; S Mazzero,' Vol
cano; J C King, Martells.
Friday— Frank Burke, A W Peterson,
J E Sodersteand, E T Bolocul, Nick
Moore, San Francisco; John Roche.
Sacramento.
Saturday— Roy Strickler, Los Angeles;
Mike Moore, Wm Fass, San Francisco;
J M Moran, Eleclra; E J Crawford, San
Jose; Frank Barton, San Andreas.
Sunday— J Hamilton, Stockton; Ceo
P Corter, Sacramento; Thos IVI Jccye,
Defender; J J Kingston, San Francisco.
Monday— Geo M iMahn, San Fran
Cisco; U Reeves, Amador; P M Ricci,
Stockkn.
Tuesday— C H McKeuney, Sutter
Creek; J Grillo, Volcano; Otis L Web
ster, C Bradshaw, Pine Grove; O O
Torre, Stockton ; C Locke, S Row, Sun
Francisco.
Malson Ranch for Sale.
Ranch of 55 acres. Partly under culti
vation, balance good grazing land. All
under wire fence. Good 6 room dwel
ling, two barns, cattle corrals, and
blacksmith shop. Windmill and water
system. Situated between Amador City
and lone. For further particulars, in
quire of Mrs Alice Patterson, Jackson,
fe 11-tf.
DIED
wI<IGcXESWORTTr^^ hi
Dorado county, March 19, 1010,
Joseph Wrigi'lesworth, a native of
New York, aged 70 years 7 months
and 9 days.
HOLD BOGUS
BILL PASSER
Prisoner Passed Confed
erate Money on His
Victims
D. Braghero, who was arrested In
Sacramento last Thursday as stated in
the Ledger last week, was brought back
to Jackson by deputy sheriff Connors, on
Saturday, and is now confined in the
county jail, awaiting further action. It
appears that he was handling paper
money issued by the confederate govern
ments in war times. At the same time
he was engaged in selling lots in Sunny
side district in San Francisco. The
particular offense that led to his appre
hension was the passing of a con
federate §5 bill upon Louis Galli in
New Chicago. He tried to work off
some of the same stuff on Frank Gaz
zera in Urtyown, but Gazzera was sus
picious. From the appearance of the
proffered money in payment for drinks
he concluded that it was no account, and
told Braghero so, and that he could have
the drinks free, but he would not take
his paper money. It seems he had
quite a stock of the bills. He tried the
gams on Cappelini, in New Chicago,
and failed. At Jos Poinelli's place on
Sutter hill he offered a 820 bill. The
proprietor saying he had no change, he
tendered a $10 note of the same sus
picious hue— of a yellowish color. This
being declined on the same ground of
lack of change, he produced a $5 bill,
but Poinelli did not want any of that
sort of money.
After he escaped from constable
Tuttle on Sutter hill, while the officer
was enroute win his prisoner to Jackson
to lodge him in jail, he went to Sutter
Creek, and passed the night tliere at the
house of an Italian. Next morning he
came on to Jackson and had breakfast,
Dassing though this city while the
oeffiers were searching for him in the
valley. He went on to Paloma, and
thence to Sacramento, where the
officers got on his trail and captured
him. It appears that the offense of
passing confederate money did not come
within the jurisdiction of the federal
courts. The money is not counterfeit,
although just as worthless. The district
attorney has been looking into the
matter, and finds that it is an offense
under the state law— passing fictitious
money. So that the accused will be
prosecuted in the superior court on a
felony charge.
The $5 bill passed on Galli is in the
hands of the officers., aJso another con
pederate bill which was found in the
fosbession of the accused. His grip, in
which he is supposed to have concealed
his wad of this bogus stuff, has not
been captured.
POLITICAL ANNOUNCEMENTS.
JAMES MUSHETT.
Independent Candidate for
CITY MARSHAL
Of the City of Jackson-
Election Tuesday, April 11, 1910
J. A. B. WILSON
Hereby announces himself as an In-
dependent Candidate for
CITY MARSHAL
Of tho City of Jackson.
~ MATTHEW JOY
Independent Candidate for
CITY MARSHAL
OI the City of Jackson.
W. D. DTJFRENB
Independent Candidate for
CITY MARSHAL
Of the City of Jackson.
Election Tuesday. April 11, 1010
A. L, REALE
Of Voli'uno, announces himself a can-
didate for tho Republican nomination
for the ottice of
COUNTY RECORDER
At tho August Primary Election.
Special Small Ads.
AdvertUemHQts UDder tins lioud, not exei-H-
lag 6 Hues, will be Inserted ut 6(Jo pur mouth, S
cents per Hue far loan thuu ooe mouth
l''OK KENT. --The Btore premises
now occupied by ttte Red Front, ou
ftlnin street, Jackaou, opposite the
(jlobe botel, For purtinulurs apply
to Ueorge Weller, .iHokaou.
Receipt books, looutiou blanks, deeds
mortgages, promissory notes, etc.
for sale: also uiiuiug &IkuuU ou
cloth at Ledger nfllae
Jho biKK«nt olubbiug otter ever
muile. Amador Ledger atid ISullutin-
tbe leading ereuiog daily paper of
San Irauoisoo, only $3 por year, in
mlvuuce, ISubecrlbe now.
SUMMARY
OF THE NEWS
Continued from Page 1
Forty Piltsburg councilmen confessed
to receiving bribes that amount to 8102,
(XX), and many are indicted by tbe grand
jury and held under $500 bond.' Mem
bers of the present and former boards
are accused, and must stand trial.
Rev. Lambert Lods Conrardy sends
word to friends in Chicago, that he Is
dying of leprosy, among the leners neer
Canton, China. The aged missionary
has bctn working among the afflicted
Chinese more than 20 years, and about
2 years ago established the colony at
which place he is supposed to have con
tracted the dreaded disease now killing
him.
Joy riders in a speeding auto, flred
point blank at a mounted policeman in
Oakland, after he attempted to check
their speed. The men made good their
escape, as neither riders nor machine
could be locr.t2d by the police.
The Pacific fleet left San Francisco on
Tuesday morning bound for Santa
Barbara, where they will have target
practice. As the South Dakota was in
the act of hoisting her steam launch to
its skids, the cable parted, and the boat
plunged beneath the waves carrying with
it a crew cf 0 seamen. The sailors
managed to escape from their death
trap, and come to the surface. They
were all picked up by the blue jackets
from the man-of-war, and the ship pro
ceeded on her journey without attempt
ing to recover its lost launch.
A policeman named Smith of the
Oakland force, while on duty and wear
ing his full uniform, was held up and
robbed of his revolver and cartridges by
highwaymen.
New England and British North
American coasts have been the scene of
aopauling disasters in the winter,
which has just past. 225 persons have
perished by shipwreck, and 83 vessels
met their fate. The total loss will
reach $1,000,000.
Maybray gang received heavy sen
tences at Council Bluffs, Iowa; 10 of
the members were sentenced to 2 years
imprisonment, and 810,000 fine. They
were charged and sentenced for exten
sive swindling, and by fraudulent use
of the mails.
Rich gold ore pockets were shaken out
by blasts in a mine at Downieville,
Sierra Co., which contained many
thousand dollars worth of gold.
A fund of 525.000 has been subscribed
by less than 25 people for advertising
the possibilities of the Sacramento
valley. The object in view is to urge
farmers to settle in the vast tracts of
fertile country, and thus benefit the land
of the setting sun.
•Peaceful settlement of war between
fireman and railroad companies, averts
great railway strike, which was pending
in Chicago.
Premature explosion resulted in
severely injuring a miner named Fred
Nix, at an Oroville mine in Butte co.,
California.
A man giving the name of J. M.
Walsh Jr.. and one named Boswick, ap
peared at a newspaper office in Stock
ton recently, and represented themsevles
as advertisers, after obtaining figures on
a page of another newspaper to be pub
lished Jaily. They promised not to col
lect any money until atfer the first ap
pearance of their proposed newspaper
directory, but contrary to this agreement
they made several collections, and then
disappeared without appearing again at
the newspaper office.
The Panama exposition to be held in
1015 has been decided at the Santa Bar
bara conference to be held at San Fran
cisco. Los Angeles business men
favored the western metropolis as the
proper place for an undertaking as gig
antic as the 1015 fair is proposed to be
and all voted in its favor.
Santa Cruz superior court judge de
cides vaccination law is unconstitution
al.
A gang of opiun smugglers are dis
cove-ed by the arrest of a young bar
tender on Potrero Aye., in ian Fran
cisco. Packages were sent over Mexi
can and Canadian border and boldly
distributed through Frisco agents.
Two young girls 18 years old attired
as boys, one the daughter of a promi
nent Los Angeles official masqueraded,'
through Chinatown and were arrested on
suspicion and locked up in San Fran
cisco prison.
A southerner shot and killed a negro
porter, and then kills conductor who
tried to capture him on the Royal Blue
limited train bound out of Washington,
D. C. for New York city. The train
was surrounded by officers at Wilming
ton Del., and the murderer was shot to
death before surrendering.
Major Slocum's wife was killed in an
auto wreck in Washington D. C. A
street car struck the automobile, com
pletely wrecking it. Major General Bell
who was also riding in the car narrowly
escaped death, receiving a broken rib
and several cuts on his head and body.
For Coojaigfhs aracS CoScfe
Troubled with a cough? A hard cold, bronchitis, or some
chronic lung trouble? There is a medicine made for just
these cases— Ayer's Cherry Pectoral. Your doctor knows
all about it. Ask him what he thinks of it. No medicine
can ever take the place of your doctor. Keep in close
touch with him, consult him frequentljvtrust Jiimj fully.
No alcohol in this cough medicine. J^^^^^l^hM^'m
Ayer's Pills. Sugar-coated. All vegetable. Act directly on the liver. Gently laxa-
live. Dose, only one pill. Sold for nearly sixty years. Ask your doctor about them.
UOCUMENT3 RECORDtD.
|Tbe following Instruments have been tiled
for record In IHe recnnlor's Office since our lunt
report. We publish » OOtEplela lUi nf doou
tntntß rcuorduil, nnd nmnt diicUun to Bouede to
niv rcqut-Mt to piippresx any document from
t i«h« culumts. Unn'tnfik us to do s.»
D:eds— Mary Stiillwagon to Kitty
Dickson, the Stillwagon ranch, except
ing (50 ucres, near Plymoutth, $10.
John Lagomarsino to E J Crawford, "0
acres in 15 and 22-7-12, $10.
Louie Foppiano et ux to the Fremont
Con M Company, an undivided one
half interest in the Bona Fortuna quart/,
claim, near Plymouth, #10.
Locations -Newton 1 Vose locates 20
acres in the Robinson district.
Certificates of Redemption— E Picker
ing on land in 15 and 22-7-11, taxes of
1008, 811,51.
H Parrish on 100 acres in 15 and 22
7-11, taxes of I'JO7, §13,05.
Satisfaction of .Mortgage— Tanner to
Whitmore.
Agreement— South Eureka M Com
pany agrees to pay to John Toman and
wife a royalty of $1 per ton on ore ex
tracted from the land of the party of the
second part, when such ore shall be in
excess of the value of §2 50 per ton, and
shall be mined between the 1800 and
2400 foot level of said mine where such
level penetrate said land of the parties
of the second part. Said royalty to be
paid on the 15th of each month.
The Cosumnes irrigation Company
agrees to sell to Charles Lorcntz 20
miners inches of water during the irri
gation season for $40 per annum, and
other conditions.
Mortgage— E J Crawford et al to John
Lagomarsino et al— 7o acres in 15 and
22-7-12, 87,000, payable within one year
after March 15, 1010, with interest at
the rate of 5 per cent per annum.
Order — Order confirming sale of real
and personal property in estate of F M
Whitmore, filed.
Cancellation of Judgment— W D Du
frene vs J E Stirnamann et al.
Patents— U Sto John N Lofstad on
Oro Grande quartz lode, Volcano dis
trict.
U S to John W Lofstad on Red Tape
quartz lode, Pioneer district.
Oakland Manufacturing
and Supply Company
852 Market St., Oakland, Cal.
This letter ami extract aro copies
from the originals on tile in our office.
Lack of space allows us to publish
only this one. We have many hund
red, all written voluntary, "without
request or cousideration.
EDITORIAL COMMENTS
GASOLINfc LAMPS THE SAFEST 1 .
L. F. Andrews, Expert for the State
Board of Health, Jks Monies, loan,
Gives Reasons for Suyiny It.
Former export for the state board of
health. L. F. Andrews, was asked to
duy for his opinion of gasoline lamps:
"It is truo I have hud some experi
ence in that direction. I have had
placed in my hands during- the eighteen
months samples of nearly all the differ
ent kinds of gasoline lamps made and
have given them thorough practical
tests. I may bay. forcod tests — that is
test to which they wouid not be liable
In ordinary U9e, and I believe them
safe— safer than a kerosene lamp, dur
able, economical, clean, brilliant in il
lumination, and easily handled. Such
is their construction they may be safe
ly sai J . to be non-explosive. I have
tested them carefully la that direction.
The apparatus for generating the vapor
in these lamps Is bo constructed that no
air can possibly come in contact with
the gasoline from the time it leaves tbe
reservoir until it leaves the pas orifice
as dry hydro-carbon pas and the gas
orifice is no larger than the point of a
fine cambric needle. So exceedingly
light is this yas. that should a lamp
aecidontly fall, the s-hork would ex
tinguish it. so really the only source of
dang r of these lumps in in filling: tho
reservoir when tho lamp is burning,
contrary to ull positive instructions
given with every lamp, and contrary
to every suggestion of common sense.
"Yes I must say I believe them safer
than a kerosene lamp, for a kerosene
lamp will explode when burning, uml Is
liable to do so from many causes. I am
sustained in this belief by the, fact that
in the 15 years gasoline lamps hare
been in use— millions of them — not an
accident from them has i« n known to
occur, while the loss of life and proper
ty from tho keroseno Jump has been
enormous. If h kerosene lamp is bro
ken when burning, a conflagration Is
almost. Inevitable,
"With publio coi.mienca assured of
its safety, I think the gasoline lamp
will supersede) tho keroseDe. Fire in
surance companies permit their use if
they have been tested and approved by
tbe Consulting Engineers of the Na
tioi.al l.oard of Fire Underwriters." —
Iks Jluines Jhtily JVciin
Just received full line of pas and
L'usoliim lighting plants and supplies.
Lighting 1 systems iiuialled on trial.
Have a light plant of your own and
save .from 50 to 75 percent of your
present light bill and havo a better
light. City Plumbing and Tinning
Shop, 88 MaiuSt. J. Sobretto, Prop.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
foe Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tho /^f J' "
Signature of C&a4*yj( T-c!cZcdUM
New California Patents.
The following new patents have been
issued at Washington, D. C. to Cali
fornia inventors, and reported by Pacific
Coast Patent agenc, Inc., Webster &
Webster, managers, Stockton, Calif.
W. C. Anderson, San Jose, raisin
seeder; John Barker, San Francisco,
carpenters' square; W. F. Barnes, San
Francisco, basket making machine: A.
P. Addison, Brawley, beveloping ap
paratus; Arthur Doan, Oakland, air
brake system ; Lina Faber, San Ber
nardino, tire protector; J. H. Jacobson,
Eureka, wrapping machine; R. H. Me
Gaughey, Campbell, disk harrow ; John
Mignola, Jr. Alameda, vise; M. C.
Neuner, Los Angeles, bookbinding.
Female Trouble Cured.
Another lady of Sacramento, promi
nent in the Daughters of Rebekah lodge,
is Mrs Cuttenburger of 3131 street. For
the past five years she has been a
sufferer from female trouble, and her
gratitude to Fer-Don's Medical Experts
for the cure effected in her case is best
in her own words. Mrs Cuttenburger
says :
"My mother and I were extremely
worried about my condition, having
several physicians during the past five
years. But none of them seemed to do
me any good until we found Fer-Don's
specialists.
"The 25th of last October is a day I
will never forget, as it was on that day
1 began treatment with these truly great
doctors. Prior to that time I had severe
nervous spells, female trouble and
dizziness. I felt tired and worn out all
the time and just like every step was
going to be my last. Spells would last
a few minutes, for three times a day,
and almost every month 1 would have
extremely severe ones.
"I have not the least of any of these
symptoms now; have gained seven
pounds in weight ; can attend meetings
of the Rebekah order, to which I be
long, and would not take $1,000 and be
back the wav 1 once was.
"For the benefit of those who are
suffering as I have suffered, and hoping
that these few words may be the means
of pointing their recovery of health, I
volunttrily and gladly make this state
ment. Fer-Don's specialists are cer
tainly all right, and if disease can pos
sibly be cured they can do it."
Tte above testimonial is only one of
many hundreds received from grateful
women from Sacramento and vicinity,
as well as other portions of the conutry.
each of whom are loud in their praises
of these experts. Wherever these
learned physicians have remained for
any length of time— Los Angeles, San
Francisco, Oakland, and all large cities
of the east — they have brought sunshine
and happiness into the lives and homes
of hundreds of suffering mothers wives,
sisters or sweethearts by their wonder
ful cures.
LIBERAL OFFER.
All persons who call at the head
quarters of Fer-Don's Medical Experts,
1010 Eighth street, Sacramento, between
now and April 15, 1910, will be treated
by them for cost of medicine only. No
extra charges are made beyond the price
of the medicine required in each case to
complete the cure, except a fee of $1.00
for examination. This offer expires
April 15, and will positively not be ex
tended.
Pacific Coast
Casualty Co.
CASH ASSETS $9r0,125.00
An established California Company,
with a splendid record, writing all
claosi's of Liubility insiirunco.Hurjjlary,
I'lutti GlitM and Fidelity arid Surety
Uomls. It keeps your raonev at home.
Ptttroulna the Homo Co. Head office,
426 Merchants Exchange
Bldg. SAN FRANCISCO.
The Marshall A. Frank Company
General Agents.
416 Montgomery St., San FranciscoNEW CENSUS
IMPORTANT
For Good of California
All Available Informa
tion Should be Given
The coming national census is of
more than passing interest to Cali
fornia, I ir on its showing of population
depends additional representation in
congress. The California development
board, in its compilations of popula
tion, has made the estimate of a total
in the state of more than 2,500,000, and
if this estimate be vertifled by the com
ing census it will mean that the state is
entitled to five more members of con
gress.
At the recent monthly meeting of the
California development board it was
shown that much of "the Inaccuracy of
the census is due to inattention of those
directly interested, as well as through
the fact that many foreigners do not
understand the object of the census
enumerator visiting their homes and re
fuse to give necesasry information.
For the good of California it is urged
upon every citizen of the state that he
take it upon himself to see that not only
himself and family are properly enu
merated, but that his neighbors are also
placed on the rolls. To those who do
not thoroughly understand the object and
meaning of the census, information
should be given that will induce thou to
tend their etfiorts to making the enu-
The people of California are much
more interested in the outcome of this
census tnnn are those of other states,
for there is no doubt that the increase of
population in the last decade has been
far greater than we arc given credit for.-
At the monthly meeting of the Cali
fornia development board a resolution
was adoped calling on the newspapers of
Ihe state to publish dl available infor
mation regarding the census, in order
that the people may be fully advisee!
concerning its importance.
County Short of
Census Enumerators
Mondesta. Calif., March 18, 1910.
Amador Ledger, Jackson : It may be
of interest to your readers to know that
I have no. qualified applicants for a
position as enumerator in the township
of Plymouth, in your county, and also
in the eastern half of Sutler Creek
township. It is not necessary that [Itlie
enumerators he residents of the town
ship for which they are appointed, but
it is desired that such be the case.
The compensation paid to enumerators
in these townships' will be $5.50 per
day. If any one; wishes such appoint
ment lie should write to me at once,
otherwise I will be compelled to give
the position to applicants residing out
Escaped Death VaJlcy and Lives;
In the March Wide World Magazine
is j;iven the story of a man who, alone
and unaided, conquered De::ti: vnllev in
theihottestTmonth of the d:sert year.
The tdc of awful suffering. endt:re:l by
this man, H. \7 /rtanlon of Rynoiite,
0.1., ia told for the (irst time. For al
ir.ost a we:!: Manton v. r as lost in the
iica: of Death valley, in Hires days he
tramped clghtvmiJes over, sands so),'!!ct
tU-M 'no could ;;s'carcely"'i« ; oiis on thim,
though shod v.; in heavy shoes. ; During
trjosc never •eh'ding days he had no foe d
Pbut one drink of water.
lien lie ktaggirsd up to Cub Lee's
:;c: cruo!; ranch, mnre dead then
:',.-, his totique v.!i:. G'.voilcn to finch' a
size that his nioiitii could no longer c'oii
tain \t His iips and eyelids ucrc
i : ...k'.'-.l open ; !:iti clothing y/as in tal
tb'rs, and his shoes v/ere 'coated with a
heavy incructr^tion of borax sincj other
slk:lines which had eaten grrat holes
At first l;c could not drin.'c, end the
vouch of; water was as fire (ov;liis
parched lips and tonjjuo. Kind-hearted
ranchmen and miners forced i ,.-,t;ie
precitiua'lluid into his ntouth with ;>
*traw, witii v spoon— any w»y to get
him revived. And eventually he spoke,
telling tlio story of his crossirife
,U;c dread pit; of, how he wandered
therein for many days with no coin
plnipns^evo tie lizards and the snakes
of tho burren sands.
The Stay-Satisfaciory Kind.
Ihe Photos turned; out by LOGAN,
Stockton's busiest : photographer, arc
ih; kind that satisfy you every iniiuito.
A thorough knowledge of- the .I'usln'ts^,
the best of tools and , workmanship, !;ll
cornblrie lo asttirv you of bes^ results*.
Slips of Schoolboys.
The schoolboy "howler' Is always
popular. The following selections from
a large number which were snnt in for
a prize competition arranged by the
University correspondent ore excellent
examples of tho mistakes which pupils
perpelate :
Women's surf rage is the state of
suffeing to which they were born.
The earth is nn obsolete spheroid.
Lord Raleigh was the first man to see
the invisible nrmada.
Shakespeare founded As You Like It
on a book previously written by Sir
Oliver Lodge.
Tennyson wrote "In Memorandum."'
King Edward IV. had no claim by
geocraohical right to the English throne.
George Eliot left n wife and children
to mourn his genii.
The capital of Russia is St! Peters
burg on the Duma.
The test act of 1(373 was passed to
keep Roman Catholics out of public
houses.
Henry 1. died of eating palfreys.
Louis XVI was gelaiined dining the
French revolution.
The Rhine is boarded by wooden
mountains.
Gender shows whether a man is
masculine, feminine or neuter.
James 1 died from argue.
An angle is a triangle with only two
suks.
Algebraical symbols ore used when
you don't know what you arc talking
about.
Geometry teaches us how to biscp
angels.
Parallel lines are the same distance
all the way, and do not meet unless
you bend them.
The whale is an amphibious animal
because it lives on land find dies in the
A parallelogram is a figure made of
four parallel straight lines.
Horse-power is the distance one
horse can carry a pound of water in an
The magnesium salt in the sen creates
:lie effervescene when the tide comes in.
if the air contains more than 100 per
cent of carbolic acid it is vesy injurious
Gray iiciicn ir> thct which if there
were none we should ail fiy away.
The press to-day is the mouth or
gan of the people.
A vacuum is a largo empty space
where the pope lives.
Martin Harvey invented the circula
tion of the blood.
A deacon is the lowest kind of Cliris-
The isles of Greece were always
quarreling as to which was the birth
place of Homer. Chaos lias the most
right to claim him; —From the London
Express.
Cutting Tirp.pcr or*
Government Lar.d.
Notices arc posted up calling tor bids
for 147 mining tlnrbers cut on govern
ment !:wd in Pioneer district. The
timbers have been seized by the United
Stales officials. The land upon which
they, were cut is adjoining the lands of
P. Mace in section 20, township 7 range
13. It has not bean disclosed who is
the pertv accused of i'.io trespass, /or
whether any one ir, accused thereof.
For obvious reasons ihe intent'oiis o;'
the jovenitr.eni in this matter are kept
CJisJi<^irosr» Cry
FOR FLETCHER'S
C ASXO R S A
S: ; .- '■ -' FOUR UGHT ' FiVu LIGHT . ;; O:-,;,; >M
. .eoAfSiPVHPVfn '" : ' TUNGSTEN F.XTWZ : ; 3 '. . JK?,
;'■;.>'' 13 FEET OF GASP ER HOUR y}\ bulb punws .out :' : y.--'"'- . ; , u ;;i
tobWBLSBAICH |
FC^ STORES,! IOMZS.CLUB3 and HALLS. 5;
H GIVES ASOPTS^UOCTokcREkTDRIULWW^ |
lilH |Sii»T ii OU A UT^ E PnC IEN CYAN0 E CON«^ .■ j
?\ Tha l/afits 3ro funrai on or off by a mers pull on th? chsin-tpkmg its* ?zcy and convenient fy
.i j to operate as s.i itectric Lignt-Positiw in its cotton - Simpte a ils construe. , on. ,-.
l\ CHEAPER TO 13UY CHEAPER TO USE CHEAPER TO KEEP IN ORDER |
| EXHIEITIDN AT I3UR HALESHUnM
i| OUR REPRESENTATIVE WILL CALL BY REQUEST WITH FULL INFOriMWnOH. |
•a ii eu t will be charged on Idle metw», and after co d»y« Huy w«| b« wnoveif v.liht ut notice.
/^S^fiW Adds Healflifiil Qualities I
EeonoE3iiz£S Flour, . tj
made firom Koyal toape Crcasm Ij i
if No Alum— No Unto PStosphaios m. i
ft Si ''
Dr. P. S. Goodman's SaEiitorium i
Suttcr Creek, Amador Co. Calif. :
Where !t Never Snows !
X Ray, Hot Air, Vibrators, Hot and Cold Baths. General Treatment for all J
diseases Medical and Surgical, except Contagious Diseases. <
Terms in advance, $15 per week and up. [
NOTICE OF ASSESSMENT. ,
Jose Gulch Mining Company. j
Ofnce and principal place of business
at Butte Basin (Jackson post ollice,)
Amador county, California, and its
property and works at the same place.
Notice is hereby given that, at a
regular meeting of the Board of Direc- ,
tors of the Jose Gulch Mining Com-:
pany, held on the 7th day of March, '
1910, an assessment of five (5) cents per'
share was levied on the subscribed ;
capital stuck of the above named cor- 1
poration, payable immediately to the I ;
secretary of the said corporation, Miss.
F. M. Farwcll, at Butte Basin, (Jackson
post office, ) Amador county, California, i
Any stock upon which this assessment!
shall remain unpaid on the 2d day of;
April, 1910, will be delinquent and y/ill !
be advertised for sale at public mictioo,
and unless payment is made before, J
will bo sold on the 18th day of April, i
1910, to pay the delinquent assessment)
togp.ther with costs of advertising and;
exoenscs of sale. J
MISS F. M. FARWELL, !
Office at Butte Basin, (Jackson post)
oliice, ) Amador county, California. .r
PARTICELLI BROS
MARBLE AND
Granite Works
All kinds of Ometery Work done
. ...
All nionumentul work in uc-
Corae iukl see our everlasting polish-
ing warble, American Beauty:
NOTICE FOR PUBLICATION.--01913
Department of the Interior,
U. S. Land Office at Sacramento
California, March 5, 1910.
Notice is hereby given" that Frances
Newton Dcnend, of Volcano, California,
who, on March 18, 1903, made H. E.
No. 7498. for SW% of NEJsJ.'i'S^ of
NWH, Section 1, and SEH* ot NE^,
Section 2, Township 7 N., Range 12 E.,
Mount Diablo Meridian, has filed notice
of intention to make final five year
proof, to establish, claim to the land
above described, 'before' the i.U. S.
Commissioner for Amador county, at
his office in.rjackson, California, ion
the 16th day of April, 1910. >A. ;:■
Claimant names as witnesses:
A. S. McLaughlin, Kobt Maxwell,
Al. Robinson, ov Volcano, California,
and W. Dent of Oleta, California.
JOHN F. ARMSTRONG,
Medicines that aid nature are always
most successful. Chamberlains cough
remedy r.cts o this plan: It loosens
tho cough, relieves the lungs, opens the
secretions and aids nature in restoring
the system to a healthy condition. Sold
by all dealers.
_■
•AGENTS WANTED.^
Pint of Milk, merged into one pound of
Wonderful new discovery.! Family
size machine rmike'H o pounds in 2
minutes. Iso chemicals usod: Pure
Food absolutely^ A'godsend'to every
family. FIVE CENTS A POUND.
Tblulc w-lmi, that siv.. ; ; lv one year.
25 by.-ova toGtmiomah).
California ConxirAssion Co.
Centra! Trust Building
060 GOLDEN GATE AVENUE
San Frar.cisco Cal.
i mi" ' ' -*+~~- ~*^*~- -^. Ench of the chief or«
<^^_ -^^^ -^ryr ' """"^^V <an« of the body is a
/ /^rntA 1 /*fl)ik \ii» tcrii /\l t 111/*Ca >link In the Chain of
(OTAOjWyVERJ^^ s
3*^^ ->C | -^^ weakest link, the body
•• '"" ' ■ " no stronger than its
weakest organ. If there is weakness of stomach, liver or lungj, there i* a
weak link in the chain of life which may snap ot any time. Often this so-called
"weakness" is caused by lack of nutrition, tho result of weakness or disease
of the stomach and other organs of digestion end nutrition. Diseases and
weaknesses of the stomach and its allied ortfans are cured by tho use of Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. When the weak or diseased stomach is
cured, diseases of other organs which teem remote from the stomach but which
have their origin in a diseased condition of the stomach and ASt\
other organs of digestion and nutrition, are cured also. miStf
The strong man lias a strong stomach. *^
Take the above recommended "Dlscov (£x^ ifipwSffiiv
cry" and you may hare a strong Btonf
Oivkn Away.— Dr. Pierces Common Sense Mcdicnl Adviser, «3fl!IfB3»l
new revised Edition, is sent free on receipt of stamps to p<»y -__BBjj^p^
expense of mailing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps for tho "^ 2Sj»»-
book Jn paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-bound yoU o^33=^
ume. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. J '■'^■':i: i
1 DJtfETED SNOW FLOUR
g It strengthens the system and builds it up
5 So when you breakfast, dine or sup,
w Be sure the bread that you do cat
2 Is made from purest, best of wheat.
§ DRIFTED SNOW FLOUR is.
I DKIFTED SNOW FLOTJK
seoaoeadAisoiiooeoossoooaeaaattoter.eooisojfsaeooceaootieffltfl
S NOETK MAIN STEEET JACKSON, CAL S
• •
_ I HfwM w fm w—*, *•
• GEO. L. THOMAS & CO. o
J» •
r Dealer in Choice Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, Hams, o
« Corned Beef. Lard, Bacon, Etc* %
t> At lowest market prices ... Orders promptly delivered. »
§ I
I Webb BuiSding. JACKSON, I
t' L. C W81T11.., PROPRIETOT* si
I Only Exclusive Furniture Store in Amador County. |
I Bedsteads, Mattresses, Bureaus, |
J: '■;•■'%-' j
£ Tables, Chairs, Rockers' Desks, . |
t ' Carpets, Matting, Linoleum, Window Shade?} |
| ■•-/'■'' " ■ "■'-■ ej
i! ; . Ranges, Cooking and Heating Stoves |
I ...'. ■ '■■-; ':.";) ■■:. ; tS
ft Everything in the housekeeping lino may be found §
;| at this store, oJ ! up-to-date design and quality, and \
| at reasonable prices. |
V. 1 Houses furnished Complete oh liberal ternrs. |»
I Carpets fitted and sewed to any sized room; a large assortment p
;'j Call and examine the large and complete stock, and get pricf-st I
rt Orders from the county will receive prompt attention.
l\ Rurnituro Polish, Liquid Glue, and Insect Powder,
I Second Hand Furniture Bought, Sold or I
I Ail ktrids of Furniture Slovak Work Done.
f| Silic Floss- Mattresses mtide to order. |
I AT lIEWiTTS BAZAR %
jj Special SALE now on of Thanks- **
a ■ vilify Necoai>ltleBi' Dulls, (.'hiuajj
o waro. Tcyn. L*u', ota: ! «
8 We l:.".vi> itin largest and nj.*;(t varied O
'> UiA o£ TOV3 lv Central OuUJornin. *»
it H
$ Stcx'lcton's Greatest ;Bazar,liSo
. .
ij mask is-t m ra i
;•' Ruccead when everything clco fc.ils. |fi
H In ncrvouo proatraticn and female ||
■.I weoknesixss thsy sro tho supreme p
'■) remedy, as Vboiistmds have testified.
| POR kl'DNKnritlVEß'ANp
BTOIWiACH,TOOUB|Ue
'lit 33 tiio bt'tt r.iedicine ever E&ld ,
over a arusgist'o counter.
, , ,■,..«:.;»■> ..'■..■■
The latest result of fifty years' ex-
perUiuco in inal:iii«- So\yii»*» niuchliics
Macb'nes roUI on easy tcrtnsi
Absolutely Ihollt/htest-runulnjf lock
A. W, STONE, Agent
JACKSON, CAL.
Vifnaoor Hotel
3oiird by D^y, Week or Monti).
I'oble always aupplled witii
t'jo vary hv.ab in the market
■ sample rtoo/iis
For Cotnmcrclal Travellcro
Opp. Livery Srabls ' Amador City
SKEEN & RATTO
AMADOR LUMBER CO.
. . . : .. • . . ;
|TH«A;Van^lefNa3!leivSchoon
|tfPract!«Jav!l,Pj«iriC»»,J|!Jn!egCeBiaeerlßs *
i ■ Bjt-.tll.Ucd MM S
jx Ccj'fi'Tl.iir ili jEr ur.^ ttUidisffi workihop a-Kl !..l>or»- 3
■t IwluL C,)ou iII l'c:»r. trial ilvuimiil for tjiyl i.ic.m J
'{* In uillliui, ... .lontu«!iuulloiiii.lU» onto. Adlioia aOFFICIAL DIRECTORY
National flovcrnment
EXECUTIVE
ProHiaont William tf . Tafl
Vico President Jnmes S. Shnritlftn
JUDICIAHY
U. 8. SUI'HEME COURT JUSTICES
P (Chief Justice Fuller)
First circuit. . Ollvor W. Holms
Second clruult....Uufuß W. Peclilmm
Third circuit..... '..Honory VV. Brown
Fourth circuit Molvlllo W. Fuller
Fifth circuit Edward w. White
Sixth circuit Jotau M. Hnrlari
Soventh circuit William R Duy
\ Kljrht circuit . ....... .David Ji Grower
} Nlni'u circuit Joseph McKcnna
NINTH JUDICAL CIRCUIT
U'uciflo Stutcß and Territories)
I Circuit judgfe William W. Morrow
' Circuit judsro Ebldro U. RpM
Circuit judffo Williiini B. Gilbert,
U. S. Commissioner for Atnador coun
ty Richard Webb
LEGISLATIVE
SKNATOHS ifllOM CAI.II'OUNIA
Ueoryo C. Perkins tind Frank V. Flint
CONuiIESSMEN VliOll OAtIFORNtA
Viral district vV id. Ejijflobrlght
Second di-tr:el. . .Duncan E. McKlnlay
' Thud ii Istrsos Joseph' K. Knuwland
Fourth district Julian Kuhn
Fifth district I' 1 -- A.* tin. yes
Sixth district Fames C. Neeahuni
Seventh district Jatacfl McLmshlsn
Eighth cUsMict S. C. Smith
State 6oycVfiincnt.
EXECUTIVE
GoveVnui- l" I .^ -*'• <;illl -' v
[jiiVuV-Gov'iM-nor . . . . Y.':',r;-v'i X- i'o.'t.jt'
" Suui'titaVy.bf Sr;i.i,.>. . . .C!i;k-h'.- i. <.i.u-.y
Canl.io.. ■•■,:• ....A- H. Nyo
Tretidui-cp W:n. X,
Atiorne'y-Gtinoral'jf. Ulj'Srf'csfS. V/obb
■ riurvoyvi:---(;;'n. •!■;.!.. Wffl, :•■ Ivingsbiiry
fauptl'^Utto Friiiaugv'^V. VV. Sliiinnoji
Okri: Supreme Courl — V. L. Cauuliey
JUDICAJ^Y
■ £ mnupih c'Juirr
Cliff. JujL-l'-co Wiii'. B aty
Aiwoc-iiix: .lustice ...j.'. 8~. MeFarliimi
Assooiato iiiiattea F. \V.' Uen^i.iv.-
Associate JiisUoe Vv . G. Li6.i*i?ud
A-.-'u- ■:-*•; Justice i-1i -1 - •"• ATiiJullotti
A^rO'jtii o .lustioc u;k! j.u yhxjy
A..;.:j;v.1..- J uslicsS ,M. U -'^•• :: -
First diatrici*. ..i'.ii.-ii.;. .V. Cooj •■>■
Plrti^'d'lst.riuV Sam'u'.l P. Hall
;, : Firist di-uUii..- ....Fi-aiikli. K.^-i-ig;uj
Sucoud district .James Vv". 'Vi>..\:± ■ c
; ; Stkroncl "district .'. Vicio:- ;•:. Shaw
■Thii-d di^ricl S''orl-i>n P. Clupmiu
ThiJd district.' Albert G. Ouruet:
Third diJti-lct i:'.ii;;j:j U. Jl'viri
BOARD OF EQUALIZATION
Fit-it district' Joseph El Sopit
Secoutl disjH'il Alck 3i-owm
. Third ui.-;trict Rlchurcl K. CoHi'ua
Fourth district Jeff D. AleElvaiou
railr6aij commission
Firit district- A;j.: C. U I'wib
Socond distriut Andniiv M. Wilaon
Third distrletVlThoodoro SumnJoi-laud j
LEGISLiATIVa ■'
pau'ator, lOth/diitdot V. CarolneUi
Aisomuiyiuiiu. .1.1 tii dial. .G. h. ii.iy.l^v
U. S. LAND OFFICE
[Sacrambtito]
Ltoglster Julia ).•'. Armstrong
Reculver Joim O. [ug
Coujity Government.
Superior Judge. /.Hon. Fred V. Wood
ShorilV & Tux Collector. . .U » Givgory
Deputy • W. T. Con uors
District Attorney C. i\ Viclui
Clerk nn4 Auditor J. it. Huborty
Deputy L- Neivintiu
Recorder Thos. M. Ityuu
Deputy L. G. Meehuii
Treasurer Georjfo A. G rltton
Asbt'gbor C. E. Jarvla
Deputy GoOrgo A. Gordou
. Survoror Wiu. iirown
Supt. of Sohols \V. H. Greenintlyli
Supt. Hospital F. B. LoMoln
Ph.\ biciaa E. E. Eudicott, M. D.
Corner & Public Admr. . .H. E. Potter
Court Coixitni6sioner....(jeo A Gordou
UOAKD Ol^. SUPEUVISOKS
Township 1....J0hn Stroam, Juck&ou
Township 2 13. 11. Bagloy, lono
Township 3 A. Grillo, Volcano
Township 4D. A. Frasor Sutler Creek
Township 5 L. Burku, Plymouth
, JUSTICES 01? THU PKACE
Township No. 1 V .A. Golduer
Township No. 2 T. H. Gartlln
Township No. a A. W. RobluFoa
Township No. 4 \V. L. Rose
Township No. 5 John Blower
CONSTAULE3
Township No. 1 A. Laverone
TowQghlp No. 2 J. E. Kelley
TowDßhipNo. 8 T. C. MeKenze
Township No. 4 T. S. Tuttle
. Township No. 5 .N.E Wbeeler
SQUATTER RIGHTS ON
NATIONAL FORESTS
Secretary Wilson has iust issued an
order providing for a more liberal treat
ment of bona (lde squatters upon un
surveyed land which has been included
within Notional forests since the. time
of actual occupancy of the land by the
squatter.
Under the homestead law it is im
possible for any one to secure legal
title to unsurveved public land, but
occupancy pendin/; survey is recognized
os giving a prior claim to tlic land after
survey, under what is known as
"squatters' rights.! 1 A squatter who
had, in good faith, taken possession of
a piece of National Forest land before
the National Forests were created is not
dispossessed of his c«aim by the
Forest Service, and if he lives upon it
and cultivates it Until the lam! has been
surveyed, ha la t.'oij [j gci lila iio.r.c
etead just as though I:- had settled on
any part of the unreserved public
domain' But since the passage of the
Act of Ju:ic 11, 100?, which permits the
secretary of agriculture to list for
settlement land wliJcli he finds chiefly
valuable for agriculture, it has been
possible for squatters to apply for the
lislini; of iiicir lands under this act,
and thus to obtain title prior to the
Government survey. The object of tha
new order of the secretary is to provide
forthe listing of the full amount of
land which the occupant would receive
ii' he exercised hi; option of awaiting
the Government survey, irrespective of
whClier or not the ctitiro area is culti
vable, provided the [claim ; is bn-i fide
End Itis land is not ino're 1 valuable lor its
tlriibar than , for agriculture.
Secretary Wilson's qrderiaES fo3lb\vi :
"A pirkoH v/h'o hr.Z settlaJ upon sxa.\
eoiitinudusly occupied unsurvc'jl'cd lands
within a National Wrest b'e'fora its'crea
tioii and Is at ihe pVese'at : timo u..c::;.iv
ini' s;:c:i lan'dsiin goodfaitii and* is : iri
all-* respdets qompiying *{th .tUci-horns
st3«\d- :■:■'.-, has tlia ri^it to • include
within'thc lirie'srof his honfistciid IGO
ncres aficr. iii:: land i.: surveyed;
Thofßforsj ii : tiicjlan'd is .o;;:.;pi ! ::i lor
agricultural purpose:; and is -.;.:. rhore
vnluabls for i;s timber thsii *cr sucii
purposes, and tlieroV'aro; no '"'circutn:
ita"ee3 v.'!)ich^w<:;L:id in tJ.c 3pinio;i oi l
ihe".bisfrict;'l-6fei3tcr :-oi;:i to discredit
the ''bcha'\ HOoo offikcijciai.rhant, he
oiio-il'i be :i'U;v.'c.i to nniii tpplicitiori
for thejatsntijis °' . f.uoli li;id3 under
thid net of June ii, 1906, and itiz c::-
SjriiriJTtjprj iir listing :;::>..;J hi made
with a view of listiii^ ff:6 acres of l.md
V'here possible. The tracts zz lists;!
should conform L\r :•.'.: practicable [o
tlis farm of tho piTblic Iciid siirveys!
The listing or hinds us abbv^shoiild 'riot
in any way govern th's d3'!fcnnlna||dn of
the iota! area or amoiTnt of :io;i culti
vable land !ir>ie.' for appiicants 'tinder
tlio net or June H, 100b, s'!;a we not
residing upon tiia land bsfore tho
creation of the forest.
'.'in cases where less.' than 100 acres
of land has ba-in listed to a peison who
settled up™ llic land prior to fie crea
tion of tho forost, r.n ujditionii! area
sufficient to complete ins homestead
entry may bz allowed upon procer
application;'.! .
bayed A Soldier's Life.
Facing death from shot ;-;nd chcll in
the civil war wr.s more agreeable to J.
A. Stone, of Kemp, Tex. , than fflclng.lt
from what doctors snid wav consumption;
"1 contracted n stubborn cold", he
writes, "that L!eyelop. n d a couglii thet
stuck io i:"j2 in spite of all remedies for
years. My weight ran down to 130
pounds, Then 1 began to t'sc Dr.
King's New Discovery, which com
pletely cured me. i now weigh 178
pounds. I .' i-'or coughs, colds, la grippe,
a3thma, honiorrha/je, hoarseness, croup,
whooping cough and lung trouble, "it
When other Flours fail — try filler's
Best.
Beafnes3 Can not be Cured
by local iippllutititoDa us tliey cannot
retielj the dUoußod portion of the car
Thoru lsouly ono wtty to euro deafness
ii (id that is L>y constitutional remedies,
Duafneas it; oausod by un luQuinod con
dition of tho mucous liuin^ 1 of tha. Eus-
Irtcblun Tubo. When this tulw is in
iiuiuod you have v rumbling t^ound or
Itupurfeot heurluy, and when it is en
tirely cloaod, d«ul'i\tisrt is the result,
mill unless tho inllaminutiou can bo
taken out and this lulio reotoced to it«
normal condition, hearing will bo de
stroyed forever; ninu cuses out of ton
ai'n caused by Catarrh; which is noth
ing 1 but un Inflamed, condition of tho
mucous surfaces.
We will give One Hundred Dollars
or a'uy ottso of Deafnuss Icausud by ca
tarrh) that cannot bo cured by Hall's
Catarrh Cure. K.?nd for circulars, freo.
P, J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.
Sold by Druggists, 750.
Hall's Family Pills urn iliooost
Notice.
Notice is hereby given that I intend
to apply to the State Board of Prison
Directors to be paroled from San Quen
tin prison according to law,
ml BTt.8 T t. R. N. CARROL.
Aokuowlerißtneut binuks tor nutu
rius, specially priuted for Animlor
county, limy be bad at the Ledger
oUice. Price 50u per paoket ot 60.
SCIENTIFIC
MISCELLANY
S Reportsd weekly for the Ledger.
UnlraineJ Speech. -Is the Climate
Changing?— Dark Opaque Masses in
tho Skv—Sprayin^ by Acetylene— Our
Changing liood— Not in the Smith
sonian Collection — Disease Resistance
of Cold Blood— Explosion Turbines-
Hanging Weight.
The cure Ol r.tamn I ; i
teachln ; o , In ;'io view
of I).-. G. Hudson A
delphia.
■ ra in . ■ lie
be"cves the •
the
little from I
Ing inre. fou ' i
serious, and . '.
have littl ■
I
Oft:
■
clian
I
■
:
■
■
:
arc ri
this convcnl Is I
I ■ that is so
Studying careful!; the sourc
supply Prof, A. Woeikof ha3 concl
loner or la h tman rac<
: upon vegetable I
Meat must unavailable for or
dinary use, and the ■ Ion of any
manufactured substance I ir
products is extremely Impn
plant iir'c is capable of sti i h
energy much more econ.):n
any inuciiine can do. Experience
that no kind *>f food is Indl i| i
Scarcely any one kind is ..
where reganJsd as a neceuary of li!-,
unJ many kinds that curtain peoples now
regard as necessaries were a few gene
rations ago almost unknown ; to them.
The productiveness of the agricultural
lands of the world is likely to be almost
Indefinitely increased by the application
of scientific methods.
What appears to be the smallest insect
known has been described in India by
Dr. N. Annandale. It is only 1-120 of
an inch, and belongs to the Hyinenop
tera, the order including ants, bees and
wasps. It has received the name of
Alaptus magnanlnius. Only one speci
men has been seen, and that appeared in
the Held of vision as the describer was
obser/injj under the microscope certain
organisms in oil of cloves.
The entrance of bacteria into the
circulation of warm blooded animals is
strongly resisted by specific antidotes or
aititoxins and special solvents orlysins,
in the the production of which the
leucocytes or white corpuscles of the
blood are concerned. The susceptibility
of fresh-water crabs- has suggested that
the blood of cold-blooded animals has
no such germ-killing qualities. To
test the matter, an investigation has
been made by Angerer ot the Biological
Experiment Station at Munich, and he
has found that the blood of crabs rcallv
has little effect upon bacteria, the same
being true nlso of the blood of snails
and mussels. Tho slimy mucus exuded
by hibernating snails, on the other
hand, has strong bactericidal action.
The blood of carp has powerful effect,
and the white blood corpuscles devour
and digest great quantities of typhoid
bacilli and other bacteria. The blood
of May beetles iilso opposes bacteria
vigorously. Thick armor proves tj
have no influence in keeping out
bacteria, and fishes and Bomo other cold
blooded animals have the same pro'ec
lion as warm-blooded creatures.
The explosion gas turbine has been j
in the experimental stngc In France for
several years The machine lately t
built in Paris yM. Kravodlno develops:
about two Ii dC'power, and for some;
mouftia lias been with
regularity and satisfaction, It, has four
explosion chambers, in which Ihc
products of the exolosions ara directed
through four nozzles upon a single tur
bine wheel. This wheel, about six
inchen In dio.rnctcr, r.ia!;e:; 10,000 rc
yolutiong ncr minute, and has a
peripheral velocity of about 200 feat per
secont', or three miles p:r minute.
The.consumptlbi] of gasolipe.'wa9 4.03
pour.:!:; per horse-power hour. The
machine ir.i'j small si;:c and weight,
and seems to promise successful
development,
Tria pull exerted on a hangman's rope
has been the novel and gruesome sub
ject of tests by ' Dr. Angela <'c
Dominicis. The pull of a living dug
v/lieh quiet was 20 pounds, and on
haiiging it was 42 poi-.nds; and the
BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH
ins ■ m.MM I v .liiiti®,
BT "T ~1~ "IF T 'fT^ 1 f'Ti T ~jh. ~r
U 1 a .JL^d Hj X _L _PN
San . Francisco's Leading Daily,; the
AFt MFk T~l n T"1 I T~" r 1"~n ss — T T~~" r~-\
r\ Vi Al J lv Lt hh hv
Is enabled to offer old and new subscribers
Am^dnr I rdprr - weekly, $2 1 for
per yeai j Per yy 6 ar
This is an extraordinary offor, and may bo withdrawn at any time, so wo would
suggest that all ola subscribers in arrears pay back accounts that they may take
advantage of this special combination sale.
THE BULLETIN is famous from coast to (Toast for its fight in defenso of clean
government, and is road by more people daily than the combined circulation of
all other San rraucisoo dailies.
You will appreciate tho value of this offer when you consider that any of tho
other San Francisco papers will cost you $3 per year.
SUBSCRIBE TO-DAY
What Have You Done?
"This world is filled with light a
cheer,
And t'is good to be living here, "
You often hear folks say.
"There's much that's good spread a'
around,
And love doth everywhere abound,
To brighten every day."
"This world is ever gay and rjad;
There isn't much that's ill or saJ, "
Some oftcntimc will toll.
"If there is ought of pain or woe,
I never sec it as I go ;
With me all things are well."
But if the world is ever fair,
Without the sorrows and tlic care,
Indeed we'd like to know
Mow niany hearts you've helped alonr;?
How many times you've righted wrong,
To make this old worlJ so?
—B, A. Brlnlnstool in Lor, Angeics
Express.
A An A v fill EEurption
I of n volcano exciter, brief Interest, arc!
■ your interest in skin eruptions will bo
[OS short, if you use Bucklens Arnica
i salve, their quickest cure. Even tha
I worst boMSi ulcers, or fever sores r.re
I scion healed by it. Best for burns, cuts,
[bruises, sore lips, chapped hands, chil
j blniiiB finJ piles. It gives instant rc
| lief. 25 cents at SDagrroli's Drug store,
i
.
FuUy nine oufof e\ery ten cases of;
rheumatism is simpiv rheumatism of
I the 'muscles due to cold <)■.■ c!:ir.-..-, or I
I chronic rheumatism, n0i1!,..:' of which [
I require any ititern'ai treatrnent.'^i'/Ml that
i is needed to afford relief is the free ;•.:>
plication of Chambstiainjs liniment.
pivelit a.trial; You are certain in ha
pleased .with tlio'qulclc relief which it:
; affords. Sold by all dealers.
i
Recipe for Sanity.
Are you worsted in a fight?
Laugh it off.
Are you cheated of your right?
Laugh it off.
Don"t make tragedies of trifles,
Don't shoot butterflies with rides-
Laugh it o!7i
Does your work get into kinks?
Ijaugh it off.
Are you near all sorts of hrinks?
If it's sanity you're after,
There's no recipe like laughter-
Laugh it off.
— Heny Rutherford Elliott in The Cen
tury.
CURE YOUR KIDNEYS.
Do Not Endanger Life When a
Citizen Shows You
the Cure.
Why v.'ill people continue to suffer
the agonies of kidney complaint, back
ache, urlnry disorder;"., lameness, head
aches, languor, why allow themselves to
become chronic invalids, when a certain
cure is offered them?
Doan's Kidneys Pills is the remedy to
usfe, I ; because it gives to the kidneys
the help they need tn perform their
work.
If you have nny, fvsn one, tlic
symptoms of kidney diseases, cure
yourself now, before' diabetes, dropsy
or Bright's disease sets in. iJcud this
Jackson testimony.
Mrs ,(. Cool:, Broadway, .lo.ckf.on,
Cal,, says: '.'I buffered lrom kidney
trouble for a long time and nothing
' .' ed me until i procured v box of
Doan's Kidney rills st t;ie City r,; ..:■•
macy. I!was much run down in health
i niy. back" ached constantly.'^ 1 also
'...■.d hvqucnt dizzy spells and;',mv kid
i'leyi ciid not act properly. 1 at length.
bejaniUSiiig Doan's Kidney Pills and
they giuc me relief from the first, i
was : soofl cured and my kidneys are iiow
norfha! and ■mv back stronger. ' am
only.too clad'tb endorss Doan's Kidney1 1VI PORTA N X -^s^®Es^s^^Kji":J?
■' ■ ■ ■ _
Weinftock, Lubin & Co,
Announce their Catalog
for Spring and Summer
This is a largo book of 212 pages, containing wearing apparel for men,
women and children; furnishings for the house, and a complete line of
groceries. Quality considered,
THE PRICES ARE THE LOWEST
If it makes a difference to you whether you get the season's best
styles, standard materials, trustworthy workmanship; and prompt, in-
telligent service, you should
SEND FOR THIS FREE CATALOG
JlJJrcsi a 'Postal lo
b?^^T?^ Weinftock, Lubin & Co.
ADDRESS SACRAMFKITO
YOUR POSTAL DEPT . bALKAMLNIO,
like T-$^ CALIFORNIA
THIS jjj»> — >>* c|
MINE NEWS
HARD TO GET
It is to be regretted that some mine
superintendents totally ignore any re
quests ss to giving out news, or bits ,of
information that would interest ' the
miner, who toils so hard for the small
recompense he receives. Surely mine
news, in. a community like this, is
more important than would be any kind
of sensational news, for it means bread
and butter to the children, and wife, it
helps the storekeeper to give big or
ders, or cancel old orders, it creates in
dustry that would otherwise be un
— — — ' ~~~ :•* •.«—•—- .......«.—: SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.
"Every Man is Odd' « 2
But wJ can lit him. j HariieSS Satisfaction S Cor. 9th and J Streets
"STYLE," "QUALITY," "VALUE GIVING." • | SACRAMENTO
The present showing of the now Spring Suits does uphold the m Depends upon good service.' A Walsh and Richard- •
l^lglggll^lllll IsonHan.ess.m.anaupuna.anMnaso.^oel W^p||gp§||p|
om>Clt - v - • and will give you long wear and "harness satisfaction • - the entire stock of pianos of the Pommor Music
C if WM3"&}i]^WFC&Jr?MffjA S Write us for information and quotations • I{ you aro interested in the purchase of a piano,
Hfeß^H^w^l^ ®^ Wv WMP^V • on Leather Goods. Big Catalogue Free. • player piano or organ. There will be something
"jjSa&w "The Big Clothing Store" ] Walsh-RiChardSOn CO. /y ] "to'Sa'ao^Bto.'"" 0 " "
Dea|er| , | Hu- ' " J Sham|y|o|||{ , Ha ., I « EVERYTHING IN LEATHER." AL } Wo specialize li^^TZ/^l lIPP
lißrHi fe^RaHorS Sr 1^ \ sth and X, Sacramento I p" in^°'^ iRI^WS Mail" Order*,
Shtet'^faS 721 X STREET :M........: M ......... MM ..... M ...»................ MM . M .: Enlarging. S&»™ sw¥uES . •• «V Promptly Filloa
mmi mm Hiram mm Scott, Ly man & Stack The Successful Man Of Tomorrow eye ease. ,&£.•%! "g-JHtf^JSi
When in Sacramento visit th(> We figure on «,'«? and electric . twitcli or smart jogue of sheet music.
is the ono who to-day is saving hiB spare dollars or {«« }o« probably need JR, DRAKE MUSIC GO - 1002 J STREET.
catalog. Take loth-st-cars. Uto.- heating stc-am and blast and placing them in this bank. Sj^J^t^l'iihS Sacramento. Cal.
Jjacramgntp Ostrich Farm !^SSwe?Krt?sf"iUuE Hero his savings are safe, are earning interest. t lon.' free of charge. We grind w R PURNELL
Dr. Wm. Ellery Briggs mantels, uiin« and; everything an( j aro ready for him when the "opportunity" oui o«nionses. School Sunnlies
Dr. Geo. A. Briggs t^SSSH^Su^ «"»<>*■ CHINN BERETTA SACKAMKNTO , 0A ?, P ,f, f k ST.
im ,p ril v vner THDH4T trouble to show yowls. Insure your future by starting a bank account Optical Company special attention to school buppiied
bYE, EAR, i\OSE, THROA I Visit O««r "PALACE OF ART." with US TO-DAY. Ig X St^acr^o^^ U Write 7J B^dul' Proportion" to
Hours u^to i. a m.^ sackambnto 410-421 J St., Sacramento Phone 2501J , ' teachers..
""' "^ArRAMFIMTn RAI\!K t^^S^Wll&^B^Si Accounts Solicited.
m f^^^^^l. i_J/Yl_*<l \/v| VI JL_* »M .1 l-J J — fj VUl\ lilU Ujltijj) 1 1 H irfM|% ' : -"i A General Hanking Business Tran-
reSTT|J^TT^^^ *tf i^^y»lP^\^ iir^jPnfß^ El^l^r^C^i I ißjßW^B^j-j^Sjplr^^ljl sacted.
431 J Street. Sacramento. ! % ; .'••/fflfflHSSlH THF FORT SUTTER
f^^K^^P^^^^^^^^^ When in Sacramento be Sure to Visit gg^^^^^S "^UPam^ito ¥J^
I The BON BONNIERE DEMER ' S |LUNCH PARLORS ">4MJJfllii §SS!SiiS;»^bii^::::::::1!S:!l8
I , ;v; ' ! iliS^CT3^SwMa!»Ey^^^^K' 1 ltE CREAM PARLORS , Tempting French Pastry I "' "" -^S^^^S^Sri Surplus and l ' ro&i> " WP
|^KS^^S^^ra^^|S^^^Sra^^H Delicious Sweets and Ices. Dainty Lunch - - • 25c iyjljH^^P^fyi^n^ Total 8488,000
ME&SiK 4-1 X STRE JOT. ;V 42(5 JC STREET PllMlff JTlflttitaM*iiilMiillla »'/, per cent puWouSayiDKsDeposlM
thought of if a shutdown of mines were
i contemplated, and best of all, it sends a
new course of blood through the veins
of the toiler, when he learns that there
are prospects of his being able to buy
a property or improve a place by the
finding of new ore bodies, or opening of
new mines.
We fail to understand how such inror
motion will, in any reasonable argu
ment, harm the mine owners, and posi
tively know that news of this kind is
sought after by everyone in the county.
It is our aim to give the readers all
mine information we can obtain, and
ask to be excused if we publish ac
counts which later might be contra
dicted or denied. All stories we pub
lish, will be investigated, and nothing
frivolous or imaginary will pass us in
tentionally.
An Old Settler Dies.
Joseph Wrigglesworth of Aukum, El
Dorado county, died at his home in that
town on Saturday last, about 10 o'clock
p. m., after a lingering illness of can
cer of the face. He was well know to
the residents of the northern section of
Amador county, having resided in that
vicinity for many years. His wife has
been postmistress of Aukum for a long
time. The funeral took place on Tues
day, the remains being interred in the
cemetery of Shenandoah valley, j
Jackson lo Have
Shooting Gallery
J. D. Wells, formerly of Point Rich
mond, has decided to open up a shoot-
Ing gallery In the store room which wa9
formerly occupied by the Red Front
store.
The interior of the place Is under
going a complete change, and when
completed will Rive the city an up-to*
elate gallery. The proprietor insists
that he takes great pride in the accuracy
of his rifles and expects to prove the
same on Saturday, when he holds his
formal opening.
The range will be about 30 foot, leav
ing a good 20 foot as a corridor. All
the latest devices will be used as tar
gets. Mrs Wells, the manager's wife,
will'be connected with the running of
the place. She is considered an elegant
shot, and holds records that are hard to
beat. Prizes will be given each week,
consisting of first class riHes to those
who reach a certain average.
New Ice House for Jackson.
The new storage ice house of the
Jackson brewery will be completed some
time this week. It has a capaciv for
holding 150 tons of ice, and will be of
great value to the people of Jackson in
the hot summer, months. This company
.at the present time has an ice machine
I which produces 25 tons of ice per day.
Miners Go to Arizona
Steve Sanguinetti, Jas Boitano and
another man from Middle Bar left yes
terday morning for Arizona, under en
gagement to work in one of the camps
of that territory.
ANY LADY can easily make from $18
$25 per week working for me quietly in
her own home locality. This is a bona
fide offer— one which will pay you to in
vestigate, even if you can only spare
two hours per day. No investment re
quired. Turn your spare time into
money. Write me at once for parti
culars. Address MARY B. TAYLOR,
Box 30, Womans Building, Joilet.
Illinois.
Children Cry
FOR FLETCHER'S
C ASTO Rl A
Easter Services.
elaborate Easter services are being
prepared at the Methodist church for
Sunday next.
Church services will be held at 11 a.
m. and preaching will be conducted by
the Pastor Rev. Nicholas, the text taken
from tho 14 chapter and 14 verse of Job,
will be entitled. "The one question cf
Humanity."
At 2 p. m. tne regular Sunday school
services will be held, and at 7:30 p. m.
the Easter services will be rendered.
The evening services will consist of a
special and appropriate program, ex
ecuted by the children. Easter songs
will be rendered by the church choir
and by the Sunday school scholars.
Mrs Wylie a popular saprano singer has
consented to sing a solo, and Mr Edw.
Jewell will render a bass so'o.
Following is the program for Easter
service in*th M. E. church next Sunday
evening:
Song by the choir ; prayer; exercise,
Little Acts of Kindness, six small boys;
recitation, Raymond Trevaskis; solo
and chorus, lilies, Mildred Olver and 6
girls; recitation, smile whenever you
can, Emerson Harrington, recitation,
I'm one year older, Merwyn Burrow;
recitation and song, Childs Evening
Prayer, Gertrude and Ruth Harrington;
recitation, Why I love Easter lilies,
Harriet Fisher; exercise, lilies, 10
girls; recitation, Vivian White; re
citation, Mary, Gerna Kirkwood;
Motion song, two little eyes, 5 little
girls; recitation, Laura Parker; ex
ercise, the Easter king, girls and boys;
recitation, little offerings, Byron Bur
row ; remarks, pastor ; song, choir.
Phears' Express.
King up Sain Fbour foi prompt de
livery ot trunks, baggnpe aod express
packages. Hntes reasonnblo. Leave
ordora with P. L. Uasainelli, phone
Mflki :J5; and Express oiiioa, Main 31;
residence Main 71.
Furniture Moved.
Chamberlain's stomach and liver tab-
lets invariably bring relief to women
suffering from chronic constipation,
headache, billiousness, dizziness, sal-
lowness of the skin and dyspepsia.
Bold by all dealers.
SUPERIOR COURT.
HON. F. V. WOOD, JUDGE
Estate of F M Whitmore— Proof of
posting made showing that due and
legal notice has been given. The sale
of 028 acre 3of timber land was con
firm edto F J Solinsky for 12,434,40.
The 190-acre tract was sold to the above
party for $2000. The IGO-acre tract \va9
confirmed to V MolHno for $1480. An
ijndivided ona-eighth Interest in North
Star mine was sold to Lucy 'J Webster
for 8190. Lot In Jackson confirms t
luka M Ualjevich for $3500. •
Estate of F M Whitmore— The matter
of the petition for partial distribution of,
said estate was submitted. ;
Estate of B Ratto- Continued until
April 2.
McGee vs Bergevin— Ordered that de
fendant have until March 23d in which
to file his answer to plaintiff's brief, 'i
Estate of John Andrews— April 2 ap
pointed for hearing on final account and
confirmation of sale of personal pro
perty. Personnsl property sold con
sisted of 16 head of beef cattle sold to
W Amick for $579; and 22 head of cattle
sold to G L Thomas for 8564.
Open Air Concerts Promised
Jackson's band, an organization of
22 pieces, are arranging to give a series
of open air concerts for the coming
season, the first to be held on Saturday
next, weather permitting. In case or
inclement weather, the concert will be
held in Love's hall on Sunday, a dance
will follow, for which a minimum
charge will be asked to defray the ex
pense of rent for the building.
The band is under the leadership of
Prof Shultz, and is a creditable orga
nization to the city. Connected with
the band is an orchestra of no mean
abiity which has a membership list of 6
good musicians.
Warning
Notice is hereby given that any and
all persons charged with giving, or
selling intoxicating liquors to any and
all Indians in my charge will be prose
cnted to the fullest extent of the federal
laWS> GEORGE O. GRIST
Additional Fornian in Charge '
Jackson. March IS. 1910. j